 My husband asked `` Santa '' for a Keurig coffee maker for the holidays . I was a little skeptical since we already had a coffee maker that seemed to work fine for us . I absolutely LOVE this coffee maker . We do n't have to make a full pot when only I or he wants a cup . We can also make hot tea , cocoa , etc. . The other cool part for us is that We do n't have to keep a big container of regular AND decaf coffee we just have these little single serve cups.I do n't think this would work well if you entertain a lot , have a big family -LRB- who all drink coffee -RRB- , or you are a 3 or 4 cup a day coffee drinker -LRB- at home -RRB- . You do have to be patient while it brews a single cup . So , if any of these things apply to you I 'd say keep a 10 - 12 cup coffee maker handy for parties and such.The one criticism I have is an environmental one . The K-cups used by the Keurig are not recyclable in my municipality . I 'm saving water -LRB- which is good -RRB- but then throwing away more plastic than I would have prior to buying the Keurig . If the company were going to make an enhancement ... recyclable K-cups !
 Great machine ... tons of coffee options in the K cup format ... bought the Solofill reusable filter so we could do our own Starbucks , Dunkin , etc. . So much quicker , cleaner , easier than brewing a full pot each time . I read some reviews complaining about warmup time . I 've found the B70 to heat up very quickly -- much faster than the commercial Keurig machines we have at my workplace & a heck of a lot less time than it would take me to brew a full pot in the more traditional way using our old coffee maker!If there 's one complaint , it 's that I think Keurig should include the reusable filter at this price . I understand they want to sell K cups , but their decision to not include a reusable filter is n't stopping us from buying one anyway . The reality is , I bought a bunch of K cups AND the reusable filter.But overall love the machine . We use it several times a day now . The old coffee pot has n't come out of storage since we bought this .
 This is the perfect coffee maker for people who want 1-2 cups of coffee in the morning or have different tastes in coffee than their significant other . My husband loves strong , black coffee and I prefer light , decaf coffee . You both can be happy with this machine . It looks gorgeous in my kitchen and I use it for everything . I can make hot water for cocoa or use the hot water in my cooking . Shorter boil time when the water is already near to boiling . I love the ease and convenience of this machine and have already recommended it to all my family and friends .
 I purchased this device due to a recommendation from a co-worker . Previously , I had been very skeptical of these one-cup brewers . I was worried about the quality of the coffee I was going to be drinking . My fears were unfounded . There are some decent pre-packaged k-cups , or you can make your own with fresh ground.Noise
 Hello everyone that reads the reviews . I am so thankful for those of you who post them -- good , bad , indifferent.I love my Platinum Keurig single cup brewer . I usually research by starting with the negative reviews and then consider the ratio of negative to positive . I noticed some complained about noise or malfunctions , so I held on to the box and packing info so I could exchange or return the product if needed ; however , I have not had one issue since plugging it in and brewing the first cup . The sound it makes is so incredible minute -- a hum maybe , certainly not `` noise '' . Zero mess and easy to throw away K-cup . I bought the reusable filters but have not experimented with them yet . Quick note about the K-cups ... I bought a variety of smaller 5-packs from the Keurig site , and now that I know what I really enjoy most I would order the larger boxes from either that site or Amazon . The Keurig site ships quickly and I even got a small gift sample box with 5 cups . Oh , My Keurig came with a sample pack too!I am thrilled with my product . It was an early Christmas gift for my love whom is heading out to Iraq all too soon . He loves it so much he decided we will mail it there . I recommend a Thermos Stainless King for keeping your elite brew of java hot while you 're on the go . He does n't know it yet but I ordered the 16oz and 40oz Thermoses for his deployment , and I will be sure to mail plenty of K-cups or coffee for the filters to keep him happy while he is away.Yes , the system could be considered expensive depending on your budget . I was n't eager to spend the money , but could afford this particular one . Now that we have it , and seeing how happy he is ... It was worth every penny . If you want to do the additional math you will see it is less costly per cup than you probably spend at coffee houses currently .
 I purchased the Keurig single cup coffeemaker for my wife for Christmas , because she is the only one of us who drinks coffee and did not need but one cup per morning . The Keurig 70 is excellent for this purpose . She is able to make a large cup of coffee each morning and there is virtually no cleanup required and the coffee is delicious . She likes the Donut Shop flavor the best of the flavors she has tried . I was able to get her 50 more servings of this particular flavor on Ebay , so she is ready each morning for her next tasty cup . The machine is very aesthetic and looks great on the counter next to the toaster . I bought her a circular carousel that holds 35 of the K-cups and that sits next to the coffee maker on the counter . We no longer have to clean the coffee maker and do n't have the smell of left-over grounds or coffee that would often remain from our old drip style coffee maker . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a single-cup coffee maker . This particular style is quiet , quick , and very eficient . It can warm up the water and brew a single cup all within a minute . This was a great purchase !
 I recently purchased this coffee maker and boy did I get a wonderful deal!Since I am the only one in my household that drinks coffee I did n't want to buy a large coffee pot or buy a small one and have to deal with measuring grinds & cleaning -LRB- not very good at the first -RRB- , I decided to buy this coffee maker . The best deal would have to be at Costco ! I got this very model with 72 K-cups -LRB- assorted -RRB- and the mesh filter all for only $ 134.99 -LRB- one hundred & thirty-five dollars -RRB- !!! You definitely ca n't beat that price anywhere !!! I have greatly enjoyed my cups of coffee every morning and have definitely been saving money by not having to go to Starbucks!This is a definite buy !!!!
 I held off ordering this item for more than a year , thinking I did n't `` need '' it.Then I realized how much coffee I was wasting after brewing a pot every morning , and only having 2 or 3 cups . Silly me . Buying the adaptable filter so that I can use my own freshly ground beans makes the system so worth having . The K cups I 've tried work great , so that 's reassuring , but knowing I can make my own blend , one cup at a time ? ... amazing .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . She has been using it every day and has absolutely loved it . We 've only had it for a few weeks , but so far she really loves the fact that she can have a cup of coffee in practically no time and there is no clean up at all .
 I have had this product since February 2008 . The performance is flawless . The coffee tastes the same everytime . I also purchased the carousel and the adapter so I can use my own grind I mix . The noise is so short lived , in my opinion , I do not find it a problem . I would never go back to a different coffee system . Are there some coffees I do not like ? The answer is , yes . One option is to purchase samplers to see which you prefer . If you do not like the first cup of a particular mix , is it highly unlikely you will like the next cup because the delivery system is consistent . I keep a wide variety of K-cups to choose from for my husband and myself , as well as guests . The Ghirardelli hot cocoa is an excellent hot cocoa . I never have to toss out coffee because it is `` old '' tasting . If you find your cup of joe is a little strong for you , change your cup size `` up one '' from the menu bar . If there is a better price than Amazon.com , I could not find it . Even if it had been a little less elsewhere , I would have stuck with Amazon because you can not find better customer service anywhere .
 It 's ridiculous how much I love the Keurig B70 !! I never seemed to be able to make a small pot of consistantly good coffee . I was spending $ 1.93 every day at Dunkin Donuts . Since my Keurig arrived 3 weeks ago I have n't been to DD once ! This coffee maker makes a great cup of piping hot coffee every time in less than a minute . My kids make hot chocolate every morning - no fuss , AND no mess ! I use Green Mountain Breakfast Blend K-cups and I my estimate is that each cup costs less than 60 cents . It was worth the $ $ $ ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 I adore this coffee maker . No longer do I have to make a whole pot of coffee if I only want one cup . No longer do I have to have 2 coffee makers because my husband likes one kind of coffee and I like another . Everyone who comes to my house falls in love with this machine . I have saved so much money because I never go to Starbucks anymore . . notice their stock has dropped in value ? That 's my fault . : -RRB-
 I bought it for the convenience and it 's been paying off . I can quickly have coffee or hot water any time I need it . Ability to switch between flavors with every cup is great.When I primed it first time per the instructions , no water came out . Turns out you may need to prime it several times before water starts flowing through . I wish the manual mentioned that.The unit causes a lot of vibration which can translate to a lot of noise depending on the surface . The noise was really bothering me , so I tried what another person had said in another review . I bought gel wrist pads and placed them under the unit . Noise due to vibration is significantly reduced . I wish Keurig would improve the units so that something like that was not necessary to begin with .
 I wo n't go on and on about how great this machine is , but you will not be disappointed . If you share my lack of enthusiasm to make coffee in the morning and just ca n't get it right , this machine is for you . Even if you can make coffee , you will truly appreciate this machine . I fell in love with the vending version years ago and bought the first model that Keurig put out . When I moved to the east coast for contract work , I bought this model for my house here . You might think the kcups are a little pricey but I still think it is a machine that just can not be rivaled with other ` pod ' or one cup dispensing machines .
 I LOVE THIS . IT MAKES EXELLENT COFFEE . IT WAS EASY TO ORDER , , , , , , , DELIVERED ON TIME . 5 STARS FOR EVERTHING
 Bought this machine so we could all drink the coffee we liked - decaf , flavored , regular ... etc. . We love it . Quick , easy and delicious !
 Got this B70 several months ago . It still works beautifully . It is very pleasing to the eye . The filler system is top notch and keeps from halting in the middle of pouring a cup of coffee . I love the fact that you can do tea and coffee or even just plain water for a hot chocolate mix . Of course there are also K-cups for hot chocolate -LRB- even a yummy White Hot Chocolate -RRB- . We move ours from home into our RV when we go camping and traveling . Works just as well on the road . There are many many different k-cups to choose from and the hardest thing about the Keurig B70 is the decision regarding what flavor of coffee or tea you will make in it.It does make a loud hum when filling prior to brewing the cup , and again right after . However , I have had other brewing systems and they are louder and more grating on the nerves than the Keurig B70 . The reservoir is on the side and is very easy to fill . I feel it is much easier to fill than other systems I have had.The K-cups are no mess , where as I have had other pods you have to lift out that are hot and dripping , no problem like that with the K-cups . However , if you wish to use up the pods you have left from the old brewing system , there is a little cup that you can purchase that fits inside the K-cup holder and allows you to insert the pods . You can even brew loose coffee by using the item made for that in the k-cup holder . The amount of beverage brewed per cup is adjustable , which is another great feature . The fact that the light -LRB- blue and very pleasing -RRB- is on to show the reservoir is a great idea . It lets you be able to see exactly how much water is left and that the brewing system is on.A great little machine !
 I had heard bad things about one-cup brewers ; that the coffee tasted like instant , that they were undependable , etc. . Recently I stayed at a luxury hotel that had a Keurig in the room . I was blown away by the taste!Let me just say for the record ; nothing beats freshly ground , recently roasted beans brewed in a french press , however , who wants to go through all of that every time you want some coffee ? Then you might have some friends that want decaf or a flavored coffee . This machine takes care of that problem by allowing you to keep a wide selection of beverages available at a moments notice . Although the resulting cup is not quite as good as freshly ground , it 's very close.After reading the Amazon reviews I decided on the Keurig B70 . Yes , it does make a loud noise and vibrates , but only when drawing water from the reservoir into the machine . I can live with that . It is a beautiful gadget that has found a place of honor on my counter.The machine came with a variety of coffee pods packed-in with it . Plus , I bought several sample packs of k-cups -LRB- some from Amazon , some directly from Keurig -RRB- so that my guests would have a good choice of coffee , tea or hot cocoa -LRB- I store them on the Keurig Spinning Carousel -RRB- . So far my favorites have been the Newman 's Own Fair Trade Organic dark roast and Celestial Seasoning 's Sleepy Time tea.I have enjoyed owning this brewer so much that I purchased a B40 for work . I really recommend this item.Keurig 5060 27-Cup-Capacity K-Cup Spinning Carousel , ChromeKeurig B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System
 This is our second Keurig brewer . We had the smaller model , the B-50 , for 2-1/2 years , having received it as a housewarming gift . I believe the electronics gave out , as brewing became intermittent . I received a gift certificate for Amazon , and decided to replace the brewer , as its convenience in our house was manifest . I travel often , and my wife likes one cup or so in the morning . When not traveling , I work from home , and like one cup every couple of hours in the morning . the single-brew system is great for this situation.Features I like
 I have a Keurig B77 that I purchased from Costco . It is at least 2 years old -LRB- maybe 3 ? -RRB- with heavy daily use from 3-4 coffee drinkers . Yesterday it started overfilling the cup , water just kept pouring out and you had to turn the machine off to get it to stop . I called Keurig customer service today . He asked me to try a few things such as cleaning out the puncture needles . Turned it back on and he could hear the water pouring out . He immediately said `` I will send you a new machine . '' Now I realize they want you to continue to purchase Kcups but I still think that is awesome customer service . I just have to mail them back the cup holder piece . I definitely think I got my money 's worth and more !!!
 My co-worker and I bought this is a gift for our boss on Boss 's day . He 's the only one in the office that drinks coffee and we 'd make a whole pot for him on the old coffeemaker only to throw more than half the pot away every day because he did n't drink it all.One of the other attorney 's in the office had a Keurig and recommended it to us . The boss LOVES it . He likes that he is able to choose from a variety of coffees , and it makes a perfect cup each and every time . The gift was a hit !
 I am so happy with my Keurig B70 Platinum Coffee system . I am mostly impressed with the easiness of it 's use , and the quality and reproducibility of each and every cup of coffee I make . I highly recommend that every household have one .
 Received the device , easy to set up , easy to use , and makes a really good cup of coffee.Some k-cups are a little strong , but most people like their coffee strong . Very convenient .
 I 'd been thinking of getting one for years , but my husband would n't let me . Too expensive , he said . We 'll this one was reasonably priced on Amazon and I know I deserve it ! So we now own a wonderful Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System - otherwise known as a coffee pot.It 's perfect for empty nesters who only need a cup to get going in the morning , or those folks looking for their afternoon burst of energy ! The choice of coffees today is amazing as well -LRB- our favorites are Green Mountain and Donut Shop -RRB- . I would recommend this to all the Boomers I know !
 We love our new coffee maker . It is so easy to use . The coffee is hot and perfect . The best part for me is that we no longer have coffee grounds all over the counter and the floor .
 This by far the best coffee machine I ' v even owned . I works great with my favorite K-cup cider . I love the fact that I can choose different sizes of cups/mugs and the large water reservoir prevents me from refilling every other cup .
 I 'm not a coffee snob , but I do take the time for a good cup of morning coffee . Before the Keurig , I was brewing my coffee in a stovetop espresso pot/maker , using fresh ground beans . Other times , I 'd use the French press . A few friends had bought a Keurig and I would sort of wonder how anyone would want to spend that much money on a coffee machine for potentially mediocre results . Until ... I visited my friend and stayed with her for a few days . She only had a Keurig , and so it was the sole choice at home . The first morning , I brewed a cup , and lo and behold , `` This coffee is GOOD ! '' Not only is the coffee actually good , strong , and full-flavored , it is also so easy , quick , and there 's nothing to clean up afterward . I fell in love with that thing and upon returning home , I placed an order for my own machine!I like this model because it has the water reservoir , making it simple to just touch the `` Brew '' button and have a cup of hot coffee in less than one minute . It also gives you the option for five cup sizes - which varies the strength accordingly as well . You can also adjust the water temperature ! At this time , I left mine at the default 192F . You can set the time for your machine to heat the water and be ready to brew when you are ready to have your coffee , and also the off time so that it automatically turns off/stops keeping the water hot and ready for use . If you choose to turn it on while it has been off , it does n't take longer than a minute for the water to reheat . Impressive!In the mornings before going to work , I really appreciate the ease and quickness of this Keurig ! I do n't have to spend time measuring water , filling the pot , measuring grounds , waiting 5 minutes for it to brew , etc. , and then cleaning the pot . This may all sound petty , but if you have some money to spend on your coffee habit , it sure does make it convenient . : -RRB- I just invested in a custom K-cup to use in lieu of the ones that come pre-filled . This way , you can buy your own beans , grind them fresh , and fill the custom K-cup with your own type of coffee . It will also save money , as one package of coffee beans runs between $ 6-12 and can last well over a month , where as 18 pre-filled K-cups come in a package of 18 or so , and they cost nearly $ 12-15 . Nonetheless , it 's nice to have the option to brew any type of coffee you want , pre-filled or your own.Also , for those tea drinkers , there are tea K-cups that you can use as well . I just bought Earl Gray tea K-cups ! This has become my favorite kitchen `` gadget '' . : -RRB- Very fast shipping .
 LOVE THE BREWING SYSTEM , HOWEVER I COULD HAVE GONE TO A CHEAPER MODEL BECAUSE I DONT NEED 5 DIFFERENT SIZES OF COFFEE .
 I loved my B-70 so much I decided to buy one as a present for a relative . I do n't think this coffee maker can be beat . It has many features and makes a wonderful cup of coffee .
 If you really love coffee or tea , this is the deal ... no other way around it . I used to use a Bunn coffee maker and have a couple cups of coffee ... then , I would just have to throw away the rest of the pot . This machine allows you to just use one cup at a time . The weird thing is that this machine is programmable -- you can set it to make a cup ahead of time -- that 's crazy because from an off mode to a start mode , it only takes a few minutes.BTW , only use bottle water.Also , as a tip , Amazon sells K-cups for 50 % off on Fridays or you can go to Keurig.com and find your flavor and register and you will get free shipping.I love my Keurig so much that I have bought them for family , friends , and charity fund-raisers . All the best toYou and Yours , RL MilesChicago Book Closeoutschicagobookcloseouts@gmail.com
 I purchased this as a graduation gift for my hubby . He loves it ! It prevents him from making -LRB- and wasting -RRB- a half pot of coffee in our `` daily '' coffee maker . The varieties you can purchase are numerous ! I even purchased the `` my K-cup '' thing so we can brew our own coffee -LRB- Community Coffee from LA -RRB- . We also think it 's neat that the water holder `` glows '' in the dark a blue color . So far , this purchase is great .
 I am a daily coffee drinker . My morning routine includes brewing a pot at home and taking it to work in travel mugs or thermos , or making a pit-stop on my commute through Starbucks drive-thru . My husband purchased this for me as a gift , applying a cost/benefit analysis that while the Keurig and K-Cups are n't exactly cheap , having a personal brewer versus me spending $ $ daily at the local joe , showed substantial savings even in the short term . Over a matter of months , my Keurig has proven a sensible investment!This Keurig had a sample pack of different brands of coffee . K-cups are more readily available at the grocery store these days with several varieties
 The Keurig machine was purchased for me as a gift . I really did not think I would use it as I am a miserly old curmudgeon that makes wire out of pennies when someone tries to take them from my hand . BUT , how could I kick a gift horse in the mouth.I simply could not see myself buying k-cups of coffee for much more than a pound of beans would cost . Ya I loved the convenience but then there was also the plastic cups that ended up in the trash increasing my curmudgeonly footprint.I already had some `` Finum Brewing Baskets '' and tried them with my Keurig and they worked great . I also tried the reusable k-cup filters sold on Amazon . They did not work so well as the Finum reusable one cup filter sold on Amazon . The Finum filters are much less muss and fuss.In order to brew a cup I simply put my own ground coffee in the Finum brewing filter , place it in my cup , put my cup under the Keurig machine and let er rip . I then let the cup sit for a moment or two then take a spoon and swirl the grinds as I lift the filter out of my cup . I end up with a perfect cup with crema on the top . Frankly this makes a better cup of coffee than the Keurig K-cups , or the reusable filters that are placed in the Keurig machine , or a French press . It also allows me to control the grind , the type of coffee I buy , the amount of coffee used per cup , and the length of time in contact with the water and the keurig allows me to control the temperature ; all components of a perfect cup.It also reduces my already heathenly obnoxious American carbon footprint.Simply put I love my Keurig machine without the k-cups but with the Finum filters . What a great gift it has been . It has put a twinkle in the eye of this old curmudgeon .
 Keurig B70 Platinum was a great investment that came with a great price . Thank you so much for quick shipment and wonderful service during the whole transaction . I am thoroughly enjoying mine !! Thanks again . Have a great weekend .
 Very happy with this purchase . Easy enough to set up . I really like being able to set the beverage temperature . I like the highest setting at 192-degrees for my beverages , but others in my family do n't , and they are able to have `` cooler '' hot coffee .
 I ordered this for my wife for Mother 's Day and wanted to hold off writing a review until we had some time with it . So far , everything has been great . The model we received is actually an upgrade that has a little more water capacity -LRB- 72 , oz. , I think -RRB- . The machine works great , it 's easy to use , and very quick . After brewing a cup it 's ready to go within a minute . This is our first Keurig and the experience has been great . We never used to drink coffee at home , since we 'd only drink about a cup each , and it was n't worth the trouble of making a pot just for that . We love how it also makes tea , cider , hot cocoa , etc. . The included sample pack is nice and gives you an idea of what different coffees are like . I 'd highly recommend it to others .
 Great product . On time and coffee tastes great . Would recommend this item from keurig . Works as advertised . Could be a little less on the price but satisfied .
 Received the brewer quickly and it works like a charm ! I am so pleased ! I definitely like the various cup size options .
 I love my flavored coffee and I must say this is one of the best items I have ever bought.Easy to use looks nice.Would reconmend this for anyone who love there coffee and there is a wide range of flavor choices to choose from !
 It seems some units come with extras . I got 12 sample KCups , a water filter and a 72 oz reservoir instead of the advertised 60 oz . Got Keurig 's registration deal - buy 2 packages of KCups get 2 free , on their website .
 It works very well if you take a little time now and then to clean it as the instructions tell you . The coffee tastes are not related to the maker , but to the K-cups you use .
 Purchased our Keurig and it took about 20 cups of coffee to really settle in and now I do n't think I could live with out it ! Love it .
 bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and we both love it . The different size settings are a nice add as is the fairly high capacity reservoir . Note that if you like a stronger cup of coffee stick to the &#34; extra bold &#34; variety or brew smaller cups of the normal blends .
 I purchased a Keurig over a year ago and a month or so ago it stopped pumping water through . I only used filtered water so I did n't think there was a blockage . I searched the internet and followed all of the youtube suggestions . Nothing worked . I contacted Keurig and after a brief discussion they promised me a new one . It came quickly and works excellently .
 I initially purchased a Keurig around 2005 . It worked great until recently - even went thru a move to Hawaii with it 's destructive humidity and back to the mainland . In the first 30 days of our owning our new Keurig , we 've had to clean the flow thru the needle that punctures the K cup 4 times . When calling , the technician said that hot chocolate cups will leave a residue that causes the coffee grounds to stick . One problem - I only use coffee or put hot water thru the needle for use with tea bags . Why did this NEVER happen previously and now it 's happening about once a week . If this could be corrected , this appliance would again be at the top of my favorite kitchen tools with 5 + stars !!!
 I never thought I 'd spend so much money for a coffee maker , however , I have been looking for this type of brewing system for a loooong time . I absolutley love it . No fuss , no mess , ready all the time for whatever I want ... and really fast . Pleasant to the eye , too . I love the blue light that shines thru the water and on the menu panel . I recommend this highly to all coffee , tea , and cocoa drinkers who want an easy , instant beverage brewer that has all the necessary features you will ever need ... definitely the last coffee brewer I will ever need . Thank you , Keurig !!!!!
 We got it on a recommendation of a friend . Works as advertised - no complaints . One feedback to Keurig - would be nice if switching between the pre-packaged K-cups and the optional My K-cup does n't require juggling hardware
 I am the only one in the house that drinks coffee , and my usual cup of coffee is from a jar of instant folgers that lasts for 3 or 4 months . My wife gave me this as a Christmas present and it is so cool and so efficient at what it does . A perfect cup of coffee or tea or cocoa every time , and an amazing variety of coffees to choose from .
 I agree with all the other customers who gave this product a great review . One note of caution - the product comes shipped in a box that clearly identifies the product . This was supposed to be a gift , but I was n't at home and my boyfriend got it when FedEx delivered . Oops . I guess he got an early Christmas gift . : -RRB-
 Works great and there is a fine selection of coffees and teas available . Shipping was 2 days ! Not sure the B70 was worth the extra money , but it looks great !
 Not being heavy coffee drinkers this works great for us . It even tells you when it 's time to change or filter the water . My wife loves it !
 Love it . My only complaint is that the coffee is weak if it 's on the larger cup settings . But , I do n't use those settings very often .
 We bought this coffeemaker to replace our first Keurig -LRB- which still worked , but only could make one size of cup ; it was the small business model -RRB- . We love this coffeemaker because of the programmable ability and you can also select the size cup of coffee you want to make . The only drawback is that this maker is noisy . Every time the pump draws in water from the reservoir , it vibrates so you can hear it in another room . We had to put cork hotpads under it to only somewhat reduce the vibration noise .
 Love the machine ; it is so convenient especially when you live in a house with one coffee drinker and one tea drinker that wo n't convert . I know the k-cups are more expensive but when you just want one cup , it beats having to deal with the coffee pot . PS , do n't bother with the k-cups hot chocolate , they are not worth it .
 We love the Keurig concept for coffee making . One cup at a time , and the coffee is always fresh ! We have this same model , and bought one for a friend that was leaving middle Georgia to go to Colorado . She loved the coffee maker , so we bought her one to remember us by . My wife and I love `` strong '' coffee , and we 've found several that are `` bold '' enough to make a `` full '' cup of coffee . Most of the flavored coffees -LRB- great in the late afternoon as a `` pick-me-up -RRB- we use , we select the smaller cup size so that we can enjoy the full flavor . This is a great product , and Amazon is one of the better places -LRB- price wise -RRB- to buy the coffee too !
 After spending the holidays with my sister and her Tassimo , I decided to use my gift cards to purchase a single brewing coffee system . Since my intention is to use the machine to offer coffee to my clients during their 50 minute sessions with me , I had several specs that I wanted to consider between the two machines ; cost , convenience , noise level made while brewing , time to brew , and size of machine.After comparing reviews , I seemed to find the Bosch Tassimo to have better reports . Since it is the machine my sister uses -LRB- and bought for other people as gifts -RRB- I figured it would be the better choice . When I called my sister to report my purchase , she told me that they had wished they had bought the Keurig instead ! And simply for the fact that the availability to K-cups is 20 to 1 where we live . Also , when I went to buy the T-cups for the Tassimo , I realized that the cost of some of the drinks was double because they included a milk cup in the box -LRB- making half the amount I had originally thought -RRB- . The cost factor was the biggest reason that I inevitably decided to return the Tassimo and exchange for the Keurig B70 Platinum . I was also able to find a demo model on clearance for $ 85 and it works perfectly - and is very fast and quiet!Although I would have liked to be able to offer the fancier drinks to my clients , it seemed like it would be a lot costlier in the end .
 I got this Keurig for Mom as a Christmas present ... you cant make a cup of coffee hot enough for her asbestos tounge !! Until now ! She loves the Green Mnt . bold k-cups .
 This is very easy to use . There are k cups for regular coffee , decaf , tea and hot chocolate . Being a non-coffee drinker , i can make a cup of coffee for someone and know that they it will be just right ! I can have hot chocolate while someone else in the family has coffee . It brews quickly . I am very glad we bought this machine .
 I love the Keurig . It is so easy to make a quick cup of coffee in . I especially like the overflow catcher at the bottom that catches the excess liquid if you set it to a higher volume than your cup size .
 I am amazed by the quality of the coffee . I first tried it when I was in an office in New York and was thoroughly impressed.What 's more is this is a full machine , and it 's the price point is actually fair . It 's not some ritzy $ 500 + cappuccino machine . It 's $ 150-200 for this great unit.You use these things called `` K-cups '' -LRB- Single serving -RRB- , put them in , and brew . Voila , great coffee.What 's best is you can do Tea * and * Coffee . There are many varieties to choose from -LRB- Try the Kona blend , it 's delicious.Timothy 's World Coffee , Kona Blend , K-Cups for Keurig Brewers , 24-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- -RRB- . Amazon has many k-cup refills . Also , check your local Target .
 I got this model for Christmas and I adore it . It 's so easy to use and the coffee is ready in seconds .
 This coffee maker is AMAZING ! I have the B70 model and mine is very quiet and turns out a perfect cup of coffee everytime ! There are many different varietys of coffees to choose from and it 's definitely cheaper than going to Starbucks , or Dunkin Donuts . I love my Keurig K-Cup coffee every bit as much as Starbucks , so I 'm actually going to save money which is always a great thing ! I absolutely love Keurig !
 The The KEURIG ' r Box makes a mean cup of joe . So far I 'm not that impressed with the k-cups taste , but I do n't really care to keep buying these anyway . The add on my-kcup works great to make a cup with your own brand of coffee beans .
 Love our new Keurig B70 . Really enjoy how easy it is to use , ease of cleanup , and it delivers a great cup of coffee . We are enjoying trying different things in ti , and are finding favorites ! We bought the my K-Cup as well , and found that easy to use as well . So , no worries about not having favorites that are n't available as K-cups . Husband really enjoys the iced tea setting in this model , and it saves him from spending so much money at the corner coffee house on getting his `` tea fix ! ''
 This is the best single cup brewer on the market ! I ca n't say enough great things about it . Three different friends came over after I got it for dinner , and now each one of them has one of their own ! LOL . Coffee is great -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , hot chocolate , white hot chocolate , English Breakfast tea , and the best choices for coffee you could ask for . -LRB- The most important part to me !!! -RRB-
 My wife received this single-cup Keurig coffee maker for 2011 Christmas and set it up so she 'd have a blend of her choice on the way to work . We have wildly different tastes when it comes to coffee plus I 'm more of a tea drinker , so having a single cup system is awesome , plus this maker looks like it 's from space with its bright blue lighting and stylish design.Now when I came to Amazon to write my review I was surprised at some of the negative ones . I can understand those folks disparaging the unit dying and hopefully ours will work for years , but I also noted several negs that I think could be due to just not reading the manual or possibly not taking into account this unit 's little quirks.Mrs Vynrod has it set up on the timer mode as she leaves very early . The first time I came down to get my own coffee several hours later the Keurig had gone to ` sleep ' with just the time showing with ` auto off ' on the display , and seemingly no matter how much I fiddled with it or pressed the buttons I could n't get it to wake up . Eventually I hit the power button on the back which is actually a spring loaded wake up button - it 's not an on/off switch . As soon as I did that the machine fired up and began to fill and heat the water reservoir so I added my single blend and waited for it to notify me that it was ready to brew . Well this is where another quirk kicked in as apparently if you open and close the unit -LRB- to add the coffee roast cup -RRB- before the right time the machine says it 's ready for you but it 's not . I had to re-open and then close the loading mechanism and then hit brew . Then I got my coffee!Now this may all sound like a pain but really it 's just part of the safety mechanism and once you understand the order in which things are done it works perfectly . Also if you keep the maker turned on all the time then none of this would be an issue.Of course with a radically different coffee maker like this it helps to factor in the individual cup cost and I started to calculate how much a Keurig cup of coffee cost versus say a standard cup . It may seem more expensive and ultimately it is but not as much as it may seem initially . One important element you have to take into account is wastage ; with a standard coffee maker very often you end up with half an entire jug of coffee sitting there going cold and nasty and then just thrown away in favor of a new pot . Plus a standard coffee maker sits there all day with an active heating plate burning electricity as long as the coffee maker is on . I presume the Keurig also has a heating element but its cycle seems less frequent with it boiling the water on demand rather than retaining hot water so it 's instantly available . And finally you should take into account convenience and really there 's nothing more convenient than your chosen brew ready in less than thirty seconds , especially when the next user can select a completely different drink from coffee to tea to hot chocolate and beyond.So I 'm confident in the unit , happy with the resulting drink and associated cost of each cup and the gadget freak in me think it looks awesome . Cheers .
 I 've used this at home daily for over 4 years now and love it . Have not had a single problem , except I finally got the `` descale '' blinking word last week and so have run white vinegar through it several times to clean it -LRB- per product instructions -RRB- . Seems to be back to working normally now .
 Since I got this Product I got one more for my Business . Simply love this Coffee maschine . Makes the best Cup of Coffee you ever had . Very easy to operate , no mess to clean up and always fresh . What a great invention . Would really recomment this this Coffee maker to anyone .
 I have had this machine for over a year now and I love it ! It brews several different sizes of cups so it is very flexible . Fantastic for parties , or just for myself . I use it with the reusable filter most of the time and every now and then I 'll pull out my special k-cups .
 I 've been using this product for about five months now and I can attest it honestly makes some of the best coffee I 've ever tasted . No longer must I pay $ 10/day for some Starbucks when I 've got better inside my house .
 I have had the capresso grind and brew model . I also have a nespresso capsule espresso machine . I was a little bit reluctant to get into the the keurig / pod coffee systems but now find it far superior to the old brew a pot of coffee routine . The coffee is quick and very hot , the variety is nice and there is little to no wasted coffee and you never have to worry about how much to make . Oh yeah and you do n't have to clean anything up if you are using the K-pods . There is no flavor sacrifice , if you like a stronger coffee get the `` bold '' cups . You can also tweak the strength by using the 3 different brew options . FYI - if you love a nice shot of espresso with crema - get a Nespresso - the Keurig wo n't do that for you . This machine has given me - more counter space , quicker more convenient coffee without sacrificing flavor , and less waste . Really do n't hit the coffee shop anymore .
 I am very pleased with my Keurig B70 . It easy and fast to use . I love the different varieties of coffee and tea offered . I now can enjoy a cup of coffee or tea anytime during the day without the hassles of a conventional coffee maker and so I do . I do miss it when out of town . I am considering getting one for my small office staff so they and I can enjoy it at work .
 I actually received mine for a Christmas gift . Absolutely love the convenience , the coffee pod quality , and the modern look of the machine . It looks great in the kitchen and always draws a comment from visitors . I purchased one for my son-in-law as a birthday gift - he loves it , especially the feature that allows you to fill a thermos .
 I saw one of these in a salon and was impressed to the point I bought one , the B70 . Very well constructed , and easy to use.Wide range of coffee , tea , flavored coffee and even chocolate single-serve K-cups available plus , an accessory pod to use with your own coffee - if you MUST have your own stuff every day .
 Makes great coffee - quickly . Thid model is whisper quiet , I am enjoying all of the different coffee varieties . Well worth the money .
 My first experience with Keurig coffee maker was at work when one was brought in as a trial - I loved the brew from the machine . When I received money as a Christmas gift I decided to use it to purchase my own Keurig - it is truly a coffee lovers machine - the coffee is never bitter the temperature is just right and you can even buy a reusable cup so you can be more environmentally friendly . I highly recommend this machine .
 After hemming and hawing for nearly a year about this machine , I finally bit the bullet and bought the Keurig Platinum last month , after I did n't get one for Christmas -LRB- as I was hoping -RRB- . I was actually mostly happy with the brewer I 'd had for less than a year , a Capresso with thermal carafe , but as a 1-2x / week coffee drinker , I wanted something that would give me just one cup , and something that would taste exactly the same each time . Oh yeah , and something my husband would use . He drinks more coffee than me and in the almost 12 months we used the Capresso , he never once made coffee . -LRB- Men . Sheesh . -RRB- The first single-cupper I 'd tried was the Tassimo . Eh on taste , but I liked the novelty . I first set my sights on the Keurig Breville ... surely at that price point the coffee would taste better than the Tassimo , and I sure liked how it looked . Then last summer I had the opportunity to try a few cups of different coffees in a Keurig B-60 . I liked it ! But I still had that Capresso , which worked just found and made great coffee . It was n't until this Christmas , when I stayed at my mom 's for a week and got the chance to play with her B-40 that I decided I must.have.my.own.In deciding which model to buy , I considered the Breville , B-40 , and B-60 , but ultimately decided on the B-70 Platinum . The only turn-off that I 'd experienced with my mom 's B -- 40 was the noise factor . Not terrible -- much like the sounds of a machine that grinds it 's beans just prior to brewing -- but I could just picture the look on my husband 's face if I brought home a brewer that sounded like that . Luckily , the new B-70 has some sort of Quiet Brew Technology -- it 's true , it purrs like a kitten ! -- and that 's not an issue . I would have liked to spend a little less that I did on my B-70 , but in the end I decided that I needed more brew-size options than the lower models offered . My husband prefers to drink his coffee out of tea cups so I needed that size . Moreover , I am newly obsessed with iced coffee . The new B-70s offer an additional cup size -LRB- 4 oz , I think -RRB- that allow you to fill your tumbler with ice then brew the coffee -LRB- or tea , if you choose -RRB- in that 4 oz concentrated setting and , voila , you 've got fabulous iced coffee . I might have been tempted to consider the Breville if it had offered the iced drink option -LRB- I 'm pretty sure it does n't -RRB- or the Quiet Brew -LRB- it definitely does n't , not presently at least -RRB- , but thankfully those lack of options kept it out of the running . The B-70 might not be as pretty , but it still looks nice.So how has the Keurig changed my life ? Well , I think I 've become addicted to coffee . It 's that good . I only drank coffee before b/c I liked the taste -- I am impervious to the effects of caffeine -- and the pain of dealing with making a pot of coffee resulted in me making it only occasionally . Since bringing home the Keurig a month ago , I 've had coffee daily . Mostly I drink it with half a glass of milk and a smidge of creamer , using the iced coffee option . It is freaking devine . My husband has at least a cup a day as well , and * I * do n't have to make it for him.Next stop is one of those K-cups that I can put my own coffee in . Now that I 'm drinking more coffee , I 'm spending more , so it would be prudent to at least try using my own coffee.Bottom line ... . I love this machine and am so glad I finally bought it !
 We are certified `` gadget gurus '' so this machine was totally for us . Not to mention we LOVE coffee ! My husband french-presses Starbucks for us every morning , which , if you are a `` french-presser '' you know you just ca n't get a better cup of coffee -- but it has its limits in terms variety and flexibility and takes a good amount of effort . We wanted the machine so we could have more variety and have a cup whenever we felt like it without the hassle . We are so glad we went for the `` upgrade '' and got the B-70 . It is so sleek . They suggest keeping the power on at all times so it is ready to go . It literally takes 30 seconds and its ready to sip ! It takes me longer than that to choose which mug to use ! ; -RRB- We are hoping Starbucks gets on board and starts making K-Cups -- but until then , we are going to use the `` My K-Cup '' filter . Just picked it up today and plan on breaking it in tomorrow !
 I urge you not to listen to those `` coffee aficionados '' that are writing about the weakness of the coffee . I have had my coffee maker for a week now , and have tried 8 different blends of coffee , from the light breakfast blends to the the more robust blends . I am using the highest water volume setting , 11.25 ounces . The coffee that comes from this excellent coffee maker is not weak , even at those settings . In fact , everyone who has tried coffee from my maker has commented that the coffee , if anything , is a little strong even at the highest setting . My wife 's company with an office of 25 uses the Keurig machine , at hundreds of cups per month . Many of the guys like the strongest blends , like Dark Magic . Even the ones who like a real strong cup of coffee add a little water to their cups to weaken it . So do n't be hesitant just because of a few picky critics.Regarding the maker itself , I have to say that it is a thing of beauty to look at . The blue hue with the lights makes it look great , if not a bit gaudy.It heats up quickly for the next cup . I use the highest temperature setting of 192 degrees F , and that is one hot cup of coffee . Much hotter than I got out of my regular coffee maker . I like the ability to just get hot water out of the machine . You can change the default temperature of the water if you do n't like such a hot cup of coffee that you have to wait to drink.I love the timer settings . It has an auto off feature that will automatically turn off the maker as early as 1 hour from non-use . It also has a timer to allow you to turn on the coffee maker in the morning and off later in the day . I have mine set for 8 am to go on , and 4 pm to go off.You can get over 100 types of coffees , including teas and hot chocolate . Also , I recommend getting the optional filter basket/cup where you can use your own coffee to make a cup . It should have been included , but of course they are making all of their money on the coffee . I found two places online where I get the coffee at 40 cents per cup by buying a quantity of about 7 boxes or a 75 buck order . That actually is n't too much coffee to buy as you will find yourself drawn to the coffee machine to make a quick cup whereas in the past you did n't want to bother because of the time and mess . Speaking of mess , I have been using mine for a week and I still do not have a single drop of mess , and there is nothing to clean . just pull the used cup and throw it in the garbage . The used cups are well drained when a cup of coffee is made , and there is no leakage.The only thing I can not comment on is the durability of the unit . It seems well built , but only time will tell . It sounds like Keuring will stand behind their product if something goes wrong , based upon other reviews.I just bought a second one of these for home . I went with the top of the line unit because I can get a large cup of coffee from it .
 I like coffee from Starbucks , to give you a point of reference . I typically drink their regular -LRB- not bold roast -RRB- with cream and sugar . I do not drink ` cheap ' coffee - I hate it . At home we use an old fashioned percolator which can make some strong stuff . We grind our own beans fresh.What I expected from this machine was a convenient , maybe tolerable , maybe not tolerable cup of coffee.The first cup was a bold serving and it was actually good , almost as good as the percolator . Really surprising . The serving size was also a concern , but it appears to be pretty good . This will probably not be economical because now I will drink way more than the one cup a day I have been . Definitely would recommend this unit .
 Do not let it be said that you were not warned . this coffee maker is so good that my coffee consumption went from 1 cup a day to 4 or 5 now . Hot , Fresh , Perfect coffee every time it just too good .
 We had a tassimo machine for years . We liked it because it made lattes . That machine just broke down , so we started looking at other options . We were spening a lot of money on coffee and wanted a machine that let us use a fillable filter . Since you can adjust cup size with this machine , you can make an espresso shot . We bought a frother and we make great lattes with this machine . We are saving money since we use the generic coffee filter 80 % of the time . I would recommend making the switch from tassimo .
 Make sure you shop around for this brewer.it is so far a wonderful upgrade from first single cup brewer from keurig that has functioned flawlessly for two years . I was able to purchase the B 70 Platinum for $ 108 dollars from Kohls after store discount and Mfg rebate .
 I purchased my Keurig Elite 2yrs ago . It made perfect coffee from the get go . My husband and I , like so many other reviewers , have different coffee needs and a conventional coffeemaker just would n't fit the bill . I like my espresso caffeine jolt and he likes decaf . Could n't get any more different than than that . I absolutely love this machine and will buy another when this one has called it quits . I am even getting my co-workers to purchase one for our small office because the commercial brand we have turns out dishwater weak , tasteless coffee that no one drinks and it 's usually dumped before noon.I could not be happier with this machine . I am waiting for it to stop working and every day that it works is another pat on the back to Keuring for a well made product . I have read hundreds of reviews on this and other models of Keurig and have come to the realization that , like a used car , some get a good one and a few , very few , get lemons . I did not get a lemon . I got a gem that makes great coffee every time !
 It is a wonderful way to get a great cup of coffee . I will never use paper filters and coffee grounds again !
 I like the fact of how easy it is to make a cup of coffee every morning . I do not like the fact of how expensive Keurig coffee is - I know there are other options to use your own coffee - so I 'll be looking into that .
 I love the Keurig ! I used to use an older coffee pot and ended up throwing coffee down the drain . Keurig is perfect . I brew whatever I want 1 cup at a time and no waste . And it 's much cheaper than Starbuck 's or Carribou . This is one of the best purchases I 've made recently . And it was very well packaged . It arrived in excellent condition .
 This is a great machine ! I had a Gevalia pod machine for about a year before I got this machine . There is no comparison . The coffee is a lot hotter and there is no dripping mess of removing a wet soggy pod . There is a much greater selection of coffee . My kids love the hot chocolate . The best thing is I purchased a separate single serve K-cup filter for about $ 10.00 . With this I can use any kind of ground coffee , make any size cup at any strength I want . Another great feature is that it will make tea which is the only hot drink my husband likes . There is a great selection of teas . All in all this is a fantastic machine !
 I loved the coffee maker when I got it but after two weeks it would n't work correctly which was annoying - I called customer service and they sent we another one which took a week and a half to get . So far it has been three weeks and it is working fine . I love the idea of having coffee on demand and so many coffee choices is great . Still have n't decided which brand and roast I like the best . I plan to use this coffee maker for a long time to come as long as there are no more problems . It is really great .
 No mess , great coffee , one fresh coffee at a time ... I still do n't know what is quiet ... but noise is only for a moment
 My mother , sister , and I all have this unit in our homes . We all love it . The coffee varieties available for this unit are good and cover a wide variety of tastes . I recommend getting the `` My K-cup '' accessory for those of you with very particular taste in coffee and tea , it allows you to use you own favorite brand of coffee and tea in the unit , something which some other systems do n't appear to have the ability to do . The only problem we have discovered is that the ease of use , causes us to drink more coffee and tea .
 I would have given this brewer 5 stars if it had not quit working on me.I purchased my Keurig B-70 early November and it worked perfectly for nearly two months . In late December it just stopped working . I was extremely disappointed at the timing of it all , but I was happy with Keurig 's handling of the problem . They shipped a new brewer within 24 hours of my calling.Because I loved the product so much I am going to give the brewer one more chance . I love the variety of roasters that are available with this brewer and the coffee is good .
 I checked out all the single serve coffee makers before I bought this . It has the best variety of coffee available and the large water reservoir is a must if you have a few people in the house drinking coffee.I still use my regular coffee pot to brew 8 cups for the morning , but this is great for a single cup in the afternoon or after diner . I never thought I 'd have a use for this , but now I wish I had bought it ages ago .
 Excellent coffee machine that needs minimal cleaning with a perfect cup of Joe every time . The only time I will need to pull out the traditional machine is if I 'm hosting and one or two cups just wo n't due . No filters/mess ever . Within minutes brewed cup perfect everytime . No need to go any further - just buy it .
 I wish this product was described better . I figured the one I bought was best because it did a 12 oz cup . I really enjoy a good cup of coffee . That is great , but there needs to be a certain amount of water in the reservoir in order for it to work . It is recommended that bottled or filtered water be used . That means that some is wasted daily . I have not measured it but I think it might be around 6 ozs . Bottled water is not expensive but it is n't cheap either . There is nothing on the web sites that say this . With all the technology , there is a better way . The smaller brewers that you pour in the water that you need one time only is the way to go , I believe . This is a case of not being truthful . I researched this alot before I bought , but I am not totally satisfied and spent alot for something that in the end costs some every day that I use it because of bottled water that ends up having to be thrown out . Sorry . I did not go to a store and watch demonstrations , my fault . I would not have bought it .
 Pros
 We love this coffee maker . No more wasted coffee . Makes great iced tea , too ! And , the kids love the hot chocolate and cider !!
 What more can you ask for ? My favorite feature is that you can set the time to 5 mins before you wake up and the water water will be ready for you when you get to the kitchen . Put in a K cup , push the buttom and in like 30 secs you have a freshly brewed cup of coffee . This looks really nice on my counter too and very easy to keep clean . Oh btw , using this without a K cup on the lowest cup setting makes the perfect amount of hot water for your oatmeal too .
 I have been a loyal Starbucks client for years and enjoy a super rich cup of coffee , more like a small with a shot of espresso in it . This little one cup brewer does the job much less mess and fuss . I set my brew to the smallest cup and make a double and I am off to the races -LRB- if like me you race around a desk and files and co-workers -RRB- . I bought some of their stock first thing this morning . I had reservations as it got some low reviews but for me it is wonderful and no more throwing out half pots of coffee .
 We were not really coffee drinkers before except for the occasional coffee shop or fast food stop . We bought this as a cheap and easy way to get coffee at home and also provide for the varying tastes of our guests . We compared to the one that was a little cheaper and one model lower -LRB- B-60 I believe -RRB- as well as the other brand that does single-serve coffee.Ownership
 Had to wait 6 weeks from Amazon for this brewer . Then the order was finally cancelled so I bought it from JR and got it in three days .
 After reading numerous reviews , I decided that this machine was probably a good choice for my work location . Granted only two people use the coffee machine on a regular basis , but it has withstood our use/abuse for over 6 months . After running the recommended empty brew cycles , we experienced no negative plastic smells or flavors . We love that we can brew both hot and cold drinks -- just fill your cup with ice and use the smallest drink setting , and -LRB- voila ! -RRB- you have an iced tea or an iced chai latte.I would advise new users to be advised that the floating water level sensor can cause an issue . There is a certain level at which no refill indicator is lit ; although , there appears to be enough water in the reservoir . At this point , the machine sounds as if it is going to brew , then completely shuts off . I initally thought I had purchased a faulty machine , but after some basic troubleshooting I discovered the issue -- the machine needs more water . Outside of this issue , I believe a child or even a mentally challenged person could operate this machine . On that note , keep this machine out of reach of children ; there are two a very sharp needle-like puncture tools inside the K-cup holding area that one could be hurt on.I would recommend this machine to anyone looking for a home brewer or an office brewer that has a light load . I caution you to research the cost of the K-cups before making this purchase ; the K-cups often cost upwards of 50 cents each . The Keurig is not a machine for those who want cheap coffee , but it does provide coffee on demand-for a price !
 I have bought 4 of the Keurig coffee brewers over the past 4 years . I have the B60 , the B70 and also the newer commercial or personal one . I love that you can get a fresh cup of coffee whatever type you want whenever you want . What I do n't like is that each of these brewers has lasted only about a year before they broke down on me .
 My aunt has a Keurig and I just bought one for my mother and one for me because we like the coffee and the coffeemaker so much ! Her coffeemaker was giving her trouble - not pumping water through . She tried every cleaning method recommended by Keurig , then she took a can of compressed air . like the kind you use to clean out computers . She put it over the opening as tight as she could as she did not have the `` straw '' on her can . The `` clog '' in the water tube dislodged and water sprayed out . -LRB- Do this when the machine is cool as hot water can burn ! -RRB- Her Keurig is now working great ! She says clean it regularly as instructed and use the can of compressed air if the tube stops up !
 I purchased the Keurig Platinum from Kohl 's on sale for $ 160 , and received an additional 15 % discount . I was reluctant to buy it because of several recent posts about the loud noise it makes and recent `` manufacturing '' problems -LRB- quits working after little use -RRB- . I finally decided I would take a chance and if it did n't work could always take it back . This is what I found : - makes great coffee . . still trying the sampler pack to see what I like best . - nice looking machine . - very quiet , not noisy at all . The Krumps I previously used was much nosier . - does not splatter -LRB- like the Krumps did -RRB- So far , I like everything about it and am happy with the purchase.Update
 My husband and I argued over purchasing this unit . He said he had used this machine in other places and the coffee was horrible . I still wanted to try it , after looking at all the coffee choices and reading reviews . A local warehouse store -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- told me I could return it , no matter what , so I just came home with it one day . Good decision ! Here 's why : Some say the coffee is n't strong enough . They just have n't tried the right kind yet . You must buy Extra Bold if you want a true coffee-house taste . Coffee People brand has some of the best we 've tired so far . We both love it . Just play with the cup size until you get the strength you want . Most CP k-cups will make a strong cup , even on the largest setting.We get to choose according to our own tastes - no compromising - YAY ! I can choose flavored -LRB- which my hisband hates -RRB- , or to make my second cup decaf - a huge plus.There are SO MANY types of coffee to choose from . We started with variety packs to determine what we liked best.Yes , if you do the math , it is a lot more expensive per cup than a traditional home brewer . We think it is totally worth the extra $ $ $ . We drink appx . 4 cups in the morning , so it 's $ 1.60 per day , if you 're buying the large pack k-cups through Amazon.It is ready any time of day we want it , in about one minute . Ca n't beat that . AND NO CLEANING !!!! Huge for me , as I came to hate our Cuisinart Grind-n-Brew , because it just seemed like such a pain to clean every day.I hope this helps anyone who is on the fence , like I was . I have NO REGRETS about this purchase . After three months , we still LOVE it !
 I recently purchased the B-70 model Keurig single cup home brewing system.Since I only drink about one cup of coffee per day , my daughter saw this on Amazon and provided the link.I received the coffee system in very short order.I absolutely love it . It serves my purpose beautifully . Some of the K-cups are a little strong for my taste , so I am still experimenting with different types of coffee . My husband had a cup of Earl Gray tea from the Keurig and he said it was absolutely the best cuppa tea he has ever had . And believe me that is pretty high praise coming from something who is very picky.Since it is so easy to use I find I sometimes drink TWO cups of coffee a day.There is no clean up , no leftover coffee to throw away . The brewing system is a little pricey up front ; however , I will be saving in that there is no left over coffee to throw away.Some people have complained about its noisiness but I find it makes no more noise than my regular coffee pot did -- which is now being sent to GoodWill .
 Christmas was close and I told someone that I wanted this for my christmas present the following year they laughed and said they knew I couldnt wait that long and I couldnt , bought it for myself , First week of January my new Keurig was sitting on my counter , lol along with about 10 cases of K cups , this machine is FANTASTIC !!! If youre anything like me waiting that 3 minutes for a cup of coffee in the microwave is quite frankly painful !!! I work a crazy night shift at a hospital and I want my coffee like yesterday !!! This machine gives you a great cup of coffee in hmmmm 30 seconds ... easy to use , turn it on , fill it with water , pop in a kcup , and coffees on its way , I no longer go to Dunkins which I did every night on my way work , I enjoy the coffee that much ... I have to admit I was quite amazed at this machine and really did overload on my coffee intake but I couldnt help it , I was just amazed at how simple it was to use and how good the coffee was ... beware lol I couldnt buy enough Kcups , the poor UPS driver must have been wondering what I was doing , almost daily he was delivering coffee ... do yourself a favor , shop for your cups at Amazon ... find ones you like and order auto delivery , quite a savings , can you tell I love this machine :-RRB- I do go on ... dont I ???
 Overall I 'm impressed with this single cup brewing system , seems to be perfect if you 're looking to brew a serving or two of coffee . There is no measuring of coffee grinds to water and almost zero clean up . Although there are a decent selection of K-Cups , it seems not all varieties are available in grocery stores yet . Also , the price per cup is higher than your traditional coffee machine but still lower than the coffee shop on your street corner.The the digital controls on this are not very intuitive and difficult to navigate . You can indeed brew several cup sizes , set the water temperature -LRB- 191F max -RRB- and set the timer to power on the machine in preparation for brew . You can also set ` auto - power off ' feature which is nice if you are on the go . This brewer does look sharp and adds a nice touch to any kitchen.Keurig should include the reusable filter with this purchase , I bought it separately for $ 15 . It 's basically a plastic attachment piece with a filter basket so you can brew your own coffee grinds .
 This is a wonderful coffee maker ; however , after a couple of months of using it , it started acting up . If the coffee maker is n't used daily it starts acting up . It will just say brewing and suck in the water and then it will sit there for several minutes doing nothing and then the screen will go back to the home screen saying `` ready to brew '' if you press brew again it will suck up more water and might or might not work . The excess water squirts back into the reserve and more water than the selected size will come out . I have descaled a couple of times and barely anything came out so I do n't think it 's that . Not really sure why it only acts up some of the time . Other than this fluke it 's wonderful . I have gotten in the habit of running it once before actually brewing coffee so I do n't waste a k-cup . If it was n't for the machine acting up within a couple months I would have given it 5 stars . Not sure I would buy another ... seems several are having issues .
 This was bought for us as a gift and we are so thankful for it ! My mom got it for us while I was pregnant because I was trying to avoid caffeine as much as possible , while my husband still wanted his daily morning dose . This coffee maker is the perfect solution and allows us both to have what we want / need . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because of the cost of the K-cups . I anticipate that once we 're both `` on caffeine '' we 'll go back to our regular coffee maker due to the cost savings we 'll see . But , the Keurig will still be nice to have for those occasions when only one of us wants a cup of coffee and we do n't want to make an entire pot .
 Love this machine . My favorite coffee maker by far . It 's so versatile and convenient . The only con is that the coffee is quite expensive by comparison to a regular machine . But that should n't be too much of a surprise . The convenience of not having to mess with coffee grinds and filters outweighs cost . The iced coffee feature is fabulous . I 've tried making iced coffees at home with my other machines and they never tasted very good . This machine does the trick ! It also doubles as a great espresso if you so desire . I love being able to accommodate so many different tastes when company comes over . You ca n't do that with a carafe machine -LRB- not well anyways -RRB- .
 I enjoy making espresso with this machine . The automatic buttons on the top right hand side are easy to read . The machine takes about minute or so to warm up the water . The water on the left side is easily accessible . This machine does n't function as nicely as the Nespresso machines , which automatically drop the `` cups '' into a deposit area in the machine . The Nespresso machine is more efficient , and smaller.However , the main benefit of this machine is the possibility of using any ground coffee in the reusable cups . Great machine , but could be better .
 I got one of these through Amazon at Thanksgiving time 2009 . We loved it !! Late February the brewer started the `` shutdown after each cup '' problem that seem to bedevil these otherwise fine units . Were out of the 90 day Amazon return window and so contacted Keurig . They did n't balk , FedEx-ed me a new unit with the included 12 cup assortment and a gift cert for $ 27 at their k-cup store . I 'll be reporting on the new unit in a few months !!! 1st rate customer service in my book !!
 Simply wonderful . This machine is terrific and brews heavenly coffee . It comes with a small assortment of coffees and a tea sample . All of them are terrific . We bought a couple of additional items , one is the little K-cup that lets you use your own gourmet coffee . I like some of the coffees sold in our local grocery , so this is essential . We also got a 50 pack of the Coffee People Donut coffee . Oh my . It 's like going to Dunkin' Donuts . Awesome . We love our new Keurig . If you do n't ever drink iced coffee or do n't need a travel mug sized portion , you can save $ 30 and get the B-60 . We wanted the full versatility of the B-70 .
 I 'm not always comfortable buying something used ... online ... from someone I do n't know . but i took a chance and I 'm glad i did . Fast delivery ... excellent price ... and the product works perfectly .
 My wife and I gave each other this Keurig B-70 brewing system for Christmas and have given it a real workout since opening the box ! We had absolutely no problems getting it up and brewing . The setup is very short and simple . Keurig included a small variety pack with the unit but we also purchased a larger variety pack that had more choices of coffee . The unit heats up from a cold start in just under 4 minutes and takes about a minute or less to produce a terrific cup of coffee . There 's also hot chocolate and hot tea for the Keurig that my wife enjoys . All in all , it 's well worth the money !
 The wife is the coffee drinker , she is happy with this Keurig , so that makes me happy and a great product . We have not had any problems with it .
 I love this machine ! It has replaced my coffee maker and tea kettle . More space on my counter and more selections to choose from ! My husband and daughter love the Chai tea and my son goes nuts over the Cocoa !
 We have 2 Keurig single cup coffee machines . This one was a replacement for a Keurig machine that I had for about 4 years and made over 10,000 cups of coffee . What a great improvement in noise , looks and functionability from older machines . Buy you will be very happy . Makes Great Coffee
 I love my Kreurig ! Always a fresh cup of coffee which sure beats the bottom of a pot . I also like the instant hot water for my own selections of tea . The large reservoir is a great feature as well . And it takes up less space than my 14 cup !
 I bought this for work , but use it at home too ... so easy to use , and makes wonderful coffee , cocoa , and cider . Highly recommend . I usually only drink a couple of cups a day , so it works great for me . I could never drink a pot of coffee ... but this is awesome .
 First , I want to apologize to those of you hoping to read these reviews and find a way NOT to spend so much money on a coffee maker . But , we LOVE LOVE LOVE this coffee maker . My husband and I are practical people . I saw the Keurig YEARS ago . I was intrigued but could not justify spending the money . So , we bought our second `` no frills '' Krups . It did n't even have a timer . That is how cheap we are ! Well , our Krups just quit pumping the water recently . We were in the market for a new coffee maker . We are a family of 5 . Our kids are young . My husband and I only have about 1 or 2 cups per day . We both like different types of coffee and different strengths . He likes his weak . I like mine a little stronger . It was a never ending battle . And , I do n't get to have my coffee right away . I have kids needing my attention . Sometimes , I ca n't get a cup until after lunch ! So , the coffee pot would sit there on and burning the coffee . I would either reheat in the microwave or start over . We wasted a lot of water , coffee , and filters for the little bit we needed or just dealt with some crappy coffee so we would n't waste it . My kids also have an affinity for hot chocolate ! What kid does n't ? And , when we are sick , we like our herbal tea . I also would like to have decaf in the evening with dessert , but I am not going to make a pot of coffee for just me ! The Keurig has solved all of our issues . Plus , it is sooo much cleaner ! We just stick our cups under the spout and go ! My husband uses his travel mug right under the machine and off to work he goes . We use the hot water feature to make our own tea and hot cocoa ... or if you need a cup of soup ! When we were on vacations , we loved places that had a dedicated hot water spout . Now we use our Keurig ! We also use the My K Cup Filter so we can brew our own coffee . And , it is so much easier to put water in this machine that my old coffeemakers . It was HARD to spend the money , but now we do n't regret it at all . We just got back from visiting family for Thanksgiving . I missed my Keurig dearly ! LOLI gave it 4 stars . I ca n't give anything 5 stars . I need to have it longer , and I still do n't like the price !
 Befoe Santa bought me this puppy , I made 8 cups on Monday and drank the pot over seven days . Now I am among the civilized .
 My wife actually came up with the idea of buying one of these machines . We just had our second child and a quick , easy way to brew up a cup of coffee became a necessity.We had a couple of hundred dollars of credit on Amazon and settled on this model . I am not sure why amazon has suspended sales of this product because we received it very quickly , and it was everything that was advertised.So a few key things to note ... . This is not a noisy machine . It is very quiet . It has multiple cup sizes , and I am able to easily fill up my einstein brothers travel mug . I am loving saving the $ 1.50 a day I used to spend , and in getting better coffee.the coffee selection is great . I also bought the Aloha Island Coffee variety pack with K cup adapter . This adapter is great in that it will allow you to use Tassimo coffee pads with your Kcup machine . I really love Kona coffee so this was a must have for me -LRB- and I recommend their coffee as well , head and tails above the others -RRB- . Another great feature that I was unaware of when I purchased this , but use constantly now is the iced coffee feature . McDonalds charges $ 3.50 for a iced mocha . I have watched their machine make it at the store and you can make your own for pennies -LRB- crushed ice , milk , some chocolate syrup , and then a k pod on the iced coffee setting . Stir and enjoy -RRB- . I mean , it is a nearly identical drink , and I can make one anytime . Honestly , for me it is the best feature of the machine.So far no problems . The machine has auto on off , cool blue backlight , is so easy to use and quiet . The pods are relatively inexpensive -LRB- you can pick 18 packs up at Bed , Bath and Beyond for about $ 10 , or buy 50 packs on amazon for $ 20 - 25 -RRB- . The most work you have to do with this machine is fill the reservoir up with water.I highly recommend this product for purchase . If you are in the market for a k cup machine and can afford to go higher end , this is the one to buy .02 / 16/2012 - Quick update . The Keurig still works well . We use it nearly every day . Occasionally it will stick and wo n't dispense any coffee . All I do is take the cup out , and run a couple of cycles of hot water through into another glass , and then it works just fine.The build has kept up , still looks good . Nothing broken on it . Overall I could not be more pleased that something we spent a considerable amount for has lasted and still works well . Will f/u in future .
 I recently purchased the B70 from Amazon . Later the same day I found the B77 model at a chain wharehouse store at a lower price . So I bought it as well , fully expecting to return the B70 when I received it . Luckily I kept the B70 from Amazon a few days after I received it -- because the B77 stopped working after one week of use ! I returned it to the warehouse store and kept the B70 from Amazon ! After two weeks of use now , I love it .
 I DRINK COFFEE FROM THE TIME I GET UP TILL I GO TO BED AT NIGHT . NOW I CAN HAVE FRESH AND GOOD COFFEE ALL THE TIME AND WHILE I 'M READING MY KINDLE TOO AT A PUSH OF A BUTTON . I THINK THE ONLY THING WOULD CHANGE IS I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A BUTTON FOR MILD , MED. , & STRONG COFFEE , ALSO HAVE THE WATER A LITTLE HOTTER . IF YOU BUY HOPE YOU ENJOY IT AS MUCH AS I DO .
 UPDATED
 I got this for my wife . She absolutely loves it . She is a nurse and works in the SF Bay Area 3-4 days a week and lives in the Sierras the rest of the week . She stays with her son while down in the Bay Area . She is the only one who drinks coffee in the house and the Keurig is the perfect coffee maker for her . She likes mochas and makes a half & half mix of Mocha and regular coffee by brewing the smallest cup of each and mixing it . Interestingly enough , our first introduction to the Keurig was this past spring . We went to Scottsdale to take in a few SF Giants spring training games and stayed at the Fairmont Scottsdale . They had a Keurig brewer in the room and that was the best in-room coffee I 'd ever had .
 My husband loves coffee and I despise even the smell of it . On the other hand I love tea while he does n't care for it as much . We 've had a coffee pot collecting dust for several years now because , with just him , a whole pot is a lot of coffee , and for me , it stinks up the house and makes my stomach nauseous . I also did n't drink much tea because heating up a whole kettle for a cup or two was a bit wasteful . So I saw my parents had this machine at their house last October and they explained what it was -LRB- had never heard about it before -RRB- and was a bit skeptical at first . I was n't a fan of putting coffee and tea in the same spout , but after a test run I was happily surprised . We purchased one when we got back and have used it several times a day nearly every day ever since with excellent results . I 've even made a cup of tea immediately after my husband made a cup of coffee and it did n't negatively impact the tea at all . The smell of the coffee brewing is fairly mild and only on one or two occasions I have smelled it beyond the kitchen area.The price for each K-cup comes out fair if you go to the right places , amazon seems to be getting better with the pricing but until then we use ` coffee icon ' -LRB- that 's the website name -RRB- to get some better deals . The green tea is the same brand I had purchased as stand alone packets , but it does n't taste the same . Unfortunately it 's a bit more bitter but it 's manageable . The sleepy time tea is also the same brand I purchased before and it tastes the same as the packet thankfully.Only complaints I have is that the reservoir seems a bit small and recquires constant filling every 2 or 3 cups , but I ca n't even argue the convenience that this machine creates in every other aspect -LRB- it 's such a minor gripe honestly -RRB- and the hot chocolate seems a bit spotty . You do n't actually brew hot cocoa , it 's a mix so the results tend to be a tad watered down and also one brand we had -LRB- Bellacino ? -RRB- , while tasty , clogged up the spout a bit . But that actually got us into habit of rinsing out the inner holder after each use -LRB- which is advisable anyway -RRB- . Again , hardly an inconvenience , and when I want hot cocoa I just have the machine brew me hot water instantly with a pack mix in the cup.Out of all the major purchases my husband and I made last year we both agreed this easily is one of the best ones . Even only using it for one brand of coffee , two teas , and hot water on hand ; it 's gotten a lot of use in this house and I highly recommend it for `` cup or two a day '' type households .
 This was a Christmas gift , purchased elsewhere . Along with the brewer , I also received 5 variety packs of Keurig coffee , and for the holidays , a ton of Gingerbread-flavored and mint-flavored coffee packs.After the initial , and required,water-brew , I made my first cup.It took about 4 minutes for the brewer to be ready to brew , and the coffee was finished about 30 seconds later.It was delicious.Perfect temperature.And it will also brew iced beverages.I like the fact that there are so many K-Cup portion varieties available from so many coffee and tea dealers.I sometimes prefer tea over coffee , and am going to get some different kinds to try . It will involve some internet searches , but that 's okay.If I have a large supply of tea to choose from , I 'm a happy lady.The size of the machine is not too large , and it looks very cool with the blue-light thing going on.All-in-all , I am very pleased with my new brewer , and my coffee-loving friends will be pleased with the flavor options they will be offered .
 So far so good ! Have had a little problem with adapting the K-cups , and certain ground coffees . Occasionally the cup will be almost all grounds . Someone that problem seems to have fixed itself . Very convenient and easy to use !
 I love my Keurig coffee maker !!! This is my 2nd one and I would not have anything else .
 I have two of the B70s and they both started to have the pump problems that have plagued this wonderful device.GOOD NEWS
 We bought the Keurig top of the line B70 Platinum coffee brewer a couple of months ago because we were tired of throwing out half a pot of coffee everyday . My wife and I figured if we could have coffee on demand , there 'd be no waste . This model is very easy to set up and use with the on screen menu system . We set ours to go on at 5:00 am and off at 8:00 pm . I always like to read the 1 and 2 star reviews of things I want to buy to find out why people did n't like them . Most of the 1 and 2 star reviews for this item dealt with complaints that the unit suddenly stopped working . I suspect the top needle/nozzle got clogged causing very little water to go through the k-cup and filling the coffee cup with just an ounce or two of brewed coffee . Since the top needle is not removable , I keep it clean by periodically blasting it with a jet of canned air . This cleans out stuck grounds in the top needle . I remove the bottom k-cup holder , separating the pieces to get to the bottom needle and simply rinse it under the faucet . Next I close the top and run an empty brew cycle into a coffee cup . You 'll end up with a cup of hot water with some coffee grounds floating around . Sometimes this procedure has to be done twice to insure everything is cleaned out . So , the next time you get shorted on a cup of coffee , or nothing comes out , just keep some canned air nearby , and give the upper needle a blast . We also bought the separate k-cup reusable brewer cup to brew our own coffee grounds . This makes pretty good coffee , but is messy . Use of this device will definitely clog the upper needle . I suspect the majority of complaints of the unit stopping is due to a clogged upper needle . The process of simply blowing it out with canned air and running a clear water cycle will solve the problem for many . The variety of available k-cup coffees is amazing . Many of the local supermarkets are now devoting several shelves to k-cups . But I have to say , they seem very expensive . The best way to deal with this is to figure out price-per-cup . I try to keep my price per cup to around .60 cents , and I do that by shopping sales , and buying on the internet . The B70 is nice because it has 5 coffee cup size settings . You can choose anything from teacup size up to commuter cup size . Another benefit I discovered is that with many of the stronger coffee 's I can get TWO brewings from one k-cup . This is good if you 're 3/4 the way through drinking your cup of coffee and you want more but do n't want to use a new k-cup . Put your coffee mug back on the tray . Open and close the top to reset the machine , select a smaller cup size to brew , and hit start . Viola ' I now have a full cup to drink from . You may find that the refill mixing with the colder remaining coffee will leave your cup sorta luke-warm ; just nuke it in the microwave to heat it back up . This process does n't work well with some of the weaker coffees . I love this coffee brewer and hope to use it a long time .
 It took my husband 2 years to convince me to buy this item . I thought it too frivolous . After having it for a few months I can not live without it . We can each choose the coffee we enjoy , the selection of k-cups for all hot beverages is excellent as well . My Dad enjoys his coffee rather watered down so all we need to do is change the cup size on the settings and he is happy too . the product is easy to clean and maintain and the accessories such as keurig trays and holders is awesome.We did have an issue with the coffee pot and the technical support team had us descale the unit . The issue resolved for a month and started again . When I called customer service , they decided to replace the unit with no cost to me . Their service people are more interested in quality of the call -LRB- instead of speed -RRB- and ensuring customer satisfaction.I have recommended this coffee pot to everyone I know .
 The B70 is an upgrade we decided we would like to have with the extra features . It is simpley great . Silent compared to the previous lesser expensive model and with a choice of small or larger capacity cup servings . well , we just love it !
 This product is great , especially if you are one cup a day person or you and your significant other drink at different times . Here is the scoop ... I first purchased the B60 since it appeared to be the best value . I wish I would have known about the noisy pump before I purchased . After reading more reviews I realized the B70 was supposed to be `` whisper quiet . '' However , some were still saying the B70 was still loud . Turns out , there was a product update and so any of those available now which state they have the `` Quiet Brew Technology '' are MUCH quieter than previous models and WAY quieter than the B60 . The noise of the B60 is almost not tolerable . The larger water holder and the extra brew sizes on B70 also makes it worth the extra $ $ . I originally purchased the B60 at a department store for $ 129 , learned more about the B70 and bought that on Amazon for $ 157 , and then found out I could get a better deal at Bed Bath and Beyond for $ 134 with a 20 % off coupon from their website . Ca n't go wrong . Obviously I returned the others . Even if I did n't spot such a good deal , I do believe its worth it to spend the extra to get the B70 . you are spending a decent amount to begin with , you might as well get the right one . Also , with subscribe and save from Amazon , you can get k-cups for about .40 / cup rather than .50 + from most other retailers . Also ordered the My K-cup so I can save even more . Go with the B70 , I ca n't believe I used to make coffee with a conventional coffee pot in the past . I do n't think I will ever go back .
 My wife and I drink coffee in the morning and usually one cup in the afternoon . We used to make 6-8 cups in the morning of Starbucks and then throw out 2-3 of them . I have also been know to make a full 12 cups and then forget about it , and then throw the pot 2 hours later.My wife was hunting at LNT and they had this thing called a Keurig single-cup coffee maker . It was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- which seemed a little high , but our Mr. Coffee carafe unit was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- so I only flinched a little . Of course , compared to MSRP this is cheap . So , I started researching and turns out this unit is a very nice one , the newest from Keurig and had features that made it stand out.We talked about how she only needs one cup in the morning , and she gets up several hours later than me , so this would eliminate throwing out that expensive Starbucks coffee and save us money or at least use less water ! So she got it and I checked it out when I got home.It is a very nice unit , brushed stainless and dark black plastic that matches our kitchen nicely . The display is bright and a nice blue color and kinda lights up the kitchen until it goes into screensaver mode.So , we proceeded to make several cups of coffee from the sampler pack she bought . Wow - nice coffee . It seems to pressurize the coffee chamber like an expresso machine , and then blasts the water through it . As long as the unit is turned on and the water is hot , it takes less than a minute to make a cup . And the K-cups are no mess , toss it out and plunk in a new one for the next person . We also went back and bought the thingy to brew ground coffee . It works awesome - it makes generic Sam 's Club coffee taste really good!We have had it about 2 months , and I have it set to come on at 6:00 am , so when I get out of the shower , it is ready for me ! I have it turn off an hour later to save some power . So far , we have eliminated several brands of K-cups but by no means have tried them all . We use Amazon 's K-cups as well as some from coffee.org . And we have no more wasted coffee !! I am going to use someone else 's bullets and add to them : - Tons of variety in K-cups which run around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- per cup - Simple to use and program - 4 brew size choices , my wife makes expresso size with bold blends now that we have a nice milk frother , works great ! - Keeps water hot for the next cup instead of waiting until you fiddle with the machine , settable from 1 to 9 hours to turn off the heater . - Can be used with a custom filter K-Cup so you can brew any coffee you like , including tea and hot cocoa which my son tried and liked ! - Quiet , similar to the Black & Decker under-counter model we have . - Drip tray in case you mis-guess the size of your mug . Removeable so I brew directly into a tall travel mug - awesome !!! - removeable HUGE water reservoir , makes 4 or more mugs or 3 travel mugs of coffee . Nice . Funky , awesome level gauge using a blue LED that flashes when the level is too low - I LOVE IT - the whole tank flashes blue . Kewl .
 This is not a comparative review because I 've never tried any of the Keurig 's competitors like Tassimo or Senseo . That said , I have had a standard drip coffee maker for years and going from that to the Keurig is like going from bicycle to car , from standard TV to TiVo , from oven to microwave ... you know immediately that this thing just changed your life for the better.I 'll get my concerns -LRB- they 're not big enough to merit the word `` complaint '' -RRB- out of the way immediately : - K-cups are marginally more expensive than cans of Folgers or bags of beans from the grocery store . So , you are paying a slight premium for the convenience . Again , just like TiVo or some other life convenience . - It 's somewhat loud . The brewing process itself is pretty quiet , but the pump that refills the water in the internal heating element is somewhat loud . However , that only lasts for 5 or 10 seconds . - At this point , k-cups go in the trash rather than in the recycling . Word on the street is that they 're trying to make these recyclable but I do n't know that they 've accomplished it yet.With those minor concerns noted , here are the many ways in which the Keurig will make your life better : - Extremely wide variety of available coffees . You wo n't feel limited . And , I have to say , Amazon.com has about the best selection you 'll find anywhere . - Every single cup is fresh-brewed . You wo n't have to suffer from coffee that 's been sitting -LRB- more like burning -RRB- on the burner for hours . Moreover , the flavor is actually robust ; it tastes like gourmet coffee shop coffee . - It actually brews at the proper temperature . Unlike many standard drip coffee makers , which tend to brew at too low a temperature , the Keurig brews at an optimal 192 degrees , which allows for proper extraction of coffee flavor . You 'll taste the difference immediately . - Within your own family , or especially when you have guests over , everyone can have their own preferred kind of coffee -LRB- e.g. light body , dark roast , certain brand name , etc. -RRB- ... all you have to do is keep a variety on hand . - And keeping a variety on hand is easy because , unlike regular coffee , you do n't have to store it in an airtight container ... the k-cups are already vacuum-sealed for freshness ! - Brew time is extremely quick and occurs literally at the touch of a button . - Not only that , there 's absolutely no prep time , no measuring , no prep mess , and no clean up . Simply insert the k-cup , close the lid , press the button , open the lid , and throw the k-cup away . We 're talking just a few seconds here.All that said , I think the best review I could give is this
 We have a commercial Keurig coffee brewer at my job and love it . I was always going to look into a home system for myself and kept putting it off until I went to my cousin 's home and saw she had the B70 . After using it that weekend I was hooked ! The B70 Platinum system has the quiet brew technology that the other models do n't so I 'm not hearing the noise other people are talking about . I think they are getting the models mixed up or have defective units . Mine is whisper quiet from the time it takes the water out of the reservior through the heating process to the actual brewing . You can control the water level for stronger or milder coffee and control the temperature too , it has 4 cup size levels and a setting for iced coffee or tea . I 'm still playing with the settings and trying different varieties of coffees and teas so I can order my favorite K-cups , they also have K-cup filters so I can use my own ground coffee or tea . It 's an amazing system , easy to use , little to no clean up and the coffees and teas come out perfect every time . If you buy the unit make sure to wash out the water reservior with soapy water before or after you prime the unit or you will get a very plastic tasting first cup of coffee , in my case it was hot chocolate and it was NASTY ! Once I washed the reservior it was fine . This has been one of my best investments in years , it is worth every penny because in the long run you save money . Buy the sample packs of 5 off the Kuerig site and become a member of their coffee club , you save even more that way!ETA
 Keurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup Home Brewing SystemI am completely hooked on this coffee maker and have deep admiration and respect for the Keurig company who promise EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE and stand by their word . Amazon permitted me to search for a better price than what the manufactuer offers which just completed a perfect package . The convenience of not having to dump out coffee grounds over and over during the day -- as well as the ability to always have `` at the ready '' any family member or guest 's preferred type of coffee , tea , or chocolate is well beyond any concern of cost of the little Kcups . And it sure saves money by not having to `` pick up '' a favorite coffee drink at the local preferred coffee drive through ! Thank you Amazon and thank you Keurig !
 Absolutely love this machine ! First off - it 's very economical . If you use amazon 's subcription service for the K-Cups , you end up paying between 34 - 40 cents per cup of coffee . I got this because I work in a very small office and it was such a pain making coffee each day . There was always a squabble over who had to make the coffee , how strong , what flavor , emptying the pot , refilling the pot , when to start making the coffee , cleaning up the grounds , and washing things after . With th Keurig machine , there 's no fuss and no muss ! Your office stays clean , everyone has a fresh cup of coffee that 's brewed the way they want it , and there 's no need to head to starbucks and spend $ 3.00 each day ! Highly recommend it if your in a house or office with more than 3 people who drink coffee or tea . It 's even great for hot cocoa using the ghiradelli packs!UPDATE
 This is an excellent product which is easy to use . You basically get a perfect cup of coffee every time and the different types of coffees which can be brewed are almost limitless . Highly recommended .
 I gifted myself this coffe maker for my birthday on a whim . I had some coffee at my doctors office from a Keurig machine and was impressed that I could have customized the size , and chosen my own flavor.The reason why I purchased this size Keurig is for the travel sized mug , and the bigger reservoir . You simply remove the drip tray pull out and within 1 minute you have a steaming cup of perfect coffee.I know that this point has been belabored before , but the fact that you brew each cup of coffee seperately is awesome . You get that ` first cup of coffee ' taste with each cup.For my fellow road warriors - I recommend using a bold/extra bold roast for the travel sized mug . I tried a medium roast with that size and did n't like it.With respect to the size/look of the Keurig , the silver/blacks blends well in my kitchen and it 's not as bulky as I thought it would have been . -LRB- I was initially looking at the smaller brewers since it 's just hubby and I , and we only drink coffee in the morning -RRB- . I heartily recommend the Keurig even if you 're not heavy coffee drinkers . It 's awesome for entertaining , and you can brew tea , cocoa and cold drinks suchs as sweet tea and iced coffee .
 I had almost given up being a coffee drinker since my wife only has coffee occasionally in cold weather and making even a small amount in a regular percolater was time consuming and wasteful . Now I can have a truly great cup of coffee any time with no fuss and no muss . I read all the reviews of the Keurig on every site on the web I could locate and decided to take the plunge even though it is a bit pricey . It came very well packaged and was easy to set up . It is countertop stable , operates quietly , and is amazingly fast . It is also a very good looking unit . I have encountered no problems with the unit and have raved about it to our friends . This is one of the best purchases I have ever made . K-cups are available in local stores and online -LRB- where you can find good pricing -RRB- and offer a wide variety of coffees and teas .
 Keurigs coffee designs are taking over the coffee market ! Their brew systems offer fresh , hot , clean cups of coffee while still proving the roaster smell . I have had my Keurig since June 2012 and it still makes me smile . I would highly recommend this model over others because of the 5 cup size variety which not only allows various mug sizes but satisfies those who appreciate stronger/weaker coffee . Great product !
 The seller Chelsey S Williams is a five star ! Great service.The Keurig has been terrific ! We use only filtered water for flavor consistancy . But , there is an added benefit in that scaling has not been a problem .
 and this is the best machine ever . Coffee in less than 30 seconds without the mess . My wife got one a couple of months ago and I use it more than her . Great product !
 After reviewing many brands and styles , I decided on this one because you can choose different size cups and brewing strengths and temperatures . It was definitely a big hit !!!
 My husband loved his christmas present , the keurig coffee maker . It was very easy to set up and the coffee tastes great !
 by using the keurig i feel that i 'm not wasting as much coffee as i did previously , i use the refillable cup , which i feel is more green .
 I am soooooooooo happy with my Keurig ... we bought it in Feb 2012 ... I was really worried about how long it would last after reading some of the reviews . Well we have had it for over 10 months ... it is used daily and sometimes a few times a day . I am knocking on wood but we have not had ANY problems with it at all . Got a super price ! Extremely pleased ! I do n't know what I would do without it : -RRB-
 I 'm not much of a coffee drinker myself . My wife loves this thing . She uses it every day without any complaint . She says the coffee is always amazing and has no complaints about the Keurig whatsoever .
 We love our Keurig B70 Platinum ... . We love the way we can have variety Etc. . If we do not want a whole pot of coffee ... perfect . If we or someone we have visiting wants variety ... perfect ... . We love it . The only thing we did not love was going to costco one week after purchasing it and finding it not only cheaper but it also had with it 60 K-cups and a my K-cup for your own brew ... The only thing I could suggest to make this brewing system better would be its own water pitcher to fill the reservoir . I know it is removable , but kind of a pain in the rear ... LOL .
 This unit is very good , I have a B60 at home and love it , bought this for use in the room at my office . It works great , lots of control options , great cup size selections . Good heat time , and the reservoir is awesome as it came with the upgraded 72oz one.There is only one issue I noticed , and Im not sure if its the cups or the machine , occasionally when a cup is put in and the machine cycles , it spits the coffee out the front of the machine and makes a mess , This happens 1 in 25 roughly , but it happens and Im not fully prepared to blame the Keurig as it could be the cups . All the same , I wish the Keurig was designed to seal shut to prevent a poorly designed K-Cup from spraying coffee around the counter or on me.All in all , a great unit though , and I would recommend anyone to purchase that wants a Keurig Brewer
 Got this product for a good price but the opening/closing lever was cheap and did not work properly from day one . Other than that it seems to be a good machine .
 Outstanding product . Well worth the money . Purchased this machine not knowing anything about them . After extensive internet research , bought one and would buy another .
 I will make this short and sweet : A Keurig is a hit at any party , guests love the ability to choose exactly what kind of coffee to have with dessert!I started with a Senseo a little over two years ago and moved to the Keurig B60 last year . When the B70 came out recently I knew it was time to upgrade . I am very glad I did ! This machine is a little quieter than the B60 and the blue LEDs that illuminate the water tank are a nice touch . Add the K-Cup filter and you can brew your favorite ground coffee anytime . No need to worry about the K-Cups not being produced in the future , because if you have the K-Cup filter all you need is some freshly ground coffee and you 're ready to go!Make the right choice and hop on board with the B70 ~ you 'll enjoy it !
 This is the perfect coffee brewer for me . I was so excited when single cup brewers started showing up on the market , but I had no idea which one to purchase . I do n't like drinking stale coffee or reheating coffee and the mini 4-cup brewers do n't make that great a pot of coffee . Going to the coffee stores is a VERY expensive cup of coffee even if it is quite good . I tried a cup of coffee from this brewer in a high end kitchen store and it was a great cup . Plus with all the drink options -LRB- reg , decaf , tea , hot choco -RRB- , I was sold . I bought from Amazon on a special purchase deal and got the My K-Cup for free.I love this brewer . I get one perfect fresh , hot cup of tea , coffee , or cocoa every time . There is very little waiting and no filters or pots to mess with . The different cup sizes , the timer , the style are all great features .
 My wife 's Christmas present this year is a Keurig B70 coffee maker . We have a B100 at work that I was very impressed by and we decided that a home machine would nicely fill the need when we might want a cup or two , but might not want to make a full pot.Long story short
 Being one who loves convenient , but great tasting coffee , I 've bought several single-serve coffee machines . The Home Cafe , My Bunn Cafe , and the most recent , Tassimo.They all worked quite well , considering how `` new '' they were to the field , and how fresh the field really was at the time , for consumers . I was happy with each purchase -LRB- save the Home Cafe , which had a serious mechanical flaw -RRB- . I 'm not going to spend all my time just comparing the Keurig machine ; I 'm simply going to say `` I wish I 'd bought one of these -LSB- any Keurig machine -RSB- earlier '' . It meets almost all the desires I had in a single-serve coffee machine . - Tons of variety in K-cups -LRB- which actually can be difficult , I did n't know where to start or what to try ! -RRB- - Simple to use - Beautiful , functional design - 4 brew size choices - Keeps water hot for the next cup instead of waiting until you fiddle with the machine - Can be used with a custom filter K-Cup so you can brew any coffee you like -LRB- I 'm looking forward to using this with tea too ! -RRB- - Much quieter than some machines I 've used -LRB- the Tassimo is freakishly loud in my opinion -RRB- Those are just some reasons I love this machine . The fact that it makes very good coffee is a big plus too , right ? It seems as if the coffee from the Keurig machine tastes less `` burnt '' than most single serve coffee I 've had in the past.My biggest complaint is the cost . Whether it 's worth $ 200 to you or not , is entirely up to YOU . If you 're as obsessed with quick , easy , tasty coffee like I am , maybe you 'll agree that it is worth it.I 'm a happy customer , either way . ; -RRB-
 I recently purchased the new Keurig B-70 Gourmet Single Cup Home Brewing System that was released on October 1st , 2006 and have been very happy with it . The machine is extremely well designed , simple to operate , aesthetically pleasing , and most importantly , brews an excellent cup of coffee . I am very impressed with how quickly it is able to brew a cup of coffee , the selection of brew sizes , and how simple clean up is.There are a variety of single cup brewers on the market now , many utilizing pre-packaged coffee `` pods '' for brewing . Personally I was not comfortable purchasing a product where I would be locked into the selection and pricing of a specific manufacturer , or one that would only brew coffee and not tea and cocoa . This is just one area where Keurig really shines above their competition.Keurig has gathered support of a variety of gourmet coffee , tea , and cocoa manufacturers and there currently there are over 140 different types sold pre-packaged in K-Cups including Green Mountain , Diedrich , Gloria Jean 's , Timothy 's , Van Houtte , Tully 's , Coffee People , Newman 's Own , Celestial Seasonings , Bigelow , Twinings , and Ghirardelli . Not only is there a large selection to choose from , there are a variety of resellers online offering K-Cups , and pricing is extremely competitive.In addition to the pre-packaged offerings , Keurig offers the My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter allows you to use your own gourmet ground coffee in your Keurig home brewer . This option provided the extra level of comfort I personally needed to make the jump into a single cup brewer . Frankly I do n't find myself using it very often as I had originally thought , as there are so many options available in pre-packaged K-cups . The pricing of the Keurig brewers are extremely reasonable , and brews gourmet coffee in just a fraction of the cost of purchasing it from a Starbucks , Coffee People , or similar . I expect that my machine will pay for itself in savings in just a couple months of use.The only suggestion I have for Keurig is that the My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter be included with the sale of the brewer , and not an optional accessory . It is such an inexpensive accessory that I am surprised it was not included . Overall the Keurig brewers are excellent value and quality and would recommend them to anyone interested in a single cup brewer .
 My husband and I decided to buy this coffee maker for two reasons . One , we wanted to break our Starbucks habit/addiction and two , because we both have really different tastes in coffee . A traditional coffee maker just was n't cutting it for us because we could n't both drink out of the same pot of coffee and ended up wasting a lot of coffee . So this allows us to each brew our favorite coffee without a lot of waste . The coffee maker is very quick to warm up and it 's not any louder than our old coffee pot . You can set the brew strength to suit your taste which is really helpful and it even has an iced coffee setting . The large water reservoir is a really nice feature because we do n't have to constantly refill the pot , unless of course we are drinking a lot of coffee or tea!Now , I know the coffee maker is relatively expensive initially so the return on investment will take a little bit of time . With all the myriad of types and flavors of coffee and tea available , we have truly cut down on our Starbucks addiction and have both tailored our K-Cup purchases to suit our individual tastes . My husband makes two to three of his own Vanilla Latte style iced coffees everyday . I 've branched out into trying all kinds of different teas in addition to making my own coffee . It does help that several cream companies have come out with some truly delicious flavored creamers to compliment the wide variety of coffee flavors available.While we can get a few flavors of the K-cups at our local grocery store , Amazon by far has the best selection and best prices . This particular model of coffee maker came with an assortment of coffees so we could try a variety . When you are first starting out with this coffee maker , I would definitely recommend finding an assortment pack so you can decide what your favorites are without having a whole bunch of extra K-Cups left over of things you do n't like . Another nice feature that is available for purchase separately is a filter assembly for use with your own coffee . This comes in handy if you have a special coffee flavor that is n't prepackaged by any of the K-Cup makers . Just be sure to use care when you grind your own beans and ensure you read the instructions so you do n't use too fine or too course of a grind.We are extremely please with the quality of this coffee maker and the wide variety of quality coffees and teas available for it . If you have the cash and you are a dedictated coffee drinker , you ca n't go wrong with this purchase !
 Before I get started
 I was introduced to this coffee maker about 6 months ago when I spent five days at a lake house in Texas with ten of my gal pals to celebrate my birthday . Each morning we had the thrill of going through the many selections of K-Cups and picking out the perfect one to suit our individual needs for that morning ! Everyone got exactly what they wanted - in about 40 seconds . No mess , no fuss , no leftovers to toss away.After doing some more research into the variety of `` single cup '' brewing systems I realized that this really is THE ONE TO HAVE . Unlike the Tassimo brewing system , Keurig offers you a variety of gourmet coffee & tea manufacturers to choose from . Do n't forget to order the K-Cup Reusable Coffee filter so that you can use your own coffee grounds - yet another option that Keurig offers . Variety is the spice of life so stock up on your favorite herbals teas & flavored coffees and remember to order the Spinning Carousel to hold your choices -LRB- 27 slots -RRB- for easy viewing ! There are many websites to choose from that sell these K-cups . Amazon has a decent variety but they 're not always available.We 've had so many friends pop in at a moments notice and instead of hurrying to brew a pot of coffee we just direct them to the K-cups and let them choose for themselves . No more making a pot of decaf and then a regular pot to please everyone!A great feature is that you can set a timer to have the system turn on so when you get up in the morning you have hot water ready to go and then set the timer to turn the machine off at another desired time . Keurig suggests leaving the system on all the time but I think it 's unnecessary especially if you 're only morning coffee drinkers like us ! It only takes about 4 minutes for the water to heat up so if you ca n't wait that long you 've got issues that need to be addressed with a professional.Get this for your own household and one as a holiday gift to share with someone else . They 'll thank you over and over again !
 First off , my wife was against this product when I bought it . Mainly due to the price . However having an instant hot water machine around -LRB- instant soup , oatmeal , water for her tea bags -RRB- has won her over handily.As far as the coffee maker goes , it may be too good . Seriously . I can actually taste slight differences between the individual K-cups of the same variety . The first batch of Heifer blend I got was absolutely delicious . This latest batch less so . That 's where I see this product has room to grow . Consistency of coffee packaged in the K-cup . I do however see the challenge of blending several hundreds of pounds of beans together and then trying to get the same ratio in little Tablespoon sized cups.I 've tried quite a few varieties of coffee now and would like to share my favorites . Just so you know , I hate burned and coffee that 's so thick you can chew it . The darker the roast the less caffeine in the bean so a `` stiff '' cup of coffee wo n't do as much as a light blend to pick you up . My favorites have a wonderful flavor that lingers after you finish the cup so much so that I drive by starbucks and am not even tempted to pull over . This was one of the things I was hoping to accomplish by purchasing this maker , to actually pay off the machine by not going to Starbucks or Carribou Coffee so much . It 's working.Green Mountain 's Heifer Hope Blend , Diedrich 's Colombia blend , and Timothy 's Decaf Columbian are my favorites . Wonderful sweet flavors , with a chocolaty aftertaste that linger long after you 've finished your last sip.In contrast I was disappointed in the K-cup offerings for Chai . I prefer Stash brand chai or Starbuck 's Chai . Both brands offered here were pale imitators . Here 's an instance to just use the hot water function and brew your own.The brew pump is whisper quiet , but the pump that fills the hot water tank from the reservoir is louder than I hoped for . It makes a buzzing sound . -LRB- Ever thought of using the same part for both functions ???? -RRB- As for the cups a little quick surgery shows that it is a plastic cup with a little filter liner that stops about half the way down the cup , filled with coffee , then sealed with foil.Highs : Wonderful coffee a cup at a time.Quick and convenient.Lots of brand choices with more on the horizon.Less trips to expensive coffee houses!Lows : `` Buzzing '' priming pumpNeed to tighten up consistency of K-cups a littleChai offerings are weak .
 This works great . I can have my English Breakfast Tea , and the wife her Donut House Coffee in 2 minutes . The travel mug setting wo n't quite fill a travel mug , so that 's the only con I have with this operationally . The other con is that when you order a large variety of the K-cups , they take up a substantial amount of room .
 I often waste entire pots of coffee because I 'm the only one in my household that drinks it . This product is perfect for me and my family . We love it !!
 I was n't sure that this would be a product that I would like . After recieving it and using it for a month now I absolutely love it . I was making a full pot using my bunn -LCB- which i still like -RCB- and end up thowing away at least half . there is no mess with this and you can adjust the strength of the coffee . My grandson uses it to make hot chocolate . My wife loves the variety of coffees . mocha , and teas available .
 I 've had mine for over one year and it 's perfect , just ... perfect . I love coffee and drink more than a few cups throughout the day . I 'd make coffee in the morning and would have to warm it up during the day or make another batch . My husband gave me this on my birthday last year . With this I can have my coffee whenever I want without the wait and I can control the quantity ! It 's even better when you have somebody over . I can offer a friend a cup of coffee or tea right away . It 's perfect for our house , for our lifestyle .
 We got this brewer in February . This morning it stopped working . We called Customer Support , and a young lady by the name of Shayla answered the phone . She was courteous , and very professional . She walked me through the steps of checking the machine . Then she gave me the bad news
 i want to keep it on my nite stand ... it 's * THAT * awesome ! so easy to use , the functions are great & its done making a great cup of coffee before i can get the creamer out of the fridge !
 Awesome product . Very easy to use . The programming feature is really easy to use and it allows you to set it and forget it . The water gets hot and it 's ready to go . If.you decide not to make coffee one day , no big deal , it just powers off after an hour -LRB- or whatever you have it set for -RRB- . The 5 cup sizes is nice and you can program which size you want to be the default.Pros
 Update May 15 , 2011 : So , if you are looking to make iced coffee or iced tea , be aware that you can SLIGHTLY decrease the temperature from 191 degrees to 187 degrees . This does actually makes a bit of a difference , but certainly not enough . So , you still have to add ice which will water it down dramatically , especially if making a tall glass ! You are able to brew it over and over again , but there is no way to slow the water flow and have it brew longer with the hopes of getting a stronger cup of coffee , which seems like a bit of a waste . I should also note that ANYONE can now make a good -LRB- small -RRB- cup of coffee ... this really is idiot proof -LRB- if I can do it , ANYONE can -RRB- . We still love it , but there is room for improvement ... do I still recommend it ? Yes.Okay , let us get my gripe out of the way . There is little difference between cup sizes in terms of volume , however , picking the largest setting leaves a weak tasting product . With that said , this is an amazing machine ! It brews a cup in less than one minute ! Now for some information as to value of this package ... the samples are nice but not well balanced at all . There are no hot chocolate packets and one tea . Even with the coffees , I think the less tasty ones are much more abundant . If you have never sampled this , it may be worth it ... but without hot chocolate it really is disappointing , especially if you have kids . We have not had a coffee we did not like , however we have not tried them all.When you first get the machine you have to run it for four minutes to clean it out and set it up . After that , it is ready to go . It is VERY easy to use , just pop in the packet and push the button down ... make sure the cup is in place , and you will have coffee faster than ever!If you have your own coffee , this unit comes with a reusable filter that you can use . We have not tired it yet , but will update as soon as we do . If you have a lot if people coming over , you will probably do better with an urn . But if you have people over who prefer different things , this is perfect ! Two teas , hot cocoa , and seven different flavored coffees in less than ten minutes . Perfect ! I should add that it looks great on the counter . Very sleek and high tech . It may seem expensive , however , factor in one premium coffee per day and you will pay for this in less than two months ! If you are on the fence , I say go for it .
 Very pleased with the Keurig and really like this model with the five different cup sizes . With the stronger blends of coffees , it allows you to select the larger size and it does dilute it some without a significant loss of taste.The reusable filter only works so-so . I had read up on this quite a bit before buying the Keurig , and it is all true . The water runs or passes through the filter too fast , and does not brew a good cup of coffee . You would think that someone could get this right ... slowing down the flow of water to make a stronger cup . The concept of buying caps and re-using K cups , seems a bit strange to me.I have never enjoyed coffee this much in my life .
 This is the best gift my husband ever bought me . I use it almost daily and can brew one cup at a time instead of wasting coffee by brewing by the pot . The coffee is always fresh and brew time is convenient . Will never go back to a regular coffee maker again .
 If your sick of grinding coffee , messy filters and clean up then this is the coffee maker for you . Great fresh ground flavor and an almost unlimited supply of coffees to choose from . For a single person or a family that 's always on the move it 's a perfect solution .
 Bought this after my divorce since I was only making coffee for `` one '' ... . Wish I would 've bought one of these years ago -LRB- if they existed -RRB- !! I do n't waste coffee anymore !! I do n't drink `` old '' coffee anymore !!! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT ... Could n't go back to brewing pots of coffee anymore !
 I love this machine . Just replaced my cumbersome grinder/brewer with it . The machine is programmed to be ready when I wake up so it only takes me about 1 minute to make a cup of coffee and my wife can make her own easily when she wakes up too . I love this thing - now I have an extra 15 minutes in the morning before work . The many types of coffee are great too - easy to find the kind you like . One of the greatest gadgets out there and seems to be comparable in cost with grinding whole beans . Thoroughly satisfied !!
 Makes coffee at your fingertips anytime during the day . No muss , always at the ready . With the 5-cup-size selection availability , you can do anything from a quick frothy hot chocolate to a deep roast to a quick clean-up . The large reservoir means hot water is always available and easy to fill at the end of the day from a gallon of distilled water ... used to prevent scale build-up . And I 'm happy as a clam!Here we are nine months later and still loving this coffee maker . Here 's a way to use your favorite coffee and save $ $ $ at the same time . Purchase three of the little Kaps for K-Cups -LRB- about $ 9 for three at the time of this writing -RRB- and reuse the cups you have with the coffee you purchase at the grocery market . Be sue to use fine grind but not espresso . Read my review on these little babies to see how to use them easily .
 The machine is easy to set up , is fully customizable , and is easy to operate . It works great and the reservoir is large enough to not frequent refilling . Two things could be done to improve this product however . These reasons are why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 . First , the water filter accessory and filters should be included and not require separate purchaseKeurig Water Filter Replacement Starter Kit . Second , the water only reaches a maximum temperature of 192F . I would like to see it reach 202-204F .
 This is a replacement for my Keuring B60 Special Edition . It had some issues , so I upgraded . What I like about the B70 Platinum is the larger water tank and better choices for brew size . The largest brew size fills my standard coffee cups ; the B60 did n't with it 's biggest size . Also , the B70 has a small espresso shot size . Do n't be fooled into thinking it will make a quality shot of espresso , but it is pretty good for a quick iced latte.How I used the B70 to make an iced latte
 It was the best purchase ! I love my keurig ! It has adjustable settings and can service several different sizes of cups ... love it
 Loved our brewer , but it gave out after less than a year . It would brew half a cup , then the rest of the water went back into the reservoir . Tried descaling -LRB- numerous times -RRB- , shaming it , praying for it , threatening it , etc. but no luck . Called customer service and after 20 minutes , they decided they are sending out a replacement , no charge ! Their customer service was top-notch as well .
 This is one of the best coffee machine . It brews the coffee so good , not only that also the built quality looks very nice and the coffee machine looks very elegant .
 Best Gift for the family ! This is a product worth the money and I do n't hand out good review 's often , but this item has me so happy to bring not only joy to ma belly but for all family members -LRB- yes Cocoa for the smallest -RRB- . Happy Happy Joy Joy ! I did the research and knowing the different want 's / needs for the family this has the best option for the size you can brew ; and do n't think that using the `` pre-Made '' is going to run you much , either come right back to Amazon , or obtain the refill container and you can use your own coffee/tea/cocoa . If I find the negative 's I 'll be back ; - -RCB-
 This is not a review on this wonderful Keurig machine . It 's to inform you of a great -LRB- totally free -RRB- place to trade any unwanted k-cups or pods you may have and get great brewing tips , find cheap places to buy k-cups , and we have freebies and specials from time to time directly from coffee manufacturers . This group is totally free to join and it 's totally fun ! go to ; -LSB- ... -RSB- Absolutely no selling by vendors to members , no cost to join , just great Keurig info and great people .
 when i got this item i want to cry thinking it didnt work i went out to get another machine reading those instructions i found out that the turn on switch was on the back bottom of the machine so driving out at night in the dark missing my exit ending up in NJ paying 1.00 to get back to PA then the child i was with had to pee there was just no end to this so it works but wow
 I love gadgets , and I love simplicity , and I love options , easy cleanup , fun use ... ALL these things are built into the Keurig . I 've wanted to get one for a while but I already had a Mr Coffee drop machine and had a tough time justifying the cost , etc. . Well , after breaking and replacing 4 glass caraffe 's for the former , the cost nearly matched the Keurig and I made the leap . I bought mine at Costco where 60 kcups and the fill-your-own cup are both included . I 'm hooked ! I ca n't wait to have guests over so they can pick their own option for coffee . I 'm anxious too to get some teas , cocoas , and other options as well ! Great machine !
 We received our Keurig Brewer for Christmas from our daughter . This was one of the best and frequently used presents we have ever received . My wife loves coffee and has purchased K-cup coffee at Costco and on line from Green Mountain Coffee , she must have sampled and tried at least 20 different flavors and blends . I enjoy Milk Chocolate Hot Cocoa and have purchased three different brands from Amazon and use their repeat refill service to receive additional discounts . Our Brewer is working fine after six month 's daily service and was a super gift , Amazon is a great K-Cup supplier .
 This coffee maker is very nice , just as advertised . This is perfect for use in kitchen or on boat . No mess , no cleanup . Refills are available at local super market .
 We 've been giving this coffee maker a work out since we got it . Hubby and I usually grind and brew at least 2 14 cup pots from our drip coffee maker daily , so there was never much variety . With the Keurig , we are now only brewing a single 14 cup pot in the morning and the Keurig handles the rest of the day/evening . We are only using filtered water , so hopefully we wo n't encounter some of problems others have listed in their reviews . Since both of our daughters each have the Keurig B60 and been using them for over a year without any trouble , we were n't afraid to buy one for us.One tip I would offer for a new purchase
 I ordered the Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System through Amazon 2 months ago . It came with `` My K-Cup '' and assorted K-Cup coffees and tea samples.This unit is great ! We absolutely love this machine . It has not given us any problems and still makes perfect cups of coffee . My wife uses the Keurig 's hot water for steeping teas and making hot chocolate . We keep the water temperature at 192 degrees for great tasting coffee . My wife likes the Donut Shop and I like the Pumpkin Spice coffee.We still have the Bunn for entertaining company but we use the Keurig exclusively for ourselves . It only takes 15 seconds to brew a hot cup of coffee in the morning and there 's no more wasting coffee or keeping it hot on a plate after it 's brewed . The `` My K-Cup '' allows us to keep using our regular coffee . The cup size selections are so good for selecting how much coffee we want when we want it.I am glad we have the Keurig now . I ca n't imagine getting through the day without it.It 's a wonderful machine and I highly recommend it !
 This thing simply makes the best cup of coffee ... . EVER.It 's hot , it 's fresh , it 's fast and easy .
 The Keurig B-70 coffee maker is perfect for any home . The addition of the travel mug size cup of coffee and the bigger water resevoir makes this unit stand out above the previous models . Easy to setup , easy to use .
 I have had this Kurig long enough to realize just how good it is !! No only does it make great coffee everytime , it actually is a cost savings on the energy bill ! Very pricey but I recommend this product !!
 I purchased the Keurig B-70 and I really like it.I do not have any complaints on it at all . Worth the money .
 I thought I 'd done my due diligence in researching both the Keurig and the Tassimo when I purchased my Tassimo . Most reviews said both had coffees of equal quality ; that the Tassimo was easier to keep clean , and that the sealed t-discs were less messy than k-cups . The Tassimo was rated higher in reliability , and the more compact size took up less counter space . So I went with the Tassimo , and enjoyed the product reasonably well . Coincidentally , my sister-in-law purchased the Keurig at the same time , so I had a few opportunities to compare . I was n't happy to realize I had the inferior product , and I went 10 months trying to ignore that fact.Firstly , the coffee quality was n't equal . My best guess is that the Tassimo t-discs are smaller , and contain less coffee grounds -- producing a weaker coffee . Regardless of brand , the k-cups seem to have a stronger , richer flavor even when you brew a larger cup.Secondly , I had more trouble keeping the Tassimo clean , and it seems to be a design issue . The sealed t-discs design sends water/coffee through in a less direct manner , which results in more splatter and more scale build up over time . The Keurig k-cups , on the other hand , get two small holes punched in them , sending the water/coffee in a very smooth straight shot . Some reviews tout the fact that you ca n't ` spill ' the sealed t-discs , and that 's true . But I have yet to spill a k-cup , and in fact for the sake of experimentation , I had to shake it like a salt shaker to get a few specks of grounds to break free of the holes.The Tassimo is smaller , but after you factor in the space you gave it to avoid splatter on your other appliances , it does n't really take up less counter space . In fact , the small tank on the Tassimo means that you have to go through the same paces as you would with a regular coffee machine , while the Keurig feels like a brew station -LRB- worthy of George Jetson -RRB- that only needs water every couple of days.The Tassimo still beats the Keurig in price , being about 30 % cheaper for the unit itself . K-cups will run about $ 0.75 - 0.90 each , all producing great coffee . T-discs can be as little as $ 0.40 , but the better quality brands are about $ 0.75 . The Tassimo also offers steamed milk drinks using milk t-discs , and I have n't found the equivalent milk k-cups . But the Tassimo does n't let you use your own beans , while the Keurig offers a special k-cup that lets you use any grounds you like.Other than having a hard time keeping up with the scale build-up , I never had any actual trouble with the Tassimo in 10 months of use . My sister-in-law had her Keurig fail on her during that time , but thanks to Costco 's return policy , she was up and running again in 24 hours . I 've owned my new Keurig for just a month now , but I 've easily tripled my usage of it over the Tassimo . I 'm enjoying the flavor so much that I no longer grab a coffee at the local coffee shop . It 's all Keurig , baby ...
 This Keurig is the best thing ever invented !! The ease with which it makes coffee a one touch task is worth the money .
 LOVE IT AND MY ONE THING I WISH I HAD LEARNER EARLIER ... -LRB- besides not using all caps . Sorry -RRB- Is to order larger amounts , you will run out , TRUST ME !
 I must confess that this was a bit of an impulse buy , but that said , I am very happy with my purchase . A couple of things I would point out if you are on the fence as to which to buy :1 . The B70 offers five different brew sizes . Keep in mind , however , that brewing a larger size only serves to weaken the strength of the coffee . I have found that the middle option works out okay for the strength that I prefer , although I think I may go to size # 2 the future .2 . There is a programable timer on this ; tell it when to turn on and when to turn off . If you wake up at 7A , turn this bad boy on at 655 . You 'll have a cup of coffee ready within 75 seconds off going downstairs . Simply pop in your K-Cup , place your coffee cup under the spout , and press a button . Bam .3 . It looks really cool . Blue back lighting on both the controls , the LED panel , and , get this , the water tank . I think it looks pretty sharp .4 . And ... the coffee I 've consumed thus far has been been good . I purchased a SoloFill , too , and that 'll let you brew regular coffee without purchasing the K-Cups . All in all , I 'm pretty happy . I hope it lasts long enough to justify its cost .
 I recently received this coffee maker as a gift . I love it ! It brews quickly and the coffee is the perfect temperature for sipping . The K-kup variety pack is awesome , as it allows for experimentation before making a commitment to a specific flavor . I have even found hot chocolate and green tea K-kups ! The `` con '' is that I drink a lot of coffee so the Kurig is n't very economical , however it is perfect to keep in my office at work ; I can have coffee without brewing an entire pot . I am disappointed that the K-kup filter was n't included . It seems like it should be . So If you buy the machine , do n't forget to purchase the little filter.Overall a great product .
 First and foremost , I love my Keurig ! I used it everyday and that 's why I was really upset when it began to act a little silly . It stopped brewing the desired amount of coffee after about 8 months , despite an effort to clean and descale the machine . I tried ignoring the problem by just rebrewing the same cup , until it stopped working all together . Since I use my Keurig daily , I called the company to see if they would direct me to a local place in town that could service my machine , instead they are sending me a brand new one at no cost to me ! What amazing service !! Thanks so much Keruig , I ca n't wait to have my morning coffee again !
 Love the Keurig ! We 've wanted one for years and finally bought one to compliment our new kitchen . Everyone who comes to our home comments on it and wants to try it out . Love the coffees and the convenience of only brewing one cup , leaving none to waste . Also enjoy the variety . Would definately recommend the Platinum B70 due to its versatility of cup size .
 Just bought my second Keurig Platinum after 4 + years of use . Have never had to descale the machine in that time.I use RO -LRB- reverse osmosis -RRB- water , which is pre-softened -LRB- K + salts -RRB- , for all my cooking and drinking needs . Believe the low Ca + + salt environment provides for improved machine life . Have had a similar longevity with my Bunn coffee maker -LRB- 7 + years -RRB- with this water . Some of the bottled waters are spring water , which will taste good but have higher concentrations of Ca + + salts.Had to replace the old one as a piece on the K-cup holder receptacle broke off making it hard to open and brew coffee . Wish that the machine was maintainable , so I did not have to replace it.The Keurig machine is a excellent supplement to my Bunn Machine . Keurig provides a quicker cup of hot beverage or hot water , but the Bunn is cost effective for larger amounts .
 I have only had my Keurig for 2 days but like the ease of use and the fact that I can chose a flavor . I finally bought this unit after trying it at a friends house . I am the only coffee drinker in the house and usually have only one cup a day . I plan to switch to decaf coffee after tying out some of the different flavors , and It was appealing to have regular coffee in the house for when guests come over . Also , my husband will be able to make coffee for people easily . Not to mention that they could probably do it themselves if necessary.The only downside so far is that it does n't work well on my counter top . The unit needs 171/4 '' clearance from the upper cabinets to the counter top open enough to put a k-cup in . I have no counter top area that is n't overshadowed by an upper cabinet , so I have to pull the unit out to use it . Sounds easy , but it 's a pain because the unit is heavy and it tends to stick to the counter top , making it difficult to slide forward . I 'm considering if I want to keep it because of that .
 This is my 2nd Keurig , I have one at work and finally decided to get one for home when I saw the price for this one . Great value , shipping was as explained , slight dampness of the shipping box and coffee maker , just let it dry out naturally and you are all set . All-in-all very happy with purchase .
 Love it making coffee is simple . I bought it to make ice tea . I learned not to put ice cubes in while brewing tea , it tends to overflow.But depends on the size select to brew . Fresh brewed iced tea & enjoy the different flavors.Great gadget !
 I have had Keurig coffee pots for about 7 years now . Everyone that comes to my house asks about it and the wide variety of coffee I have on my counter . They laugh when I pet it and call it my baby . This new model is just wonderful . My husband and daughter drink tea and hot cocca -LRB- K-cups of course -RRB- , and they like the fact they can choose the cup size . This particular model has three additional cup size choices . I ca n't say enough good things about my Keurig .
 This is a great coffee maker . I originally bought one for my parents for Christmas , and enjoyed it so much myself , that I had to buy one for my home . It 's easy to use , does n't take up much counter space , and makes very good quality coffee . I 'm still learning which flavors/brews work best for me , but overall , I have nothing but good things to say about this machine . I did read many reviews on amazon and other sites prior to purchasing , and have not yet experienced any of the issues that I 've read about .
 Bought this for my wife for her birthday . She is the only one in the house that drinks the java so it is perfect for us . She has used it every day since we got it and we have n't had a single problem . So easy to use my 8 year old brew 's mom 's cup of joe when we are running late .
 I 'll admit , I was skeptical of the one-cup brewer . I 've been a huge fan of the thermal carafe for years . My Cuisinart stopped performing well -LRB- the brew became bland and water temperature decreased to slightly more than warm vs. hot -RRB- . I had only had this pot for a bit over a year.I held off buying something new and went with the french press . That was really good coffee , but the mess was crazy and , of course , after the first cup , the coffee sat cold.I finally broke down and purchased the Keurig B70 about a month ago . Best decision for this avid coffee drinker . Cup after cup of fresh brewed coffee ... in seconds . I especially enjoy the large water reservoir . My husband and I start our day at different times . The second person up does n't wake to cold brew anymore . I also like that , when on occasion I want flavored coffee -LRB- which my husband hates -RRB- , I am able to produce it for myself.I 've used this machine to give me hot water for tea -LRB- though they sell k-cup teas , I prefer my Republic of Tea selections -RRB- and the results are quick and easy . The machine is so easy to use , my 9 year old is able to give himself a hot shot of water for oatmeal ... An added bonus I did n't count on!So far , very pleased with this purchase . I agree with the reviewer that stated the machine is a bit on the loud side when heating water , but it < 30 seconds and not all that much louder than a brewing drip coffee maker.Cleaning the Keurig is a cinch . The removable drip tray is a great feature.I 'm happy I `` paid up '' for this model . In this house , we have all different sized cups and drink all different types of hot beverages . Espresso is not out of the question when my Dad arrives . The five cup choices and auto on/off were key features in my decision.I 've been exceptionally happy with this purchase , so much so , I just ordered the same one for my mom .
 Great coffee and fast , consistantly made every time . The only down side is that the coffee cups are a little higher than conventional coffee but it is worth it .
 Makes a great cup of coffee and tea . The cup size settings allows you to select the right strength for your taste . Even more useful with the My K-cup . Great product .
 Like many households , the coffee drinkers in my home have widely varying tastes in what we consider good coffee . I prefer strong , bold taste ; my daughter likes her coffee very mild , sweetened and flavored . I purchased the Keurig B-70 Platinum Home Brewing System because it looks so pretty and the word platinum in the name must mean that it is the best . I was not disappointed . The blue lights add even a more futuristic look to the appliance on my counter top . Setting up and using the machine for the first time was easy enough . The real treat was discovering that both my daughter and I can enjoy what we consider perfect coffee . Additionally , I discovered Green Mountain Dark Magic . Either regular or decaf makes a great cup of coffee . My daughter is particularly fond of Van Houtte French Vanilla . I never have agreed with what the experts consider to be a `` cup '' of coffee . I laugh at 6 oz . cups and wo n't buy a coffee mug that holds less than 16 oz . Consequently , one cup of coffee in my house requires no less than 2 K-cups . No worries . We are both very happy drinkers.Now , for what makes the system not quite perfect
 choose as replacement , Love it.Like because it 's it 's easy to useRecommend this to everyone , you can use your own coffee
 This is the best Keurig coffee brewing system , easy to use and high quality ! I would highly recommend it , you will find none better .
 I love this coffee maker it was a great purchase . I researched for about 1 month and made my choice . I am very pleased . Coffee in moments .
 This was our first single serve machine . I really like it . We use it frequently and have had no problems with it . It cleans and refills easily . The panel is easy to read and directions easy to follow . Different brewing cup sizes is a nice feature . It has a nice look to it and is smaller than many other options we saw , which is nice since it takes up less space . It is lightweight but sturdy . The coffee has been consistently good and the machine seems very reliable in the months that we have had it .
 So worth the money . I bought a flexbrew and hated it . I absolutely love my keurig ! Very easy to use .
 great machine love itit is quiet and makes great coffee quickly highly recommend it using it in the office
 My wife and I decided that we were interested in a Keurig system before the holidays , so we were standing in the aisle of our Target looking over the models they had on display . We were particularly interested in the B70 Platinum Edition . So there we stood , looking it over , when a woman suddenly stopped her cart and offered us her unsolicited opinion on how great she thought her Keurig was and how we absolutely HAD to have one . We thanked her and she walked away . So there we stood , looking it over , when a man suddenly stopped his cart and offered us his unsolicited opinion of how great he thought his Keurig was and how we absolutely had to have one . In fact , he picked up another one and instantly decided to buy another one for his wife to use at work . He walked off . So there we were , looking it over , when ANOTHER woman stopped her cart ... you get the idea . It happened FOUR TIMES . On other occasions , I 'd be looking over the available K-Cups to see what kind of things we could make if and when we bought a Keurig . Again , people popped out of nowhere to offer me their opinions of how I just had to have a Keurig.So , we bought one from Amazon.We love it . We make coffee . We make tea . We make hot chocolate for the kids . We use it for hot water to make other teas . I used to , -LRB- shudder -RRB- , wait to drink my coffee at work . Now , I brew up a quick travel mug before leaving for work . And then I , -LRB- shudder -RRB- , drink some more coffee at work . Now , however , I get at least one really good mug of coffee a day ! Two on Sundays . This machine has quickly become the most-used appliance in our home . My Mr. Coffee is about to get relegated to storage.So the other day I was walking through Target and I saw this couple standing in front of the Keurig display ... and I thought , &#34; I just have to let them know ... &#34;
 Loves it and everyone is envious of it . It has the blue LED 's for the water . Works great and wife is happy
 Let me say this brewer is very stylish , extremely simple to use , and has bare minimal clean up however , the coffee does not have any richness or flavor . It is very watered down .
 I purchased this item for myself , and I really , really love it . I 'm an adult , but I like astronomy , so I treated myself and bought this really fun shower curtain . The quality of the curtain is fab -- it feels really soft yet durable . My roommate commented that it smells a lot better than PVC curtains we have purchased in the past . The information on the curtain is accurate , and really interesting ! It gets a lot of compliments from our guests . Definitely was a great purchase !
 A + + on product quality and delivery . The batteries provided new life for my Rowenta Bathroom Scale . Very good product and would purchase again from Amazon .
 Purchased this product several years ago from a retail outlet , and when our family grew we wanted more . It was $ 10 cheaper through Amazon . What arrived is identical to what we already have , installs and functions with ease . Highly recommend for small areas as it does n't use valuable floor space , simple to fold back , and dries several items .
 I bought this product for my children . They are swimmers , and they needed a place to hang their swimming suits after training . This product does not support heavy clothes or towels , but it works perfect for swimming suits and small towels .
 I purchased this item to dry my cloth diapers on . I have a smaller laundry room therefore something that mounted on the wall seemed like a great option . It was exacatly what I hope it would be , it was super easy to put up and it 's definitly stable . I should be able to put about 18 pocket cloth diapers on it to dry at a time .
 Installed it today , such a space saver ! I was initially a little worried it would n't hold my heavy wool sweater , but it did no prob . I 'm going to buy another one for more drying .
 It works fine . It is nice that you can save some space when is not using it . I am not sure if I can hang heavy stuff on it . I do n't wan na take a chance ... In general is working fine !
 I wish I had paid a little more attention to the measurements , because this is rather small . However , it mounted easily on the laundry room wall and has work very well for drying diapers and other items . We bought it to keep clothes up and away from our two cats who love to pull everything off the floor racks as though it 's a game . I will have to get a second one to be able to hang a full load , but other than that I 'm happy with it.I have seen larger ones on HGTV makeovers , but have yet to find a good one of that size online .
 Best way to save space when you need to came in drying clothes duty . . easy to install We have one interior and one exterior at home and it was perfect solution for us . .
 My furnace closet gets very warm and seemed to be such a waste of good heat , so I had my landlord install this so I could hang my lingerie , t-shirts and other light items to dry . This dryer works perfectly , I do n't know why I did n't order it sooner !
 I have a LOT of synthetic uniforms to wash -LRB- baseball , football , soccer , basketball , etc. -RRB- and never had enough room on my drying racks . This design is FABULOUS ! hangs securely on the wall with included hardware and folds up out of the way in a cool space saving design .
 This is exactly what I paid for . The review were correct and it has served it 's purpose perfectly . I love that it came with two sets of mounting hardware so that I could put one by my wood stove during winter . It definately wo n't hold up to a pair of jeans but it handles everything else great .
 Mounted this to our camper . Works great . The brackets are a little hard to mount correctly . I will make a cardboard template next time if i change the position . Overall perfect place for towels and swimsuits . we like it .
 Cloth diapers require line drying , but living in a tiny apartment the last thing I had space for was a drying rack . This folding rack saved space and time . I hung it right above my washer and dryer . I wash the diapers . With one hand I pull out the rack , hang , and return to my daily life . No need to store the rack in a closet , have to pull it out , go back to get the diapers , then hang , and so on and so forth .
 We are very pleased with the accordion clothes dryer . We bought it for a particular place in our travel trailer , and it has done the job admirably , holding several towels , etc , and spreading out so they can dry well . Love it .
 I purchased this as a gift for a family member . They are thrilled with it . My rating is based upon their feedback - I have n't used it directly .
 Item received was exactly as described . Has solved an issue in a small laundry room . Now I can hang some things to dry that I do not want in the dryer .
 I bought this product after trying to figure out how to safe space in the laundry room . It mounted on the wall relatively easy and it is very , very sturdy . I wish I had gotten this a lot sooner .
 I have been using this rack for about a month and use it with almost every load of laundry I do.It was easy to install and came with an extra set on brackets so you could move it around.It seems sturdy enough - worth the money !
 This clothes dryer is nice ... we mounted at the laundry above the laundry sink for small towels , so far , we are so happy for the product .
 This was very easy to install , and I loved that it came with extra brackets so I could put them up somewhere else and move it to a different place if I wanted . It 's sturdy , and I would definitely recommend it . Not for big heavy items , but you could dry a couple mid weight items on it if you needed to .
 for the price it 's really quite decent.pro : - it does the job - the back hook system which makes mounting easier -- drill in the holders and then slot the rack on makes it easier than trying to get your dril in side-waycon : - a bit on the flimsy side but it wo n't break that easily . just do n't trust the weight limit of 10kg . DO NOT TRY - mounting instruction is not so great . good thing i know my way around tools or i 'd be at a loss .
 I have it set to mount in both the laundry room and the nursery . It works fine , and I like that I can move it around as needed .
 I purchased this and placed it on the wall in our laundry closet behind the dryer . It creates the perfect spot for drying of cloth diapers and wipes and I 'm back to order a second ! I would n't advise using it for heavy or large items though .
 Perfect for hand wash items and fits above my utility sink so the clothes can drip right into the sink . Great deal for the price . Love it .
 Arrived quickly and worked great ! Awesome space saver and installed easily . It was nice to create more space in our laundry arear .
 This item works just fine for what we purchased it for . You wont be able to load it up with wet jeans but its just right for a load of delicates .
 Just what I needed ! I do n't put much in the dryer and most of my clothes are hung to dry . This is ideal because it is out of the way and off the floor but still always ready and easy to put away .
 Takes up very little space . A lot sturdier than I thought it would be from other reviews.Quick and easy to use .
 Love this clothes dryer . It was fairly easy to mount . Works great . It is a little smaller than the stand up clothes dryer but love the fact it is off the floor . Looks a little flimsy but it really does hold up and holds clothes fine . I have had no problems with it and would recommend it .
 just finished updating and adding storage to my utility room . this is over my utility sink so things can drip dry . it was very easy to put up . came with all the hardware pieces i needed . decent instructions as well . it seems very sturdy so far . -LRB- only been up a few days -RRB-
 We recently moved and had to leave our other unit attached to the wall in our old house . Bought new one from this seller and it came very fast and works perfectly . Thanks or the excellent service !
 I read about this rack in a magazine . I previously had a large wooden rack that I used every laundry day but I only used one or two rods . My wooden rack took up valuable space all the time because it was too time consuming to fold up after each use . This rack was easy to install on the wall . Now , I can pull out the rack as far as needed and place the wet clothes on it . If I have a large sweater I can place it over everything else on the rack . When I am finished I just push it back against the wall . I have put my old wooden rack in a closet for use if I have a lot of heavy clothes to dry but I have n't pulled it out yet after 2 months . I would advise anyone to purchase this if you think it would meet your needs .
 We have had this accordion dryer for over a year now and have hung wet wool sweaters , you name it without ANY issues . It feels `` flimsy '' but it is not at all . We drilled into studs , so that most likely helped .
 I use this drying rack in my laundry room and I enjoy the convenience of tucking it away when not in use . It is well made and very strong . Wet towels can be hung without any problem .
 Works fine and is useful in a tiny laundry room , but as the others say , will not hold a much weight . Mine also came with 2 sets of brackets so you can move it , which is nice . Also note that this is made of plastic . I may just have not read the description and it always looked metal to me in the pic , but it is white plastic .
 I love this rack . It is compact and yet provides a lot of space to hang clothes or diapers . Once it is mounted on the wall it feels sturdy . This is one of my favorite purchases .
 This is a very nice rack . It is plenty sturdy for wet clothes if properly installed . At least one side needs to hit a stud . If you can manage to get both sides into a stud , you could probably hang a lot of weight from this.When closed , it sticks out about 5 inches from the wall.This is a great addition to our laundry/mud room.We only use it for hanging some of my wife 's undergarments and other swimsuits . We put most everything else in the dryer . This would probably be inadequate if you are a person who doesnt put much in the dryer .
 I read most of the reviews others have left , and agree that those who complain about the rack coming out of the wall did n't install it correctly . I installed mine in our laundry room , one side directly into studs and the other with the included wall anchors and have not had any issues using it . I do n't like my shirts dried so they all get hung , and I have had no issues hanging 6-7 shirts at a time on this rack . It collapses down to almost nothing , taking up very little space when closed . I love it !
 I ordered this item for my laundry room that had limited space to use a floor style clothes dryer . This fit perfectly on the wall and it holds quite a bit of laundry to dry . When I had first read about the product and found out if was plastic ; I was skeptical , but when others had said it was much stronger than it appeared , I took a chance and got it . They were right ... it is much stronger than it seems to be and I made sure to mount it into studs to keep it even more sturdy.Love it !
 this did exactly what I wanted it to . good quality and I 've piled it high with clothes and is holdng up well .
 very happy with product we have small bathroom and at night time we drying clothes and in the morning u can fold it 2 sets of handels give mi opportunity to hang it over heater in the bathroom
 Very flexible space saver . Would definetely recommend it ! Good price.Use it on the closet door . Consider it as agood buy for a small appartments where you need to utilize every bit of space .
 This is a great drying rack ! I have seen similar ones in catalogs for many times more than this price , but this one is fine . It holds enough and is strong , we 're pleased with it . Also , due to the folding design , there is plenty of extra places to &#34; hook &#34; things like bras and smaller items that can dangle and dry that way .
 I love this wall-mount rack because it keeps my basement from looking like a wet clothes dump . Sturdy mount on the wall over the dryer makes it a space saver as it hangs at least 6 items on the cross bars plus anything with straps can hang on the accordion hinges .
 Very happy with the item.Very easy to install.Works great ! Great item to have in your laundry room to hang dish towels , wash clothes , smaller items .
 I had one of these for many years and actually took it with us when we moved in 2010 . After overloading it with more than a dozen wet items it finally gave way after 13 years and I was thrilled to find this on Amazon.com . My laundry room would not be complete without this handy wall dryer . Nice to see that this one here is as well built as my original that I bought in a shop in the Boston area in 1998 .
 The wall mounted rack arrived quickly , given that we 're in New Zealand.The product is everything it 's described to be and is perfect for our needs.I 'm a very happy customer indeed .
 Bought this because we are going to cloth diaper our baby which is due in November . My husband installed it last night . When not it use , it stows nicely out of the way . And I pre-washed a dozen all-in-one diapers last night and hung them all up . They fit perfect and look nice and neat all hanging in the laundry room . Glad I found this product .
 I installed this above my dryer in my laundry closet . Very easy to install -LRB- took me less than 10 minutes -RRB- , and really exceeds my expectations . I needed a place where I could hang delicates and shirts that could n't be put in the dryer , and I also wanted them out of sight so that my small condo did n't look so cluttered on laundry days . This drying rack holds quite a bit -LRB- I currently have about 12 hangers on there with clothes , and could easily fit more -RRB- , and I have no concerns about it coming out of the wall . It 's a small purchase that has really made a difference for me .
 I bought this for our cloth diapers . It can hold about six prefolds and four to five covers . We mounted it near our radiator and everything was dry in the morning . Mind you , we use a spin dryer to get the water out , so things dry faster.The mounting was a bit difficult as the screws did n't go in too far.Overall , considering the price , a good investment . I also bought some hanging laundry hooks to use with this to hang things straight down . I would n't use this for anything heavy .
 I have been handing sweaters over the top and shirts from hangers and it holds up well . It is exactly what I was looking for .
 I love this dryer . I do not like putting any of my running clothes in the dryer so this was perfect to hang in my laundry room . Easy to install and very sturdy for what I use it for .
 Very nice product . It will save a lot of space in your bathroom and still look slim and nice . I am recomending this product to anyone with not heavy cloth .
 It is just perfect for hanging up wet bathing suits and towels . It is also great for those bras that should not go through the dryer . I highly recommend it .
 These things are great , after buying 2 we ended up buying 2 more . We use them to dry kid 's clothes and cloth diapers -LRB- this is GREAT for drying cloth diapers that you ca n't dry in a dryer -RRB- . They could be a little bit stronger , they tend to sag under the weight of a lot of wet shirts or pants , but otherwise they 're a cinch to install and really are a great add for your laundry room , great price too .
 We have a very small laudry room and this is so nice to have ! It pushes back into place and pulls right out when you need it . It supports all the weight you need it to hold . This has been a great item for our very small laundry room .
 I like this for those odd items I have to hang up after the wash , rather than put in the dryer . It is the perfect size for the available space . Easy to put up on the wall .
 I bought this as a supplementary rack for a much larger rack I bought from Home Depot -LRB- Smart Dryer Indoor/outdoor Retractable 46 in . Clothes Dryer -RRB- . It is handy and comes with 2 sets of mounting hardware so it can be used in two different places . It 's pretty lightweight and quite small -LRB- as the dimensions show -RRB- but the bars are round and do n't leave marks on damp clothes .
 My old coffee press broke -LRB- or maybe it was my clumsy dishwashing technique -RRB- so I needed a new one ASAP . This is a small press just enough for a cup in the morning . Simple , fast , easy , but around $ 20 in the stores . Ca n't beat this price . If you do n't know how a French press works , you have to try it . Your coffee will taste a whole lot better than out of a coffee maker . They make bigger sizes too . Great product . I own two coffee presses and a tea maker -LRB- great when you have company -RRB- . Recommend it !!
 Love it ... it was beautiful and looks great at my mother in-laws and she thought it was perfect ... could n't ask for a better snow baby
 I bought this poster at least a year ago . It 's still on my wall to this day . It 's a great size - not too big , but not too small . Great quality .
 Put this sign up in my driveway and it 's a great hit with everyone who comes to visit .
 I love this sheet set-the print is great for a beach themed bedroom . I paired them with the Tommy Hilfiger Huntington comfortor set and the sheets go great with it . The sheets are soft once they are washed and do n't wrinkle too much . I ordered an extra set to make curtains to match . Great price for the brand name .
 Having these is owning functional art . I love the primitive , simple beauty of these pieces , and having them available in different sizes makes them very flexible and fun for arranging . I have two of the 6 '' and plan to add other sizes as my budget and imagination allow .
 I received this grater as a gift about 8 years ago . I have used it maybe 10 times to finely a small amount grate hard cheese , but I look at it much more often and smile.As a small cheese grater for finely grated cheese it works as well as any stand . However , for those who commonly grate hard cheese , I 'd recommend a rotary cheese grater or microplane . However , it does not look nearly as delightful sitting on a counter or table.The rubber rim around the bottom is loose and has since been lost on mine , this does n't detract from it visually , nor did it help much functionally , so it did n't matter.People frequently comment on it 's attractiveness , and I have since gotten it for someone as a gift . I recommend it for a small dose of whimsy , but not for someone in need of a serious kitchen tool .
 I was expecting for the product to arrive after 30days but viola ! in just 5 days , it was already with me.It was a fast transaction indeed .
 This dryer is easy to set up and fold down -LRB- folds to about 4 inches wide -RRB- , and sturdy enough to hold a medium-sized laundry load of damp towels -LRB- 4 bath & 4 hand -RRB- . My one disappointment is that you can only set it up in the fully upright position shown in the photo , though from the way it looks there I thought it might have been possible to set it up in a lower & wider position too , which would make it more stable if set up outdoors on a windy day . All in all , though , I am quite happy with it .
 I really was very happy with the overall usefulness of this product . My husband and I live in a small apartment , and this is the perfect drying rack . It can fit quite a bit of clothing but folds up to a relatively small size to fit in our closet . It is sturdy , especially in relation to other drying racks I 've come across . The only complaint I have is the little rubber feet at the bottom fell off , but since our apartment is carpeted this was not a problem . I 'm sure if we took some time we could easily glue them back on .
 I bought this Polder drying rack to replace an older-style model -LRB- longer , with wooden rungs and aluminum side-tubing -RRB- . My old model had 42 feet of drying space ; the Polder has 48 FEET -LRB- more than the description indicates -RRB- . The Polder takes a little getting used to
 This is a great product . Sturdy , space-efficient and well designed . It holds two to three loads of laundry , handles the weight of wet clothes with ease and folds to a reasonably sized rectangle for storage .
 I had owned the smaller version which was accidently destroyed . I decided to try the larger one and love it . Functions the same , takes up the same amount of floor space and folded space-but holds more . Easy set up and collapse . If you use one as often as I do it is more than worth the money . I paid the same for the smaller version at TJMaxx than this one at Amazon .
 This is perfect for small childrens clothes , and with a reduced capacity adult clothing . Sturdy , and takes little space when stowed or open . Price is right . I 'm replacing the one my 2 year old tried to use as ladder .
 This drying rack gets the job done . Sometimes the plastic pieces at the end of the legs come off , but no biggie . You can just pop 'em right back on.If you need a drying rack for 2 people -LRB- or maybe eve three -RRB- this is a good choice .
 I was looking for something cute to put my coffee beans in , that would keep them fresh , and I think I found it ! -LRB- Just wish it was a little bigger , does n't quite hold a full pound , oh well -RRB-
 I 've had mine for about six weeks now and am 100 % satisfied . A pound of coffee fits perfectly with room to spare , the coffee stays fresh , and the scoop holds the exact amount of coffee -LRB- in my opinion anyway -RRB- . This is the canister I 've recommended to my family and friends and I stand by that recommendation . Plus , you ca n't beat the price . Five stars all the way .
 It does keep the coffee fresh !! We depend on it . Buy it !! It even looks great .
 Bought as a gift , set of two Captain & 1st Mate for house boat owners . Which was a hit . Fast shipping too
 This sheet set is amazing . Its soft and comfortable . I am sooo happy I bought them . They withstand washer and dryer abuse with no problems . I have had my set since xmas and its still beautiful . I love the design on it ... very elegant yet simple and not over done . I recommend that you get it !!! Sweet Dreams !!
 I have washed these sheets a few times and after reading the reviews on here , I checked out the stitching . I have no problems ! It could have better stitching on the flat sheet . But so far mine has held up . I have a front load tumble washer so hopefully that 's been easier on it . They feel and look great plus I loved the price . So no complaints here so far !
 This sheet set looks very expensive and the count is high enough for a very comfortable sleep . Not too heavy . Beautiful print . Looks better than in the picture .
 No problems , no thread problems , no irregulars , just nice soft pretty rose -LRB- I bought other colors as well -RRB- colored sheets . Great buy for the price !
 I had purchased identical sheets at a major retail store for almost twice the price -LRB- and they were on sale -RRB- when I saw these . Thank goodness I had n't taken off the tags , because I returned them . I 'm very pleased with the sheets and the price .
 This sheet set was a good buy . Good quality for the amount of money spent .
 This is nice , it looks a little different from what I thought it would look like . Otherwise , very nice .
 This vacuum is excellent . You wo n't find a better vacuum for twice the price ! The people that complain about it not sucking dirt should n't be allowed to leave an intelligent review ! Their carpet was probably so filthy they did n't realize that this vacuum did such a fantastic job of removing years of dirt that the paper element filter more than likely clogged up the first time they used it and for a very good reason . Once you start using this vacuum that wo n't be a problem . But yes , for the first time or so , you will be lifting a lot of dust , dirt and hair that your old vacuum had been missing for years . I had a top of the line vacuum and was amazed to see what I had been missing in regards to picking up dirt . So just be ready to clean the paper element after you do your house a couple of times -LRB- which almost all the bagless vacuums have -RRB- and you will fall in love with this vacuum . Very handy attachments , lightweight and the cord rewind is a must . I ca n't see wasting $ 500 on a vacuum cleaner when they all break down over the years . I am very pleased with this vacuum and would highly recommend it to my friends !
 Dont hesitate to purchase this vacuum!We are very happy with this vacuum and its abilities.You can not beat the bang for your buck.We have had more expensive vacuums that did not perform like this one .
 Okay . Had the vacuum for 3 weeks and figured out a few pros and cons . A lot of people seem to be mistaken about the suction of this unit . It has average suction power , but it cleans carpet really well . The secret to how this little vac does the job is in the brushes . A lot of you may or may not have taken a rug outside to give it a good beating to get the dust off . The brushes do the same job except better . The brushes beat the tar out of the carpet and the vac sucks up the dust cloud . I ran my steam vac over the carpeted high traffic hallway after vacuuming and the water was almost clear unlike the brackish water I usually get . With this vac you can forget about steam cleaning unless you have cigarette odor or spills to clean.ProIt will clean carpets and rugs really well.Good Value.Rewind feature is a winner.ConsHose is a little short for stairs and 12 ft vaulted ceilings.Power Cord is a little short -LRB- not a problem if your house is up to code with power outlet spacing and you do n't have 2500 sq ft rooms . -RRB-
 Good vacuum for the money . Works like it 's supposed to . Beats my old upright vacuum with a bag that costs $ 10 + a month due to cats . I dig the upholstery-cleaning attachment .
 Was very easy to put together and the pickup power is very good . Have not tried all the attachments but I 'm sure they will be good .
 This vacuum picks up everything . The attachment for the stairs is wonderful . The only drawback is the cord is too short . I have to use an extension cord with it to vacuum .
 I have gone through 3 vacuum cleaners over a year and a half time span . They would either blow up or have parts break off , etc. . Then I got this one ! No more rolling up cumbersome cords , it 's not too heavy and not too light , easy to maintain with only one filter to keep clean -LRB- my last vacuum had 3 !! -RRB- and , of course , does a great job vacuuming the carpet . Highly recommended !
 This is a great vacuum for the money . Sure one could find things wrong with it but what do you want for $ 70 shipped . I wanted a second one for my down stairs . For this price why not . Suck very good and works good on dog hair . Buy one for each room at this price .
 In spite of the good reviews , I was a little worried about the cord rewind . Having had a mixer with the rewind that is hardly able to pull have of the cord in , I was skeptical about any other cord rewind out there . But ... it works like a charm . The cord itself is rather long , which is nice for large rooms , and this thing can pull the entire cord in with a slight push of the button.Another amazing feature is the buttons -LRB- power on/off , tilting -RRB- . They 've managed to position them on the vacuum just perfectly . You can operate the whole thing with slight push of a toe - no need to bend over at all.The dirt container is very functional as well . Not quite the `` push a button and be done '' , as the other reviews may make you believe , but still rather easy to clean . The dirt easily gets on the sides of the filter -LRB- the yellow round thing inside the clear container -RRB- , and does n't magically fall through the opening in the bottom . Detaching the top of the container , that also holds the filter , with an easy twist releases the rest of the dirt . And all the pieces of the dirt container mechanism are very simple to wash with running water.The minor cons are the weight - a little heavy for my taste , which makes maneuvering the cleaner somewhat hard ; the hose does n't expand as long as I expected , and doing the stairs is n't the blast I 'm looking forward to again.With all tried and said , this is one awesome vacuum for the buck . Ca n't imagine buying a better one for a mere $ 100 .
 Very maneuverable with strong suction . One thing we would have liked is a longer extension wand so we do n't need to bend over to apply the crevice tool to the floors . I have n't found one even as an extra cost accessory . This is a problem for us older folks with bad backs . A previous reviewer could n't find the `` powered hand tool '' , and we also thought it was missing until we lifted each of the styrofoam packing bricks and found it on the far side of one of them .
 The vaccum does a great job , but I had a part missing which was a hand held cleanning item . I sent an e-mail to get the item , but have heard nothing . I still would like to have the item , but do not know how to go about getting it . I did get the holder for the item missing , so please advice what I need to do . Thanks
 I like this vacuum and the convenience of not having to use bags . It works very well . I also like the retractable cord . The item arived without the screws that lock in the upper part -LRB- the tail -RRB- of the vacuum , so please check contents carefully .
 The old Kenmore finally died -LRB- 13 years -RRB- , so this was to replace it and serve as the basement rec room unit . We had a newer Kenmore on the first floor , and a dirt cheap Dirt Devil on the second floor . After a couple of weeks , we loved the features on the Hoover so much we made it our primary unit on the first floor and demoted the Dirt Devil to the basement . All the controls are operated by foot , cleaning the canister is a snap , and the retractable cord is great ; vacuuming has become much less of a chore now.The only negative is that the beater bar does n't have a shut off option ; I always worry about burning carpet or scuffing the hardwood .
 So far I think I 've had this vacuum for about a month and it qualifies ! It was the best vacuum that I could find that was in my price range and suction is great . I also love the fact that the power cord automatically goes back by a push of a button .
 I was thoroughly impressed with the cleaning power of this vacuum - especially for the price ! I have a commercial Oreck Dual Stack -LRB- very expensive - about 300-400 -RRB- and I wanted something smaller , more practical , lighter and easier to maintain . The vacuum picked up WAY more dirt after I vacuumed with my Oreck . I was amazed at how much was in the canister from one small area I tested . Truly great power for the price!I had to be very careful after discovering how strong this thing is though - it sucked up a sock that fell on the floor and nearly overheated . I was also trying to vacuum a small area rug and it got a corner stuck in it and quickly burned the rubber backing to shreds ! You must make sure there are no things lying around ... or it will DEFINITELY pick them up ! The attachment hose is also surprisingly short and makes it difficult to really move around without the vacuum being close.Overall - this vacuum rocks ! I am actually happier with this than the Oreck -LRB- especially because it picked up tons of dirt that the Oreck left behind -RRB- . I would buy this for the price - no bags , no filters to replace ... absolutely awesome ! Great attachment tools and easy empty bucket . My first bagless , and I am quite happy with it !
 I love the vaccuum , however , it was missing the powered hand tool . Have been fighting to get a new one ever since ... every customer service representative wants to pass the buck to the next person .
 I have spent hundreds of dollars on supposedly commercial/industrial vacuum cleaners . I had the Hoover for a while and it was in storage and frankly I forgot all about it . Recently , I started using it and I must say I am very impressed . This vacuum has great suction , it 's reliable and it 's a no mess/no fuss empty . The rewinding cord is an added value . It also leaves the `` just vacuumed '' patterns in the carpet which adds to the professionalism of a `` clean '' . I am sold out for it . It 's a great value and works just as hard as those other brands that I dumped hundreds of dollars into and are now sitting in the side lines .
 Has great suction . This is much lighter in weight than my previous vacuum -LRB- Phantom -RRB- , so it is not as hard to push around . The cannister is easy to empty . Like the lightning fast auto rewind of the cord . I have 2 complaints
 The suction/pick up power is very good . I absolutely LOVE the rewind cord feature . It is lighter than my old windtunnel , but the cord is shorter . I 'm getting use to the shorter cord and the emptying feature is nice . I just wish you did n't have to periodically take out the filter and bang it to clean it out . Overall for the money , great suction , and rewindable cord you ca n't go wrong .
 I 've got an apartment with wooly carpet in the living room , short carpet in the bedroom , and tile in the kitchen . This vacuum adjusted noticeably well to the different heights , it was pretty sweet . The clean-up is also very simple
 I love this vacuum cleaner . Its quieter than most , easy to push . Sucks the animal hair up well . The only thing I do n't like is the length of the hose for the tools . Just not long enough and I find I have to use vacuum in odd positions to reach what I need to clean with it . Otherwise its wonderful . Still the best vacuum cleaner I have ever had . If it were n't for the hose being short I would have given it an easy 5 stars . I highly recommend this . I did alot of research before settling on this particular vacuum . Hope I can save others the time . Buy this one folks , you wo n't be sorry !
 This is a great value for money . I love the suction and retractable chord feature.I also love the bagless option and have recommended it to two friends who have bought it and loved it absolutely.With the free shipping and special price option , it is a no-brainer .
 Bought this for my daughters who do n't like to clean ! They say it has unbelievable suction and very easy to use . At least now their floors are clean ! Thanks for super fast shipping and a great product .
 Great vaccum and especially for the money . I paid $ 77 and feel that I deffinately got my monies worth ! The power is amazing !! I used it in my room and was disgusted by the filth that my cheapo walmart vaccum was NOT picking up !! I have been thru several Bissels and after trying this one out , I now see what I 've been missing.I am giving this 5 stars because the only fault it has is the hose could have been longer to reach places better . Overall , I am very please with this purchase and would highly reccommend it to anyone .
 When I first opened it up , it looked a little cheap , and it was a very bright red . But after using it , I love it . I do n't need a large vaccuum with lots of bells and whistles . I just need something that gets the job done . It has the just the right amount of features and is much lighter than other vaccuums I 've tried . The retractable cord is great , I always hated rolling up those long cords before . It 's also very easy to clean . Love the vaccuum and its a great price !
 Once you have it , you 'll never go back . Very powerful and useful attachments . Long cord and easy to use no mess canister with HEPA .
 Overall , I am very happy with this vacuum and its great price . It has great suction and it is very easy to clean . Just make sure you dump the dust into a bag that you can tie immediately if not there may be dust everywhere . I really like the automatic cord rewind option . It saves you time & the extra effort if winding up the cord . The hose attachments are also great . The only negative thing is that it is slightly heavier than I was expecting .
 Nice vacuum , and quiet . Do n't know how you could beat it for the price .
 The wife loves a clean home , and this little guy appears to make her happy . Not to mention , it is much quieter than any other vacuum we have ever owned . The cord storage feature is a nice touch .
 My wife and I bought this just before our wedding as we needed a vacuum . We currently live in an older house that had that `` older house '' smell ... musty , dank ... this vacuum removed that smell ... and lots of ground in filth that was in the carpet . The carpets not only smell better but I can actually see that they are cleaner . Cleanup is a breeze - press a button , detach the canister , hold over your trash can , and depress the lever . The placement of the on/off switch and rewind are n't the greatest but very minor in comparison to the cleaning this thing does .
 The first time I used this machine , I was shocked at the amount of ` stuff ' that appeared in the see-thru container . I had no idea my carpet could even hold that much junk . Great Suction on this machine .
 Had it for a month now and it 's excellent ! Paid $ 57 and it was a steal !
 This was my first bagless vacuum and after using it for a few weeks now , I will never go back . At first I was concerned a bagless would be messy to empty , but due to the easy drop out the bottom design , the dirt just falls right into the trash bag and I am ready for the next cleaning job . And as simple a function as the auto-rewind is , it is a real time saver when it comes time to put the vacuum back in storage.I bought this vacuum based on the positive reviews and Amazan customers did not let me down . I am glad to add another positive review for the vacuum cleaner .
 This is a great vacuum , its quiet , and has great power . It 's pulled things out of the carpet that my older vacuum has left behind for who knows how long . There are many attachments that are well placed and the auto plug rewind was what really made this vacuum my choice . Of course its great that its bag-less and has a rinsable hepafilter that never needs replacing . Its a slight bit heavier then I 'm used to but , its well worth it and the low price you ca n't go wrong with it!Best vacuum i 've purchased in a long time -LRB- I have 2 others from QVC and HSN -RRB-
 This vacuum is very lightweight which I love ! The retractable cord keeps everything neat and contained . it has alot of power . I have pets and I have had to replace vacuums often and they were always getting clogged with feathers and hair ! This vacuum is soo easy to clean I do it after each run . It does take one or two times to catch on how to get the cannister off and back together with cleanings but it gets easier . I love this vacuum so much I recommended it to my mom and she loves hers as well!This is a great bargain !
 This product works great and is as efficient as many vacuums much moreexpensive . It was shipped immediately and arrived no more than two daysafter I ordered it and I paid no shipping charges . This was a great buyingexperience all the way . I recommend this entirely . Ellen Byers
 It is n't as noisy as some Hoover inexpensive models . Its lite . You are not exhausted after vacuuming . It has very powerful attachments .
 Wanted to say it `` sucks '' but not in the slang sense ! It has tremendous suction power , is easy to handle , lots of on-board tools , it 's what I 've been looking for . I am giving away a Eureka stick vac , only a year old , that 's the opposite of this one . It was so loud I had to wear ear protectors when using it ! And it had lousy suction . This oneHoover U5507-900 Elite Rewind Bagless Uprightis n't silent , but it 's bearable . Emptying it is easy . The cord reel is a nice touch too . Handy . It 's only its first day but it 's a keeper !!
 This vacuum cleaner was a new design from scratch and was build with the goal of building an excellent vacuum cleaner at a new lower affordable price point . They hit a winner with this one . We bought this vacuum cleaner to be a supplemental vacuum to get into tight places . Surprise , my wife replaced her name brand vacuum cleaner with this one . She was so impressed with this vacuum cleaner that she also bought one for her daughter.Goes to show you that you do n't need to spend hundreds of dollars to get a real good vacuum cleaner .
 This replaced our $ 600 Dyson vacum that only lasted 2 years . It is lighter , has an automatic cord rewind , and works nearly as well for about 10 % of the cost . A great machine for the money and it shipeed in ONE day !
 The Hoover U5507-900 Elite Rewind Bagless Vacuum is FABULOUS . Great price , sucks the heck out of dust , dirt , cat hair , paperclips , etc. . I love it . I have had many vacuums and this is what I have been looking for . Attachment to use on furniture , stairs , etc. . Soooo easy to empty the container . Never have to touch the dirt , as a little push of a handle and the dirt falls out of the bottom and into the trash . I have oriental rugs and the wool sheds terribly , but this vacuum really vacuums it well . Different levels for carpets and floors . Foot button for on/off and handle . The vacuum really cleans it and is very easy to use . It has only one screw to fasten the handle and a couple little snap-on tool holders ... took me less than 5 minutes . FABULOUS PRODUCT !! I ordered it on a Wednesday on Amazon and it arrived on Friday afternoon . LOVE IT !!
 After searching for the right vacuum to fit my needs , this hoover is doing the job so far . Really like the ease of emptying the container when full and not having to touch the dirt and clean filter everytime . Still like not having to use bags . Good product . Love the rewind option for the cord .
 I 've had this vacuum for a month and have used it several times and I really like it . I have a 900 s/f condo with 50 % split of tile/carpet and it has been more than sufficient . The suction is really good and the one touch dumping of the dirt is extremely nice . If there is one negative it is an extremely minor one in that the hand attachment which is attached to the top front of the unit comes off by itself with minor bumping.For the price you get a good bang for your buck .
 Great product . I 'm loving mine since it does everything I need , without a bag , and the cord zips up with the push of a button -LRB- no winding , : -RRB- It has performed as the description says . Emptying is n't necessarily as easy as they say , but if you need it easier , you need a maid . There is no doubt that I am happy with my product rather than spending several hundred more for something similar .
 Many thanks to the prior reviewers who steered me to buying this vacuum ! I had narrowed the search to two models ; but the two reviewers that mentioned the other model bursting into FLAMES and melting made choosing the Hoover 5507-900 a no-brainer . After trying it for the first time I thought of the reviewer who 's clean-freak mother-in-law bought one after seeing what her more expensive vacuum left behind . HOLY CRIPES ! She was n't kidding !!! I 've waited a month using it before writing this review . Every time I use it I 'm completely grossed out by what it removes from our carpets ; the canister is full every time ; and I clean the tank outside , with a hose , after knocking all the SERIOUS AMOUNT of dust , dog dander , and who-knows-what out of the HEPA filter first . This might seem excessive , but those of you blessed with allergies will understand . The only down-side is the low position where the cord exits the body ; it makes it too easy to run over the cord . But for this kind of clean at this price , I 'll cheerfully live with that .
 I used this vacuum to clean my apartment - which was supposedly already clean before I moved in ... it scooped up so much dirt ! The attachments are great , I use the brush to clean out the inside of the canister and the filters -LRB- no power , of course -RRB- and the other one to clean mattresses and other furniture . Never having to buy bags is definitely a good thing , no extra waste to the environment and no extra cost for you ! It 's great never having to wonder how full the canister is - you can see into it and determine when it 's a good time to empty . Another great feature is that the cord has an automatic rewind , which makes the vacuum MUCH easier to put away and to move from room to room . Only con is that the bottom part continues to rotate when you use the attachments , make SURE you lay this baby down so that you do n't ruin your carpet while cleaning smaller or more upright areas . All in all , great value for the money !
 I purchased it from Amazon in Aug 2007 and have been using it twice a month . It 's by far the best vacuum I 've used so far.The cleaning ability is very good and is reasonably quite.The replacement belts are also cheap.Update
 The power windup cord took some getting used to . It 's on the floor on this model . It took 2 or 3 uses to adjust to this feature . The rewind cord feature , and position of this feature are just fine now . Ease of emptying the cup is great . The power brush attachment is great for tight spaces . Good suction on this product . Great price . Change is good !
 Works great . We love the automatic cord rewind . Easy to empty . It looks like it is built solidly . Picks up cat hair on our carpets . Princess Leia styling and loud colors but overall a great product .
 I love the power of this Hoover . The power cable is a little shorter than I would like , but I love the push of a button power cable rewind . I problem with vacuums before is the durability so I hope this will last more thatn 2 years . Good value for the money . A little heavier than some models , but not a big deal !
 For the price this is a great vacuum . I like the fact that the filter is reuseable and permanent . But at the same time , it needs to be cleaned fairly frequently for it not to clog . I clean it every other use , which seems to take about 10 minutes , time consuming as oppose to my previous vacuum use and put away . The pull out hose is a little awkward and heavy to use , it does n't extend as easily as one would think . The cord rewind is a plus , but stay clear of the plug as it rewinds , gotten hit a few times and it was n't fun . All in all , a fairly decent vacuum for the money .
 The savings of $ 20 to $ 30 in acquiring the cleaner along with the fast shipping was great . My previous cleaner was also a Hoover so I was not expecting such shocking results . After running it for the first time , I was amazed that the collection cannister was almost full . I also like the auto electric cord retriever and the permanent filter -LRB- $ savings -RRB- . Granted , I 've only had it for a few weeks but so far I am very happy with the cleaner.JAB
 Great vac for the price . My wife seems to vac constantly , we have a dog and it is always amazing how much this vac picks up . The filter can get pretty clogged , but with a good cleaning it picks up like new again . We paid $ 86 for it , I have seen it at Lowes for $ 89 . Very happy with it .
 I have 2 much more expensive well-known vacuums and this vacuum , at a fraction of the price , does a better job and has some nicer features . Great suction and the the stair brush is a great plus . If it had a longer cord it would be perfect . The rewind makes life easier and a longer cord would have made it a 5 and with 8 cats that 's really saying something .
 We have had this unit for around TWO months now , it works great . Our last vacuum was a Hoover and it lasted us around EIGHT years . The power behind this vacuuum is awesome . We would definitely recommend this to all .
 this hoover is great light wieght very clean bagless and i love the cord storage nolger you need to warp the cors on the vac this hoover does it for you
 I needed a new upright vacuum , but did n't want to spend a fortune for one of those pricey , fancy-schmancy jobs . I looked at several reviews of this one , and after much thought ordered it . The arrival time did n't take long , and I had it put together in no time -LRB- I 'm female , and somewhathandicapped too -RRB- . It 's much lighter -LRB- 18 lbs . -RRB- than my Eureka The Boss 4-D upright vacuum -LRB- 26 or 28 lbs . -RRB- , has good suction , but does n't groom the carpet quite as much as the Eureka does . The Hoover also has a pet hair brush that works great , has a washable filter , does n't require bags , the dirt empties from the bottom of the container , and I loooove the retractable cord ! All in all , for the price , it does a good job and does n't break your back & shoulder when using it .
 My old vaccum was an upright with a bag . It was made mostly from metal and was lighter than this bagless upright , which is all plastic . Granted this vaccum has all of the attachments connected to it , which probably increases the weight . The suction is very good , even better than my old Hoover bagged upright . It does not not have the beater bars that were on my old Hoover . I think if you are considering this upright , first test one in person . The weight may or may not be an issue .
 I have had the Hoover Windtunnel for 8 years and have loved it , just did n't like having to buy bags all the time and did n't like the idea of vacuuming with all that dirt still in the bag . Ordered the Hoover Elite Rewind and I was so happy to have it delivered right to my door . It vacuums up all that dirt and dust and then you get to empty it out into the garbage and start fresh the next time . I took it all apart and washed it out , let it dry and put it all back together . Love the ease of it all . Love the extra long nozzle tool ! The kids even like to vacuum so that they can see the dirt swirling around .
 This is the second bagless vacuum cleaner and is far superior to the other model . Best features are start , rewind cord and naturally the beater can be operated with foot.It has real good suction , lightweight and colorful , if you happen to care.Amazon refused to commit to two day delivery , though I have primer and a previous customer pointed out in a review that the Hoover had been received within three days.Despite Amazon declining to promised delivery within three days , it arrived in three days .
 Great product . excellent suction . Easy to assemble . Easy to clean . Great rewind facility . Power brush was missing though .
 I admit the rewind feature is what really peaked my interest . I Absolutely LOVE this feature ! The pet tool is WONDERFUL . I used it immediately on my sofas . WOW ! The pet hair it sucked up from my Toy Fox Terrier Mutt was amazing . The ease of cleaning the canister is priceless . I had another bagless that took a surgeon to clean it plus there was a mess to clean up after you finished . I have been using this vacuum for about 2 months and love it each time . I used a Dyson -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- at my brother 's house and hated it . It was so complicating . I just wanted to plug it in and push the ON switch . It would not work right -LRB- Dyson -RRB- & I know it cost my brother a fortune . The hose feature was amazingly complicating too AND I had to wind the cord up when I was done . I have told my friends about the Hoover . It 's crazy because I am not a `` clean freak '' but I truly vacuum alot more often because of this vacuum . My best friend ended up asking her mother to get her this vacuum for Christmas . She LOVES it too . LOL Her 13 yo son thought the vacuum was `` Cool ! '' due to the rewind feature . The hose is not as long as some others - -LRB- Like other people reviewed -RRB- but it works great for me . I do n't have extremely high ceilings in my home and can clean my ceiling fans with no problem . I say this vacuum is THE ONE ! Do n't waste your money on those higher priced ones . Hoover is a name that has been around and one that can be trusted and the REWIND feature is the icing on the cake .
 Cliche as it may be , this vacuum sucks . HARD . I love it - such a giant improvement over my previous canister Electrolux hand-me-down that cost $ 1000 fifteen years ago , all for the low , low price of under a hundred bucks , including shipping . Color me impressed.The good : - Bagless . The dust holder removes easily , and empties out of the BOTTOM , so the dust and dirt and hair goes directly into the trash . Why did n't someone think of this sooner ? - Powerful . I did a once through with the Electrolux first , got some stuff , then went through my apartment with the Hoover . It found dirt the electrolux could n't have after 50 passes . - Floor settings . We have concrete floors , and this did a spectacular job on the hard surface . It also cleaned the dickens out of the carpet . Most vacuums just ca n't . - It 's light . It does n't weigh much , rolls easily , and is simple for me and my girlfriend to both move around the apartment . A far cry from our previous model . - Lifetime filter . No changing the filter , ever . Brilliant . - Rewinding cord . It 's super long , and rewinds very quickly . Much better than wrapping it around the handle like the old model . Great stuff , and powerful.The bad : - The power button is in an awkward place . It 's down low , but not at foot level . Weird.In all , for the price , this is one of the best vacuums out there . I 've owned several different makes and models , and this one has better features , cleans better , and is easier to empty than any of them . I highly recommend .
 This is a great product!Talk about SUCTION POWER , this vacuum has plenty of it ! I also use the additional gear that the vacuum came with to vacuum the interior of my car , WHIC IS FANTASTIC !!!! Emptying the vacuum is also a breeze with a click of a bottom ! No bags to mess with!Additionally , with another push of a button , the cord retracts all by itself , and that is an awesome convenience . With my old vacuum , I had to perform that task manually -LRB- take care of the annoying cord after each use !!! what a pain !!! -RRB- , which was too much hassle and sometimes just for that reason I would not use my old vacuum ... This vacuum will give you everything you are looking for in a vacuum for a great price . Oh yeah ! I also like the fact that you can see thru the vacuum , and that is really cool because you know when the dirt container is full . Make sure to empty the container when it 's full if you want this dirt eater to perform at its peak.Again , Great value for a Great price , you really ca n't go wrong with this machine !!! Big applause to Hoover !!! Good job guys , you got it ! you simply gave people what they wanted , and as simple and as logical this concept may sound , many companies out there fail to listen to the consumers and that 's why they go bankrupt or go to Uncle Sam crying and asking for a bailout ... -
 First of all , the Hoover Elite Rewind Vacuum Cleaner is no Dyson . However , among $ 100 bagless vacuum cleaners , this model rocks . Its actually a very colorful simple machine . And it lets you see much of its inner workings - important when doing maintenance or repair of the machine itself . The fewer the parts , the easier to maintain . What is impressive is the ` lifetime ' HEPA filter which really does its job and is easily accessible behind a red plastic cover . The Hoover Elite Vacuum arrived within a week of ordering it through the ` free shipment ' option by Amazon in its original box . That 's environmentally smart by reducing the amount of material to be recycled . The only tool needed to assemble the handle onto the vac is a phillips screwdriver to secure the one included screw attaching the handle to the vacuum itself . In putting the Hoover Elite Rewind Bagless Vacuum Cleaner to the test , two rooms with wall-to-wall carpeting were first cleaned using a $ 100 Bissell bagless electric vacuum cleaner , followed by a steam vac using clear water that picked up a lot of grunge left by the Bissell . After allowing to dry , the Hoover Elite Rewind cleaned the same two wall-to-wall carpets . One would think the Hoover would n't have anything left to pick up ? Wrong ! The Hoover picked-up a container full of dust left by the other vacuum . And as mentioned , the HEPA filter did a good job of preventing even finer dust from getting back into the room . Clean-up is a snap as the dirt container is easy to remove and empty via a bottom flap . However , it gets messy when you try cleaning the filter from the container . Practice taking it apart for cleaning before you use it for the first time , you 'll thank me for the advice . The HEPA filter thankfully stays pretty clean on its own for the most part . The vacuum even includes an ` air flow indicator ' allowing you to keep tabs on how well the vacuum is working as well when its time to remove its parts to further clean . I 'd recommend cleaning the dust container every time you vacuum to keep problems at bay , and cleaning the ` cyclone filter after every third or fourth use . One complaint would be that the power cord is too low to initially reach . It could be put at the top of the rewind housing to make it more convenient . However , keep in mind that this is a $ 100 vacuum cleaner made in China and distributed by Hoover . Therefore , my biggest gripe is the machine was not made , or at least assembled in North America - meaning that many fewer jobs are where we need them most . The vacuum includes a pet hair paw with a revolving brush allowing one to clean upholstery using its hose attachment . Make sure you carefully check the box for small parts before tossing it . And make sure to keep both the quick assembly manual and the regular manual in your files . I 'm giving it four stars for what it does , and does well within its purpose . Its great for apartments and small homes . And yes , using this vacuum with its HEPA filter will take a lot of dust out of the air - you 'll notice that after its first use . As to medium or larger homes , I 'd recommend a Hoover Wind Tunnel model , or one by Dyson . And if possible , a model made or at least assembled in North America . - Andrew , -LSB- ... -RSB- -
 Very nice I thought that we were doing well with the cleaning untell I used this vac . I think we now have enough hair to make 2 more cats . Works well not to loud and dumping the can works awsome with out puting all the dust back into the air .
 I 've had this vacuum for almost a year now and use it almost every day -LRB- I have two long-haired cats -RRB- . It works well on hard and soft surfaces , as well as furniture when using the attachments . It sucks big time , literally ! I like the retractable cord , you just push a button and it retracts into the vacuum by itself . The dust container is clear , making it easy to determine when it needs to be emptied . Emptying the dust is as easy as pushing a button to release it , pushing another button to drop the bottom lid out of it , then closing the lid . You do n't even have to get your hands dirty . I definitely recommend this for the price .
 I have owned this vacuum for one year now and I am very impressed with the results I have gotten with it . After our old early 90 's hand-me-down Hoover went out I bought a Eureka Altima . The thing worked real good for about 3 months then started smelling hot and making strange noises while in use . Could n't figure out the problem - belt was fine . I unscrued the hood to find the brackets which hold the brushtoll in place were melted . Others have experienced similar results . Now I know the problem ... it 's a peice of s ** t ! Luckily the store I bought it from has a better return policy than the product itself . I got my money back and bought this Hoover instead.Like I said , I have been pleased . I get a sick pleasure out of examining all the dirt and fibers this vacuum pulls up . It gives me piece of mind to know that all that junk is no longer lying on the carpet surface being kicked-up and breathed-in by my family . After seeing what this thing sucks up after just a few days , I can definatly believe the claims that are made linking carpets and asthsma , especially in children.I do have one tip
 I bought this vacuum cleaner on sale over the internet and was attracted by its bagless dirt collection canister and the long power cord with its automatic cord rewind feature . It 's a good and powerful vacuum and picks up dirt great . the revolving brush head is strong and can be over-enthusiastic - be careful that you do n't let it run over cords and other bits of string - I did and the rubber band that rotates the brushhead broke but no worries - the spare parts were cheap and we got them easily on the spot at the local Target store and replaced them ourselves without any fuss . The only thing I dislike is the short hose for vacuuming upholstery - I feel that the hose ought to be longer for greater reach . But this is just my opinion and the other features like the easy emptying of the dust canister straight into a bin makes up for its shortcomings .
 If you 've ever been fortunate enough to have had a high-end $ 500 Dyson Animal , there 's pretty much no going back ever again . When circumstances led me to part with my Dyson , I looked for a replacement with all the same functions
 Best designed of a dozen I 've owned in 40 years . The wheels have steel axles instead of the plastic ones that wear out so fast , the motor is quieter , the cord return saves time , there is a window to see if the roller brush is bound up with hair so you can clean it before the belt is damaged , the canister detach and attach is sturdier and operates smoother than any of the 10 or so < $ 150 models that I checked out at the store and it has the best canister carry handle .
 I 've had this vacuum for over two years , and I have three cats -LRB- and now a puppy -RRB- . It still works great ! Sure it 's a little noiser than it used to be , but that 's alright . The HEPA filter is still working , and as long as I clean the filters every so often I do n't have any trouble . The fact that you hit a lever and it empties from the bottom of the canister is really nice as well.Be careful vacuuming up large things , though -LRB- like hay from our chinchilla -RRB- . I would take out the main filter in the can first , otherwise stuff can get stuck .
 We have had this vacuum for about 2 years and it is very powerful . It 's also easy to clean with no bags , I just throw the dust out and wash it out . It is a bit heavy and some of the attachments are constantly falling off . But on the flip side the attachments are very powerful as well and suck everything up quickly . I use it on my hardwood floors too .
 I have had this vacuum for two years now so figured it was finally time for a review . In those two years I have had no problems . I have a dog who sheds a normal amount so I am vacuuming if not every week at least every other week . The clear canister makes it so simple to see when I need to empty . Every couple of months or so I take the HEPA filter outside and shake it out . I DO N'T use any water on that part of the filter but do rinse the yellow part and the canister as a whole . The sucking power is strong and it has all the attachments I need . If you do n't want the agitator rotating on your carpet while you use the hose then just tip the vacuum a little . I read tons of reviews before I settled on this one and I have been very happy . I never had instances of it kicking out dirt or fuzz like I have seen in some other reviews . Bottom line
 Very satisfied . This Hoover was delivered quickly with no problem . Easy to put together and ready to go . Picks up animal hair and whatever else is on the rug with great suction power . Great pick !
 After trying many vacuum cleaners we found a keeper ! This vacuum is easy to maneuver , picks up dirt -LRB- my carpets look better than ever -RRB- , and removes cat hair with ease . It is n't lightweight , yet it is n't too hard to carry up stairs . The filter is easy to clean .
 You ca n't go wrong for the price . Be forewarned ... the kids will be fighting over who gets to vacuum !
 I recently moved into a fully carpeted apartment and was having a tough time deciding which vacuum cleaner to buy . Me and my wife spent a lot of time researching which product was best for us when we chanced upon this wonderful item on Amazon . Now I have not used a lot of vacuum cleaners in the past so I did not have a lot of expectations but the Hoover 5507-900 model has definitely raised my bar a lot.Its extremely easy to use , and contrary to what I have heard about most vacuum cleaners , this one can be manoevred with ease and DOES NOT feel heavy at all . I thought I had a relatively clean carpet before I ran this on my floor , but the dirt this piece picked up was a shockingly pleasant revelation . The best feature about this product is the Auto-Rewind -LRB- nothing extremely fancy , just a spring mechanism which can be activated with a simple push of a button and the power cord auto rewinds and fits into cord holder invisible from view -RRB- . I read a review from someone saying that he will never buy another vacuum cleaner without this feature and I now know why.Cleaning the canister has been very easy too and the pet hair and other attachments are very useful too.Overall a great buy !
 I read about this cleaner before I purchased it and the opinions of others were correct , for the price , it has the best suction I have experienced , I cleaned carpets that had just been cleaned with another cleaner -LRB- actually another Hoover ! -RRB- , but not near the cleaner this is . I recommend it highly ! The wind-up cord is really neat !
 This thing picks up a lot more than my old vac did . It 's relatively quiet , I do n't have any complaints except stuff seems to get caught in the upper part of the canister , instead of all going to the lower part like it should . I love the retractable cord and the bagless features . Very nice machine .
 I just received this vacuum yesterday and was very impressed at the amount of debris removed from the carpet I tried it on . My concern is that it does not appear to be built very well . The one screw that holds the handle onto the body is small . The instructions state to attach it `` securely '' . I have assembled and built many items over the years and I understand the importance of not stripping a screw -LRB- especially one that attaches to plastic -RRB- . The problem is that it was impossible to tell when it had bottomed out . I suspect it is stripped and I will need to replace it with a larger diameter screw in the near future . The levers that turn the vacuum on and off and release the handle to tilt are not very sturdy . The mechanism for releasing the bottom hatch on the dirt cup also inspires little confidence . I know I should n't expect it to be buiult like a tank at $ 100 , but a few metal parts at key hinge locations that get heavy use would really improve the longevity of the unit without adding too much to the production costs . I hope I turn out to be wrong and this lasts for a few years , which is all I really expect anyway . If I can get 5 years out of a $ 100 vacuum , I figure I 'm getting my money 's worth .
 Believe all the positive reviews . I have a dog and two cats and was convinced I needed an expensive top-of-the-line vacuum that I ca n't afford right now , and bought the Hoover as a stopgap . Anything more expensive would have been a waste of money because this is a great vacuum.The 5507 takes an almost scary amount of dirt out of my carpets , and the handheld attachment power brush has restored my favorite chair , which also happens to to the favorite chair of both cats . It runs quietly enough that the dog is n't terrified -LRB- she 's not a fan , but she does n't feel the need to hide -RRB- . The auto-retract feature is a nice touch , it is light enough to carry on the stairs , and the suction was strong enough to pick up a mess of spilled dry pinto beans the other day.My only complaint , and this is minor , is that the handheld tube can be a little awkward if you have a lot of furniture to deal with , but I do n't think that it is any worse than most other vacuums I 've dealt with.Overall a great deal .
 We purchased two of these vacuums - one for our daughter and one for ourselves . This vacuum is a great buy . It does a wonderful job on pet hair and day to day dirt . I was very surprised at how many times I had to empty it since our older vacuum , a hoover wind tunnel , seemed to be doing a good job . My only complain after a few weeks of use would be a wish for a longer cord . I really like the auto-rewind feature and the ese of emptying the cannister . Would definitely recommend .
 My wife and I got this vacuum a few months ago , and we love it ! Great value , great suction , decent features.But there 's a minor flaw that we discovered . When you detach the wand/extension hose , you 're also detaching the hose that is used when you vacuum normally . In other words , the hose that dirt travels through when vacuuming normally is the same hose that you detach to use the extension . What this means is that when you use the extension , whatever is underneath the unit -LRB- whether carpet , hair , or dust -RRB- sometimes gets sucked up ... and without a tube to route it into the dirt bin , it flies into the air and back into the vicinity that you 're vacuuming.Admittedly , it 's not a major flaw ; it 's more of a nuisance , as I have to be careful of what is underneath the vacuum when I use the extension . Otherwise it 's a great vacuum for the price , and the house always feels noticeably cleaner after we 've used this vacuum .
 At the time of arrival , we had four double coated dogs -LRB- ranging from 25 - 90 lbs -RRB- and it was the beginning of peak shedding season , six cats -LRB- one long hair -RRB- and several caged pets plus two kids . Dust and hair abound . The amount of pet hair , dust , cage litter , spilled critter food , etc. , this machine sucks up compared to our old vac is great ! We use this on wood floors , tile , area rugs -LRB- braided and non -RRB- and wall to wall.We have been using the Elite for a couple months now and are quite impressed . It gets used daily.It is light , maneuvers easier than our old Progressive , easy to empty and far less dust . It is also significantly cheaper than the Dyson . It sucks up hair , dirt , bark mulch , cat food , cat litter , wood shavings , etc very nicely and efficiently.As with all retracting cord vacs , do NOT let the cord fly in - you need to hold the cord and guide it or you can break it -LRB- we have owned different retracting cord vacs over the years -RRB- . But this cords retracts nicely.The only drawbacks are I would prefer a longer cord . 24 ' is not quite enough but it is not a major issue unless you have very few outlets in your home or very large rooms . Also , this is mainly plastic -LRB- nice and light -RRB- but do not drop it or it may crack . The vac does not like to go over a sculpted area rug -LRB- it gets hung up when pushed but pulls over it well -RRB- . Beater bar does not stop when you are using the hand held unit so be careful of what surface you leave it on ! But I can overlook these issues when I see how well it cleans compared to my last two vacs!But for the cost , I am very impressed with this machine and would buy it again .
 The filters trap so much that my other vacuum was missing and I love the automatic rewind cord . It is so convenient . the only complaint I have is that I was reading reviews on the product before I bought it and decided on this vacuum because I read that the filters were washable . My manual says just to brush them off with one of the tools and the manufacturer said they do n't recommend washing . But the brushing seems to be working so far . The vacuum was worth every penny !
 This was a really great purchase . The vacuum works as well as advertised in my opinion and even entertains the kids . -LRB- Who knew spinning dust was such fun ? -RRB- It 's also eye-opening to actually be able to gauge just how much dust is in each room . Vacuuming is much more productive with this Hoover machine even though it 's still not my favorite thing to do . You wo n't regret having this simple to use , lightweight vac .
 I reviewed a million vacuums before purchasing this one , probably would 've chosen a different one if doing it again . This vacuum is heavy if you do a lot of stairs . It 's good on hardwoods but some debris gets scattered by the beater bar . A great vacuum if you have carpet only . Unfortunately within the first few times I used the rewind feature it failed to rewind the last few feet of the cord . Also one of the attachments that clamps to the front of the vacuum continues to fall out during use .
 After being sick of junky vacuums that would either fall apart , overheat all the time , or just fail mechanically in some way , I did tons of research on vacuums and ended up going with this one . The main factors that make it so awesome are the incredible suction power , the manly workman-esque color scheme which matches my tools , the see-through bagless cyclonic chamber , the hepa filter , and of course the rewind power cord.Pros
 Plain and simply , this is an excellent vacuum . Some of the reviews -LRB- ers -RRB- point out that the beater bar does not stop when using the wand , this is true . Others lament that the hose is not long enough , -LRB- perhaps , but it is also well designed an unlikely to break -RRB- . I believe one even carped that the cord rewinds too fast -LRB- huh ? -RRB- . At the core , this is just an excellent tool for cleaning floors , whether they be bare , carpeted , or covered with rugs . I have had mine for 2 + years and it works as well today as the day I got it . It is truly amazing how much fine dirt it pulls from the carpet -LRB- 3 kids , 2 dogs , nuff said -RRB- . Also the fact that it takes only seconds to empty the collection bin while eliminating all paper bags is just good design . If you do choose this machine I would recommend having a way to `` clean '' the HEPA filter -LRB- blowing out with compressed air works well for me -RRB- because it picks up so much micro dirt that it will need to be brushed or blow out regularly . But this is a good thing , because it is getting that grit out of the base of your rugs and carpet where it causes wear.I previously owned a Dyson DC07 which I thought was excellent , and would say the Elite compares very favorably , for about 1/5 the price -LRB- got my Elite on sale @ Fry 's for approx $ 80 -RRB- . A few other comments about the Dyson , that while an excellent vacuum with an extremely clever design , some of its parts are quite fragile , and Dyson will not always sell you an individual replacement part , many must be bought as a unit . So when the exterior latch -LRB- maybe a $ 4 dollar part ? -RRB- on the collection unit broke , the only option was replacing that entire unit at $ 79.90 . Same thing for the bottom collection door . Had to buy an entire new collection bin at $ 51 , instead of just buying the door , which could n't be worth more than $ 8 or 10 dollar at most . For the premium they charge for their product , you would think they would want to delight their customers enough to warehouse individual parts , or partner with someone that will . Since you buy a product for the life of the unit , therefore such a poor customer service policy oversight , would not allow me to recommend them any longer.In summary , the Hoover Elite Rewind , is reasonably priced , has a nice design and is relatively sturdy and well built . So for the price , it just works extremely well .
 I read many of the reviews - good and bad - and decided to buy one of these . I paid $ 89.99 at Costco ; this item lists for $ 139.99 on Hoover 's website . I have nothing bad to say about this machine at this point , and do n't understand some of the complaints that I 've read.Out of the box , the handle is attached with one screw -LRB- provided -RRB- ; there is one flexible rubber hose that easily plugs into two fittings . That 's it - assembly complete . Plug and run . It was amusing to watch the dirt/carpet lint float about in a swirling motion in the clear cannister . -LRB- I need to get out more , huh ? -RRB- The cord does exit the machine at the bottom because of the rewind mechanism ; I was cautious not to run over it while cleaning . However , then I saw a small clip on the upper handle that is obviously meant to be used to keep the cord up and away from harm 's way . If you do n't use the clip , then running over the cord is very likely . That 's why some reviews have mentioned a burning rubber smell , I imagine.Next , the dirt chamber/cannister could not be easier to remove and empty . Push one button and the chamber can be lifted out ; then , flip one lever and the bottom opens on the chamber to release the dirty contents -LRB- over a trashcan . -RRB- Additionally , the motor is very quiet , I think . It is not the loud vacuum noise that older vacs usually have . Its suction power is great , and the attachments are stored in a stealth way about the handle . All of the buttons are yellow and easily seen ; the on/off switch -LRB- which is foot operated -RRB- is larger than any ordinary button I 've ever seen , and is easy to use . I would n't be surprised that if I read the instruction manual I 'll discover some other neat things that I need to know.So , what 's the fuss that I 've seen in some reviews ? I just do n't see the same faults . I 'm sure it will take a little time to get fully used to a new machine , but I am very happy with my purchase .
 This vacuum is great . yes , the rewind feature is awesome but also the sheer sucking power of this vac will have you wonder why you ever sat on your carpet without cleaning it with this sucker fist.Great features : clear canister so all the dirt-a-phobes can see all the filth they are sucking upcanister has a thumb release so your hands do n't have to get near the dustsuper easy asseblyon off power switch at the base of the vac so you can turn it on with a toelightweight for a strong vacsnappy red colorno bags and a lifetime hepa filter -LRB- easy to wash -RRB- 3 levels of adjustment for bare floors , burbers and longer thick carpetsOh yeah and it does n't cost a lot and you do get an attachment for pet hair that works great on just about anything . . lampshades etc.Update
 I researched tons of vacuums before purchasing this one . I wanted the best I could get for around $ 100 . This is the first time I 've owned a bagless vacuum and I was a bit concerned that it would be messy to empty it . Turns out not to be a problem . Everything detaches easily . If you were to open it over the garbage and shake it out , then some of the dust will fly around cause of the shaking . I just set it in a plastic bag , open , and lift it up and everything comes out mess free in the bag . The automatic cord rewind thing was not a selling point for me when I purchased it , but now I do n't ever want to own a vacuum without it - it 's so convenient . I gave it four stars only because it is a little bit heavy , but not too much to be a problem for me .
 Wow ! What a vacuum ! My husband and I just bought this vacuum for $ 99.99 at Best Buy -LRB- we used a gift certificate from a boss , so it did n't cost us a penny -RRB- , the other day . I researched a boatload of vacuums , because ours was a scandal -LRB- as my mother-in-law fondly referred to it -RRB- , so we needed something good . We 'd narrowed it down to 3 , including this one . The selling point for me was the washable filters -LRB- no expensive semi-annual filter purchases to consider -RRB- and the rewindable cord , plus all the attachments . There is something similar to the `` Power Paw '' which is a feature of other vacuums , however , the attachment on the Hoover does not rotate at the brush like it does on other brands/models . I did n't find this to be a problem.When the rep. asked if I wanted the additional warranty , my gut reaction was to say `` no '' , but then she asked me to consider :1 . She does not get commission/awards for selling the warranty .2 . The ext. warranty is $ 20 -LRB- gift certificate = costs me nothing -RRB- .3 . If the vacuum loses suction in 3.89 years -LRB- or if I just think it does -RRB- , I can bring it in and get $ 100 toward my newer , shinier vacuum.Enh ... no skin off my nose , I guess . Sure ! -LRB- Mark calendar for 3.89 years down the road when vacuum `` loses suction '' . -RRB- The real test
 Having two different Eureka Optima 's break within a six month period , I figured it was a sign to maybe try a different make and model . Then I saw this Hoover and figured I 'd give it a try . I 'll admit I was a little unsure at first because it was a little too big , especially for my apartment . But wow , was I surprised by it 's performance and features . Setup was a breeze , took five minutes and a phillips screwdriver . The retractable cord is an awesome feature , but by far my favorite feature has to be how you release the dust cup . It 's just common sense , but took forever for someone to realize `` Hmmm , let 's make it easy and prevent dirt going everywhere by having the cup release from the BOTTOM ! '' And you can do so one handed , with the flick of your thumb . Storage is the same as my old Optima , it 's just a little taller , but I can tell this badboy is going to be around for a long long time . Five stars all the ways !
 First , this vacuum vacuums well ; it has great suction power . If you vacuum carpet that looks perfectly clean , you 'll be surprised at how much debris this thing will find and pick up . Second , for the price I paid , this is a fantastic value -LRB- assuming this vacuum lasts for a few years -RRB- . This is a fantastic design . It maneuvers and gets into tight spaces . The collection cannister is easy to empty without getting your hands dirty/dusty . The rotating brush attachment is great . I used it to vacuum a white couch and was very happy with how clean this vacuum got it . It almost looked like I got the couch cleaned.The retractable cord is a convenient feature.And for and added bonus , this thing looks as good as it works . With its yellow accents , it looks like a Ferrari vacuum cleaner.RELIABILITY UPDATE -LRB- January 8 , 2008 -RRB-
 I bought this vacuum when my Bissell was in the shop for the second time in three months ! I chose this over the Hoover EmPower , which is recommended by Consumer Reports . -LRB- When I saw the EmPower though , I did n't like that the Hepa filter is in the dirt cup , and the plastic body felt cheap . It 's also a pain to remove the hose to use attachments ! -RRB- PROS : * Pretty easy to push , even when on a low carpet setting . * It holds a lot of dirt and fur . * It has a lifetime Hepa filter . * There is a primary filter , which prolongs the life of the Hepa filter . * The cord is on a ratchet , so you do n't have to wrap it around and around every time you use it ! * There is an easy release mechanism on the dirt cup so you can empty it without getting your hands dirty . However , it 's still easy to take apart if you want to clean it out thoroughly . * When you start your vacuuming with a clean dirt cup , you can see proof that you are really accomplishing something ! * The attachments are very easy to use , and transitioning from floor to attachments is simple.CONS -LRB- What do you expect for under $ 100 ? -RRB- : * The cord is n't all that long , so I do have to use three outlets to get three areas of my house . -LRB- But just how much would fit on a ratchet reel ? Winding a long cord manually is more time consuming than moving the plug to another outlet ! -RRB- * The primary filter , which looks like a small Hepa filter , needs to be banged on a rock or something to remove fine dust . -LRB- In Arizona , that 's a lot ! -RRB- It does n't say it 's washable , but I hosed it off one day and made it white again with no visible damage ! * The only extension wand is also the crevice tool ; I 'd prefer to have a large bore tube extension in addition to the crevice tool . * The crevice tool likes to fall off sometimes while I 'm vacuuming . * As with ALL bagless vacuums , the dirt cup should be emptied in an outside garbage can because dirt WILL fly around to some degree . If that 's not convenient for you , you should probably stick with bagged vacuums . * I tried it on a bare floor near the cats ' litter box , and just got my ankles sand blasted . Better to use attachments on bare floor , since the beater brush ca n't be disabled.So now I have a Bissell CleanView Deluxe and a Hoover Elite Rewind . Despite minor drawbacks , I find the Hoover so convenient to use that I 've been vacuuming daily since I got it ! This makes my home cleaner - and even fresher smelling ! This vacuum was very reasonably priced , and I really feel I got a great deal for the money .
 I vacuum every day and my very old bagged Windtunnel needed major service that I did n't feel was worth the money . I researched this vacuum and read all of the reviews before I decided to buy it -LRB- Consumer Reports has n't reviewed it yet -RRB- . I wanted a bagless because of the ease of emptying and no bags or filters required . Even after reading the reviews , I was pretty skeptical of a $ 100 vacuum.This vac is worth the money and it cleans very well to excellent on carpet . It has a lot of suction , the mechanical upholstery tool is an added bonus , and it takes one screw to assemble . Someone mentioned that they were tripping over the cord because it 's at the bottom . There is a clip on the handle to hook the cord , so that fixes that problem . My old Windtunnel wands fit this model , so extra wands are probably a universal fit . This vac is also much quieter than my expensive Windtunnel.I vacuumed my carpet first with my Windtunnel and then went over it with this vac . I was really surprised at how much actual dirt it picked up . I mean really surprised since my Windtunnel has a dirtfinder feature . I then vacuumed the hard kitchen floor and it does an OK job . I used the upholstery and stair tool and was very impressed with that also . There is a lot of suction through the hose which is sometimes lost on cheaper uprights but not this one.All in all , for the money , I do n't think you can go wrong . It empties from the bottom like a Dyson , it cleans carpet better than most , you never have to replace the filters including the HEPA , and it 's easy to use and operate . If you place it side by side with a Dyson , it 's nearly identical in being plastic , bagless features are the same , and Consumer Reports only gives the Dyson vacs very good ratings on carpet , not excellent . This vacuum is very basic with a few features , but for the price , you ca n't go wrong . It 's also guaranteed for one full year . I think you 'll be very happy with it .
 I LOVE my Elite ! It is absolutely amazing . Both light and flexible , it picks up even miniscule particles of dust . I have used it on both my carpet and linoleum floors and it is awesome . With three cats I have a lot of cat hair and the Elite picks it up and does n't leave a trace . The tool attachments are great , too . They work fantastic on stairs and furniture . The rewind feature is soooooo cool . Just * zip ! * and the cord is put away and does n't risk the chance of unraveling . I ca n't say enough good things about this vacuum ! I highly recommend it !
 I love this vacuum . It 's easy to clean . Easy to use . It has a lot of power . I 'm glad I bought this product . Good job Hoover !
 This was an inexpensive vacuum cleaner and it is a bit more plastic and cheaper looking than more expensive models but it does the job . It has good suction and took more dust out of the carpet than my last cleaner did -LRB- which was a more expensive one -RRB- . I like the retracting cord and the cable length has n't been an issue at all even for my large rooms . Great for the money .
 It is a very good vacuum cleaner for the money , does a great job the only thing did not like was that the belt broke evry soon but other than that I have no complains
 Excellent vacuum for the money . Love the retractable cord and bagless features . Replaced 20 year old vacuum for light duty on area rugs rather than wall to wall carpets . Easy to use foot switches and attachments . Highly recommended .
 this is the perfect solution for pet hair and sand . this is the best vaccume i have ever owned . i am 100 % satisfied
 I have been looking for a light but powerful vacuum cleaner for quite a long time . At one point I even purchased Dyson , but after trying it on our area rug and carpet , I realized that it was not worth $ 300 . Very positive reviews about Noover U5507 - 900 prompted me to buy one through Amazon.com . First of all , I received the item on the 5th day after ordering it . I love it ! It 's light , it 's powerful , the suction is great . It 's easy to operate . I 'm very happy with the auto-rewinding feature . I 'm going to buy the second Hoover for the upper floor of the house.Thank you all who took time to write a review . It helped a lot .
 I bought this product a couple of months ago and it has worked fine up until this point . I think that its a terrific product and you definitely are getting your money 's worth . Anyone looking for a vacuum , this is a pretty good one . Inexpensive , very light and very strong . Can use for a variety of tasks around the home .
 I 'll keep it simple ... Here 's what I like
 I spent a lot of time on Amazon and other websites trying to find a great working vacuum . I am very pleased I bought the Hoover 5507-900 Elite Bagless Upright Vacuum cleaner . For the past few months I 've used it several times and it still picks up all the dirt and dog hair . I have no complaints about this vacuum . I just hope it lasts a long time . Great purchase for apartments . It 's light and does n't make too much noise .
 One of the move powerful vacuums that I have had in the past and I love the rewind of the cord . Great Price . Would recommend to anyone to buy this brand .
 This is a great vacuum for a very reasonable pricePROS1 . Very good suction and sucks up everything in sight2 . Easy to empty3 . Automatic chord retractionCONSNone
 IF YOU HAVE KIDS OR PETS IN YOUR HOME THIS IS THE BEST VACUUM YOU CAN GET.IT CLEANS CARPET REALLY GOOD.AFTER CLEANING WITH THIS VACUUM CARPET FEELS LIKE NEW.IT IS ALSO EASY TO CLEAN.I BOUGHT OTHER VACUUMS BEFORE THAT ONE BUT THEY DO NOT CLEAN THAT GOOD AFTER ONE USE . AND THEY ARE NOT THAT EASY TO CLEAN.IF U HAVE KIDS OR PETS IN YOUR HOME YOUR LIFE WILL BE MUCH EASIER.THIS VACUUM IS GOOD FOR YOUR OWN HEALTH TOO BECAUSE YOU WILL BREATH IN CLEAN AIR .
 Hoover U5507-900 Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless Upright Vacuum Cleaner . This is a nice vacuum , easy to maneuver . The suction is pretty good . Favorite features are that its bagless and also the automatic rewinding cord saves a lot of time and backache .
 this is by far the best vacuum cleaner that I owned . far better than the last Hoover model.Cleans great , easy to empty , also the auto rewind for the card is excellent.also the price is reasonable .
 This vacuum was promptly delivered , easily assembled and works as advertised . What more can you ask for ?
 I purchased this to replace a Bissell Bagless vac . I am extremely pleased with this vacuum cleaner . It 's light , has a lifetime hepa filter and a handy cord winder . The powered hand tool works great on furniture . I hope the person that engineered the hand tool got a big raise . It 's powered by the suction of the wand and works perfectly . The Bissell I owned worked ok but had numerous filters that had to be cleaned often . This Hoover does n't have the multiple filters and has better suction . The only complaint I have is the cord length . It 's slightly shorter than most but the cord winding feature outweighs the length . Just keep an eye on the price . It fluctuates widely day to day from a low of $ 77 to $ 100 on this site .
 All facets of the Hoover Upright bagless vacuum met expectations . The bagless container is removed easily , the power cord recoils with ease and it cleans very well . I ordered it on Sunday night with the free super savings shipping and it arrived that Thursday . Another good Amazon purchase !
 This sweeper is pretty good ! It does at times spit stuff out but definitly not as much as other vacuums . It doesnt do it every time and overall i 'd recommend this to anyone .
 My previous vac I thought was doing a decent job until it broke down and I got this one . The price was great -LRB- less than $ 100 -RRB- and cleaning the carpet has just become a lot better . The power of suction is awesome , cleaning the cannister is quick , rewind feature and the lamp is a bonus.Downsides - A little heavier than I thought , floor adjustment knob needs to be adjusted when moving from carpet to bare floor .
 I have had this vacuum for several weeks and so far I am pleased . It really gets up the dirt . I wish the plastic pieces worked better ... . VERY hard to change the adjustment for carpet height . The cord could be longer but I attached an extension cord and the hose could be longer too . Overall , I like it .
 I love this vacume ! It has great features like pressing one button to retract the cord . And that it is bagless and gets great traction . Several different attachments that are nice . Decent cord length and easy to use . The vacume does tip over easier than some others I have owned so be for warned . But all in all it is still a great vacume .
 This vacuum is all that it 's advertised to be -- lightweight , versatile and a terrific cleaner . But NOBODY seems to carry parts for it . Even the Hoover site shows the final filter as being `` out of stock '' and I think that really means they never stock it . Why not ? Are n't there enough of these vacuums out there now to warrant selling the parts ? If I ca n't find the filter now , when the vac is fairly current , what will the availability of parts be in a year or two ? Love the vac but I 'm irritated that service after the sale is non-existent .
 This vacuum is good . I like the floor/carpet option dial for cleaning because it lowers the vacuum head so that if you want to vacuum the bare floor it will pick up all the dirt . The on/off switch , lower the vacuum switch and the cord rewind switch are all accessible by foot , which is very nice . The only issue I do have with this vacuum is where the plug is located . I love the concept of having an automatic plug rewind ; however , it is located towards the bottom of the vacuum that you have to make sure that you hold the cord up nhigh enough . If not , you will then constantly be vacuuming over it .
 Did my research and found this one - for the price it ca n't be beat . Love the cord rewind , lifetime Hepa and the easy dump container . Ca n't go wrong with a Hoover and this one is great !
 I have to start by saying how much I LOVE AMAZON !! Thank you for the continuous exceptional customer service and prices ! This vacuum is AWESOME , the price is great , and the shipping is FAST . I highly recommend this product and this store !! I do my homeowrk and shop around , and this is a superior product at a fantastic price !!
 This vacuum was the answer to my prayers ! Of course it has the power you expect from a Hoover so the best feature for me is the rewinding cord . I have a cat who likes to chew on powercords . Not the small cords on things like lamps and clocks , but the thick cords on vacuum cleaners and computers and such . He ca n't find the cord on this vacuum and it drives him nuts !
 For the money I paid for it , I am very happy
 This is a great vacuum ... It was almost kind of gross what we saw it sucking up after we vacuumed with our old one !! Terrific value for the money !
 I just got this vacuum and I am loving it . Now , I own a Hoover Steamvac which I just used YESTERDAY and when I got my new Elite vacuum it pulled up so much dirt and dust and cat hair I was amazed ! I promptly vacuumed all of my rooms again just to see the yucky junk that would come up . I have 4 cats and a toddler and am amazed to see the dirt that came out of our freshly steamvac 'd carpets.I like the there are no bags and that you can see all the dirt and debris . Plus the beater bar fluffs up the carpet nicely.I have owned many other vacuums but this is by far the best I 've owned .
 I bought this vacuum from Amazon.com at about $ 40 less then what Walmart was selling it for . It was delivered quickly and without any damage . The vacuum performs VERY WELL , even when compared to the expensive models like Dyson . I 'm not saying it 's as good but it 's pretty darn close . You can actually see all the crap that comes off the carpet with this vacuum and cleaning it is a snap . It 's kind of fun to see how much dust/dirt comes off each time I vacuum . I ca n't speak for it 's longevity but it seems like a sturdy/well built vacuum.If you 're on a budget and want a GREAT vacuum for the price look no further .
 Everyone 's skeptical about buying home appliances/products that seem a little too inexpensive ... I am ! Which is why I did n't get the vacuum that was thirty or so dollars cheaper than this one even though it had more reviews . We are all looking for durability , quality , lifespan , and performance . The reason I choose this vacuum over the hoover u5140 , -LRB- which has over a thousand reviews at a 4.5 star rating -RRB- , is because despite all the rave reviews for it , that vacuum cleaner looked like something you 'd find at a flea market.The Hoover 5507 Elite however , has a much more appealing design that illustrates quality . And these looks are not deceiving ... Assembly is far too simple requiring only one phillips head screw to connect the main handle to the base . This does not take anything away from it 's durability & once connected & assembled , the vacuum is concrete . The material used for the vacuum is high quality , as is the material used on the hosing . The only issue with the design is that the attachment hose is connected to the vacuum with a rotating grip that can come loose when maneuvering the hose , but it is n't difficult to adapt and does not provide much , if any , frustration.The performance is exceptional and the suction is above par while vacuuming carpet . I have limited bare floor space in my apt & I use the hose attachment for the tile I do have , so I can not comment on how the bare floor functions . The attachment operation is perfect and performs as expected . The bagless cylinder is an added bonus and is fulfilling to able to see all of the crap you pulled from your `` clean '' carpet . The retractable cord is a relief from the annoying alternative and has provided no issue.I 've had the vacuum for 2 months now and use it at least once a week over a 800 sq/ft apt . No issues thus far.Definitely , worth the less than $ 100 investment for a quality vacuum such as this . Unless you 're an obsessive spender , there is no need to pay $ 250 - $ 500 for a vacuum cleaner that will probably perform only slightly different than this model .
 I shopped around for the best vacuum deal and for the money , this is the best . It sucks . Which is a good thing . The only issue is you need to adjust the carpet level knob when going to a different length rug pile even if the change is small but this is easy enough to do . I like the fact that all switches and controls are foot operated -LRB- except the pile length knob -RRB- , so there 's not a lot of bending over . I read some reviews that complained about dust when emptying the hopper but that seems to be personal work habits . The trap door makes this easy and neat if you use some common sense . I paid $ 89 through Amazon and found the same machine at Target for & 139 . Now let 's see if it lasts a few years .
 I like it . It seems to clean very well - good suction - gets the dust and pet hair out - even deep down in the carpet . -LRB- True when cleaning the carpet on the floor . -RRB- I would have given the vacuum a 5 star except that the attachments are hard to use . It may be that the hose is so new that it wo n't stretch far enough , but I had to struggle a lot when using the small head on the stairs . At one point I thought I would just forego the attachment and hold the whole vacuum to clean the steps . Ha , no - there is nothing to hold on to.Another problem that I have with it is that the main brush head does not stop turning when you are using the smaller head attachment . The hose was so short/tight that when I was cleaning my sofa I decided to set the whole vacuum up on the cushion . Well the main brush chewed a hole right into my upholstry because it did not stop turning when you switch to the attachment.The vacuum is of moderate weight - not as hard to lift as some that I have owned . The noise level seems to be about average or maybe a little better than some . The controls are fairly easy to use . You touch the lever with your foot to release the body to begin vacuuming and also to start and stop the vacuum . The lever to recoil the cord is a little awkward to use with your foot -LRB- leaves you off balance -RRB- but if you use your hand , you have to bend over to get to it . I choose to bump the lever to recoil the cord slowly . Otherwise the cord would be whipping around and causing damage/injury because it recoils so quickly.Overall , I like the vacuum because it does clean so deeply and the canister empties easily .
 When my new vac arrived , I was so excited and quickly assembled it -LRB- easy instructions included -RRB- . . My old one was just worn out and tired . I purchased this one because of the reviews and price . I turned on the vac and started vacuuming away , watching the cup start to fill with pet hair -LRB- I have Golden Retrievers - heavy shedders -RRB- , then I bumped the vacuum and got shocked , then again and again . The hose was shocking me . I changed plugs and still got shocked . I even had someone else push it thinking it was just me and they got shocked as well . -LRB- I read the pamplet that came with the vacuum for an answer - was n't one -RRB- I contacted Hoover customer service and Amazon via email . I got emails back . The email from Hoover told me to call them and gave me a phone number . I called and explained what was going on and she told me to adjust the height up . She said I was getting too much friction causing static electricity . With the humidy levels the way they were at the time -LRB- I live in Oregon -RRB- and friction level high that was probably what the problem was . I adjusted it up and I stopped getting shocked . Problem solved . The vacuum does do a great job and I am happy with it . Dirt cup is not as easy to dump as my last one , but it is okay . Overall I am satisfied with the vacuum .
 I was in the market for a new vacuum , I 've been using a very old Kenmore vacuum -LRB- probably about 9 + years , it was a hand me down from my parents -RRB- . Suffice to say the Kenmore 's motor finally kicked it , and I figured it was time for something new.I searched for about 3 days and read to reviews on maybe 6 different choices on this website . This vacuum stood out the most so I decided to give it a chance . The price is very fair for this vacuum -LRB- it sells for about $ 126-150 still in hotel bulk order catalogs -RRB- , and the shipping was amazingly fast from Amazon.Pros : - Very powerful suction - Very light and sleek design - HEPA filter , and bagless ! -LRB- very easy to take the compartment off and slide the mess right into a trash bag , also really easy to clean filter -RRB- - Auto-Rewindable power cable -LRB- it does rewind quite fast so be wary -RRB- - Extremely quick and easy setup - Fairly long reach on the detachable hose - Very easy to toggle height settings - Not as loud as I had expected it to beCons : - Auto-Rewind cord is a little too fast - No function to shut off the motor of the brush when you use the hose - Mine did not come with the one screw you need for the handle , but I managed with one I had around the house . - No other colors!Overall this vacuum is very well priced for how well it cleans , you will be surprised how much dirt and pet hair you will pick up when you first use it ! I have only just recently got it , so I do not know how it will stand up with the test of time , but from the other reviews it seems to be pretty sturdy . *** A Year Later - April 13 2010 - Just changed the filter for the first time , works like new ! Nothing else to report vacuum is still very strong , the attachments are all in mint condition and the beater works just like it did out of the box ! Suction was becoming a problem until I changed the filter .
 Was about to buy the Dyson but ended up buying this . I did not want to pay extra for a little loss of suction power . Besides if you empty the bin each time you vacuum , it wo n't lose any power . And this vacuum is very easy to empty . Your hands do not get dusty/dirty while emptying it . Bottom line is I wanted a quick vacuum that 's not too pricey . Below is a short list of major Pros/Cons I found in this vacuum.Pros : * Retractable cord * No bags and a lifetime HEPA filter -LRB- easy to empty bin -RRB- * Strong suction -LRB- compared to my old bag-vacuum -RRB- * Pet hair cleaning tool -LRB- powered brush -RRB- * Compact size and not too heavy.Cons : * No extension tool for long unreachable areas . * On/Off switch at the foot is not convenient . * Pet hair cleaning tool fall off easily from the attachment . A bit annoying.Background
 I was fed up with my old vacuum -- it really sucked -- no , wait , that was the problem -- it stopped sucking ! When I found myself stopping to pick up threads and fuzz from the rug , I knew it was time to kick that old one to the curb ! I did my homework and took the plunge on this machine . I ca n't tell you how shocked I was at the amount of dirt and dust that came out of my rugs ! I vacuum regularly , have no pets , no kids and we all take our shoes off at the door -- but you 'd think I had n't cleaned in years ! It was almost embarassing ! I had used the powder rug freshner years ago and it was still down there , deep under the pile -- not anymore ! I love this machine . The price was right , it is easy to use , does n't make a lot of noise and cleans like a dream ! Do n't hesitate if you need a new machine !
 This machine really sucks up the dust well . I love being able to take it apart and clean up the two filters . One of which is the lifetime HEPA filter that is going to save me money . A previous reviewer said that dirt falls out of the hose when you switch to the accessories -- that was not my experience at all.It is really neat watching the big ball of lint form as you vacuum carpet . And the little accessory with its own power brush is super for stairways . As for drawbacks , I would agree that it would be nice to have an extension wand . And on another point , be cautious when rewinding the power cord , I got whacked on my ankle because I did not hold onto the plug like the instructions advise .
 I will list the cons first . I have used it plus read all 186 reviews .1 Nobody touched on this but its a pass through motor . The empro has a seperate chamber so particles never go near the motor itself . Every vacuum i have had is a pass through but you run the risk of siezing the motor if you go over glass or nails . But who in their right mind does . Some people had a hard time getting another belt . Their $ 4.99 from Hoover plus shipping and you can find them cheaper buy one for when it goes . IF you need more extension just go get a hose peice at a vacuum shop and add on . Hoover has some 10 foot extensions that make it 20 ft . Some think its too short . The big thing that makes me mad is that the brush turns when you use the attachement thus you can rough or burn up fabric if it sits too long on one place . Dont set it up on a velour chair . If I was going to do heavy cleaning with the wand I would set it on a cheap throw rug . This is agreevating . Be very careful holding the cord when your rewind letting it go slowly into the rewind housing . Just common sense great feature if it broke no big deal just hang the cord over the machine when done . Cord could be longer 10 foot would of been so cool even 20 more but I can do my 1200 square foot house with 5 plug changes its ok about 22 foot useable . you do get a little scatter around the machine when using the tools its ok just vacuum the area before you move the machine is a pleasureThe goodPics up very well great suction and brush . empties easily a little more work to clean the in chamber filter but worth it . You drop the crud from a swith at the top and a bottom door opens . You close then unscrew the top and shake the filter out and whipe it with a tooth brush if real bad . This thing sucks up dust like you wont believe . The hepa needs brushing out about every 3-6 months . I empty the chamber each time I use it and clean the filter . Take it out to the can in the attached garage it take 3-5 minutes tops . Hose atachment needs absolutely nothing to turn on you just lift the handle to the upright position and its on grab and use . Just remember that darn brush spins and is rough on the spot where its at grrr . It has a foot on and off switch which is fine thats seperate . A switch on the cord reel you push when taking out or rewinding . Tools are great a wand and a brush . Assembly was intuitive for me took 5 minutes with on phillips screw for the nandle dont go down from the top put it in from the back side going forward to mate the parts then set the screw firm but not to tight . Headlight is great and its very , very quiet . ITs fine on wieght not a ultralight but overall for a full tooled vacuum it comes in lighter for a solid full service vacuum . Hoover parts are everywhere as are service centers it has a 1 year warranty . I like it the Empro is the replacement but not as upscale this was a top machine but has a few rough edges its a toss up which way to go . I bought this on sale very please plus I really like that darn rewind it makes it a complete toss up whether to buy the newer Empro or this . I say buy this while its around you can get the empro later for your next vacuum . This could last years in a house with no pets and is perfect in a house with them as they destoy machines and this is dirt cheap for what you get and it is as good as anything my OREK or a Dyson period . I like it better .
 this vacuum works great and it is easy to empty the dirt , I love it !
 I bought this vacuum four months ago and it works great ! Easy to use and really seems very powerful . Picks up things from your carpet that you did n't even see . The push-button release for the dirt container makes it very simple to empty . This is an excellent vacuum for the price . I use about a mid-range height setting for my carpets and it works great .
 We were looking for a powerful vacuum that did not cost too much and seem to have found it . The carpet looks great and it is easy to use and store . The cord rewinds and that is helpful for storing . I like the bagless filter system and although not easy to clean it works well . It is very powerful and a good buy for the money .
 We bought this Hoover Elite firstly due to the price and secondly because it promised to do wonders with pet-hair . We have two dogs -- a jack russell and a french bulldog . Their fur has an awful tendency to weave into things -LRB- carpet , furniture , even your FEET -RRB- and can be quite difficult to remove , as it 's not fluffy and light like some dogs ' fur . The Hoover Elite does the job wonderfully.I never cease to be shocked and amazed at how much gunk this beauty takes up from our carpets !! We do n't wear shoes in our home , and I vacuum about 3x a week . . Yet still , each time , my jaw drops at just how much hair , dust , fur and other nastiness the Hoover Elite is able to find and suck up . It also goes from our carpet to tiled floor very easily , and the hand-held nozzle has some stretch to it for those hard to reach corners and edges along the floor . The upholstery vacuum/brush attachment works wonders along the edges of sofas and such . Sometime these attachments can be shoddy and unreliable -- not so with the Hoover Elite ! The Upholstery wand did an exceptionally impressive job when I used it on my dogs ' beds/mats ! I love that emptying the canister is quite easy and painless . Because the canister pops open from the bottom , there is no mess . No getting your hands dirty . No disgusting dust wafting up into your face.And , of course , you ca n't talk about the Hoover Elite Rewind without talking about the ` rewind ' aspect . I LOVE that the cord is put away with the touch of a button . Very very handy . I need to warn you though -- it really sucks the cord in quite quickly . Hold the plug end of the cord in your hand while you ` rewind ' it ... otherwise the plug end is left thrashing around at the end of the cord , and it really could hurt if it hit you . The cord is also really long -- I can vacuum my entire living space , kitchen AND bathroom without having to switch plugs . Love that .4 stars out of 5 . One star taken off because , while not a `` huge '' vacuum , it 's also not exactly tiny or light . You do need a little muscle behind this thing . And also because of the danger of that thrashing cord . I just worry about a child standing too close while it 's being zipped in , and being whipped -LRB- essentially -RRB- in the face . Yikes . It 's a very cool feature , but common sense and care needs to be exercised!Great vacuum , though ! Highly recommend it !
 Hoover U5507-900 Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless Upright Vacuum CleanerI love this machine . Just turn it on and go . I have noticed an improvement in my hallway carpet . It seems to be constructed well , and will hopefully last longer then my previous vacuum cleaner .
 I have bought two of these over two years ago , one for myself and one for my father . I have a large indoor dog and this vacuum is amazing for the price . It is easy to empty and the filter housing is simple to take apart . I have only taken the filter out once on both machines . I knocked dust from the elements for several minutes , I finally shot it clean with compressed air . Now that I know how easy it was to clean it , I intend to do this every 6 months or so . I wish Hoover would have put a longer cord in it , just five more feet would make a difference , other then that it is perfect .
 I have owned this vacuum for about 3 months and use it at least weekly . It does a fantastic job on carpets . It 's fairly lightweight and easy to emply . The rewind feature is cool but I 'd love the vacuum without itSturdy and pretty much trouble free - I highly recommend it .
 The vacuum has a very strong suction . I was amazed with how much dirt it pulled up from my carpet . The vacume came quickly and in great shape .
 Forget the $ 300 + Dyson and other overpriced vacuums . This little sucker -LRB- pun intended -RRB- does a fantastic job without breaking the bank . I have three dogs - two of them long haired - plus two cats and this thing picks up pet hair like you would not believe !! It 's simply unreal how much dirt and hair is in the canister after every cleaning . The auto cord rewind is a very nice feature , and the motor is quieter than any other vacuum I 've ever owned . Also , no problem with dust emissions spewing into the air everytime I turn it on like my previous Fusion . All in all I could n't be happier with this product . Do n't hesitate - just buy it !
 I 've only been using this vacuum for about 2 months , but so far I love it . I love the rewind feature for the cord , as that was one of my least favorite things with my older vacuums ... trying to wind that cord back up and unwinding it the next use . The collection cup empties with ease and does n't make a mess in the process . I ca n't say anything bad about it .
 I love this vacuum . I checked all the reviews -LRB- everywhere -RRB- first and this one was rated better than most of the others , including the very expensive ones . It does a great job on the carpet and floors and the rewind feature is wonderful . I was very hesitant about getting a bagless , but after using this one I will never go back to bags . The dirt compartment is surprisingly large and it is amazing to see how much `` stuff '' you are picking up . It is very easy to empty ... not at all messy like I expected . I also like the fact that the attachments are all right there in their special slots ... very easy to access and use . The only reason for withholding 5 stars is I have n't owned it long enough to make a judgment long-term .
 I was looking for a new vacuum for my apartment , so I did some research and read a lot of reviews about many different vacuums . After much hemming and hawing over which one would suit me , I decided upon this one and I was pleasantly surprised ! This vacuum has really nice suction and it does n't seem to lose that the longer the vacuuming session runs ; it also really fluffs up the carpet . I have a dog and she does shed . This vacuum does a really good job at picking up the hair . I have been able to use the pet attachment tool and that works pretty well . Animal hair is stubborn anyway , so I needed a little patience to suck it all up and get those little hairs that were entwined with the fabric fibers . I am glad that I purchased this vacuum . One caution though , when you use the hose , the main agitator still runs . So , be careful what your vacuum is sitting on or you will have a worn spot on your carpet if you let the vacuum sit in one place for too long .
 I read the reviews and finally decided to go for it and get a decent vacuum , and it works great ! The attachment hose is super powerful and the vacuum itself works much better than our old vacuum , plus it 's lighter and quieter . Cleaning out the dirt is simple to do , and you do n't have to get your hands dirty to empty it . There 's even a sensor to tell you when you need to dust off the filter ! I 'm very pleased with my purchase and would definitely recommend this vacuum to other buyers .
 i got this vacuum a week ago and have been really impressed with its performance so far . my carpets look really clean , and i 'm amazed with how much junk it sucked up . i have long hair , and it used to get all tangled up in the brushes of my old vacuum . i was particularly impressed with the amount of hair that made it past the brushes and into the canister on this model . that 's good , because it means i wo n't have to spend lots of time cleaning out the brushes ! but i think my favorite thing about this vacuum is the cord rewinder ! it 's awesome . this vacuum is a great value for the price .
 I did research for a vacuum cleaner that cleaned well and was affordable . I found both in this product . It was easy to assemble , the attachments are a great addition -LRB- my son has asthma and allergies and the attachments help keep the dust down -RRB- the suction is terrific and the retractable cord is a nice plus . I have cleaned almost every room in my apartment and it never seemed so clean . I 've always liked Hoover products and this one does not disappoint .
 I have n't vacuumed my place in weeks then tried this vacuum and picked up a liter worth of dust from two rooms alone . This hoover is amazing , the suction power is unbelievable . As an asthmatic with a dog , I can definately tell the differece by breathing better .
 This has proved to be one of the best vacuum cleaners I have used . My neighbor has one of the really expensive Dyson vacs ; so I borrowed it and vaccum the house first with it then went behind it with the Hoover U5507-900 and I was able to fill up the canister even after the Dyson had been used . It has great power and the attachment for cleaning couches is very useful and suprisingly strong . The only flaw that I have found is the cord is not as long as I would have liked .
 JUST GOT THIS ITEM LAST WEEK AND USED IT 3 TIMES ALREADY . . NEARLY TAKES THE CARPET OFF THE FLOOR , EASY TO CLEAN AND LOVE THE REWIND FEATURE.IF YOU CAN LOVE A VACUUM COUNT ME IN .
 I have had one for about 3 months now . It works fine and I love not having a bag to replace or a cord to wind up -LRB- this one retracts into the vacuum -RRB- . It 's a bit hard to push on the carpet , though . So overall , I give it a good rating.What really surprised me was the $ 299 price tag . I paid $ 95 and got free shipping from Amazon in July -LRB- 09 -RRB- . Who jacked up the price since then and why ?
 Have had this for just a few days . First impressions are that it is built well , has good performance , and has an ergonomic design . Bagless portion of operation is great . Besides getting to have a visual assessment of all the dust and dirt you vacuum up , its extremely simple to empty the dirt cannister . I love a product where I do n't need to read the instructions , and this product definitely falls in to that category -- all aspects of the vacuum 's operations are intuitive . My only disappointment with this unit is that its a bit heavier than I would have expected and as such can be a bit difficult to maneuver ... especially in dense pile carpets . On the whole , good value for the money .
 I thought at first that the vacuum was extremely hard to push until I realized that the lowest setting was for smooth floors rather than carpet . Once I adjusted the dial , the vacuum moved much more easily . It has great suction and picks up so much dirt and dog hair from my carpet that I 'm embarrassed about my housekeeping . I really like being able to see in the clear cylinder what it 's picking up from the floor , and it is very easy to empty the canister . The cord rewinder is excellent . The vacuum 's a bit loud , but no more than most that I 've had . It 's definitely worth the money .
 Easy assembly , and easy use . It works great so far . The wife has accidentally sucked up animal toys and it traps in the top and allows the vacuum to keep working so you do n't have to stop and clean it out until you 're done . Emptying the container is simple , with a bottom release it really makes it a lot cleaner . Retractable cord works well , but its more of a novelty to me ... I actually find it more annoying having to pull out the cord before use , so it 's really a wash unless you have lazy family members who never put the cord back on a non-retractable . For the money , this is the best vacuum I could find , so I give it 5 stars based on the value .
 Apparently not highly rated by Consumer Reports but works like a beast . Light , mobile , and cleanup is easy .
 I purchased this vacuum for a replacement for my motorhome . I was thrilled at the suction . Convenience of being bagless and the rewind cord was a big plus . It manuevered very well in tight places . I would buy it again .
 Vacuum seems to be working fine so far , only had it for a month ... Only drawback seen as of yet is the power cord is a bit short - not a major problem , just used to a longer power cord , so now I have to stop and move cord to new outlet to finish . Otherwise , seems to be a good vacuum .
 This vacuum is wonderful compared to price . Lil heavy for wife but cleans well and rewind feature is awesome . . love it ...
 This Vacuum is Awesome . This is the first bagless we have owned , but it is far better than ANY of the Vacs we have had . Great suction power . Easy to use . Not too heavy . Easy to clean . Lifetime filters . We wanted one with a HEPA filter , cause our kids have allergies . It works Great . The CORD REWIND thing is the best part . I ca n't believe all vacuums do n't have this . Attachments are cool . Hose could be longer , but longer ones clog easier , this one does n't . Highly recommended!Allergy - Be-Gone was a great seller to work with , with super fast shipping . Amazon had the lowest price available for this Vac . Next lowest -LRB- Lowes -RRB- was $ 10 more .
 I like everything about the hoover u5507-900 except the short cord.The auto rewind is great , just need a little more cord in there .
 I 'm a huge skeptic , skeptical of everything but especially all the good reviews for the product . It was hard to believe that for about $ 100 I could get a good bagless upright by a name brand company that unfortunately came with a stupid gimmick like the auto rewind feature . I figured if its $ 100 then about 99 % of the cost justification went into producing and designing the gimmick and the rest , like the vacuum part , is tacked on to avoid lawsuits . Make no mistake the biggest feature of this vacuum is its ability to clean carpets not rewind its piddly cord . I had been previously vacuuming like mad because I got a new puppy but after using this machine I had to go back and make sure that the Oreck 's roller brush was even actually spinning because the Hoover picked up a ridiculous amount of dust and carpet fibers in just one use.Cons-Autorewind is ridiculously useless and cheap . If you 're a guy that knows quality , the second you use it you 're gon na realize its going to the first thing to stop working . Its actually a hinderance because to get more length you have to bend down and yank the sucker . I prefer unwinding a coil of power cord manually but thats just me.-Feels like cheap plastic , everywhere . It does n't give you any sense of durability but everything is plastic these days even the Dysons . Think of the difference between a good Merck safety razor and a Bic disposable . This is the Bic but with a Merck blade in it and it does an amazing job.Pros-Bagless-Easy to take apart and clean the housings for the filter , collection , collection filter.-Easy to empty the collection bucket , which is quite large by the way.-Cleans so damn well you cant help but feel like using it every day , especially after the first time you use it.-It collects very fine dust even from a thick new carpet on the high setting -LRB- further from carpet -RRB- . Even if you do n't like the roller action its hard to deny that this thing has SUCTION . - $ 93 shipped . If you break it , lose it or wear it out , its $ 93 . Buyers remorse aint likely with that price tag and this performance .
 This vacuum is amazing . I used to hate to vacuum and I have 3 cats . My vacuum before this one used bags and one day it started smoking and died , so I bought this one . I admit I was a little worried because the price was fairly cheap . So I thought it was too good to be true . I was wrong . I am now addicted to vacuuming and I have no problems with it . The suction is great it picks up a lot of animal hair , it is not heavy , and it is the best vacuum I ever purchased . I highly recommend this to anyone .
 We are very pleased to have this new vacuum . It 's very easy to assemble after it arrived . The machine has a lot of power and is quiet when you vacuum the floor when compared to my old vacuum . We have been using it for 2 months without problem . The power cord storage is very convenient and the attachment with the machine is very useful .
 Purchased just a few months ago . My wife could n't be more pleased . After a good deal of shopping/research we settled on this model . And so far have n't been dissapointed . Good power and traps dust well . Really easy to use , and the retractable cord is wonderful . We clean up after two adults , two kids , a big dog , and a rabbitt . So it gets a workout.update 8-10-09 -- still going strong . Only minor loss of power from when it was new , maybe 10-15 % . nothing has broken on it , and honestly , it 's gets minimal upkeep .
 Good vacuum . Great suction and very easy to clean . It vacuums by itself , and you just have to guide it .
 I bought this vaccum from Costco for about $ 89.00 . I say this vacuum works great for me because
 This vacuum works well and has a lot of suction . I always seem to vacuum up something I do n't mean to and the belt breaks . I really like the attachment on the front of the vacuum . It removes all that nasty pet hair very well . Only downside to this vacuum , like others said , the cord is pretty short and it only has one extension attachment . I would recommend this vacuum to anyone wanting a new vacuum .
 It does a great job in picking up what the eyes do n't see . My daughter who does the vacuuming was really impressed with the performance . Outperforms pricier models ; and I would recommend without hesitation .
 I am delighted with this vaccum cleaner !! We have 6 cats that live with us and after the first vaccum around the house , I was amazed at all the hair that was collected . The air even felt fresher ! Ca n't say enough good things about this vaccum cleaner . I highly recommend it
 I love this Vacuum . I read several reviews on -LSB- ... -RSB- and was going to test another vacuum in the store when the salesman suggested I test this vacuum . This one was actually less expensive than the one I initially looked at and worked just as well . It is loud and a bit on the heavy side but has incredible suction power . I have used several times in one day and it has picked up more dog hair than I think is currently on my dog.My mother was visiting my house the first day I received the vacuum and by that evening I had purchased another vacuum for her home . The deal on -LSB- ... -RSB- is awesome and I suggest it to anyone in the market for a vacuum that does not want to pay an arm and a leg for one .
 I 'VE NEVER HAD AN ALL PLASTIC VACUME AND I HAVE ALWAYS HAD HOOVERS . I 'M STILL AFRAID IT WILL BREAK IT LOOKS SO FRAGILE . ASK ME AGAIN IN SIX MONTHS .
 The vacuum has great suction but I hate emptying the dirt container . Disposing of the dirt is extremely messy and has become tedious after one week .
 Does this sweeper ever pick upm the dirt . Ca n't believe my house was so dirty .
 I love it , it is convenient to carry and easy to empty . I definitely recommend it !
 wife love it thant all I can ask for thank you for very fast shipment
 I brought this vaccum from amazon server weeks ago . I am satisfy this performance : To clean the dirty is very good . Generally the belt works well except your vaccum is blocked by some stuff -LRB- e.g. something like socks -RRB- , in this case the enginering are still working to try to load the belt , as you know the belt will be hoted very much , then smell very bad.That is why some other buyer complain that the belt is easy to break down.We need often check and clean our vaccum excpecial for the module of belt transfer .
 I got this one from Amazon . Two things I would like to highlight about this vacuume . The power cord rewinding is excellent feature . Just press button and rewinds smothly dissapears in the enclosed case.Second one is the emtying the trash . I love the way the designed the contained . Just press the button and remove the trash can . It is very easy and intutive.It canbe still improved on the following
 This machine is awesome . It cleans so very well . It was very easy to put together and picks up so much !! The auto cord rewind is an awesome feature . Great vacuum . The only negative I would say is that it is heavy to move from downstairs to upstairs . Other than that , I love this upright .
 This vacuum works great . It works so much better then expensive ones that I bought.The suction is awesome . It 's not to heavy . Would recomend it to anyone who has athritis , because of how you can adjust the handle .
 I have had this vac about 6 months now and really like it.The other Hoover models I have had were the self propelled Wind Tunnels.The last one I had never was as good as the first so when it started to bite the dust I decided I would try something else.This vac is light weight and easy to use.I like the fact that it is bagless.I have 3 long haired cats , and it picks up the cat hair no problem.The hand tools work great.A great vac @ a great price .
 Our rugs were COVERED with per hair . Our previous vacuum cleaner was unable to remove the matted hair from the carpets . This hoover removed all the pet hair and made the carpets look BRAND NEW . I am very pleased . Another great feature about this specific vacuum is the fact that you do not have to unwind and wrap the power cord . There is an automatic roll out . Simply plug in the power cord to the outlet and it will pull out as much cord as it needs . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 So far so good , I 've had this vac a few days and been really shocked at how much it picked up . Prior to this , had a Hoover Wind Tunnel Self Propel for the last seven years , really great vac , but just kinda was slowly dying on me !! This one is ligher , which is nice .
 Great vaccuum . I love that the cord is self-wrapping ... but that means , I guess , that it has to be short ... I have to change the cord to every room I vaccuum.It 's very easy to empty , though and light to push . Would definitely recommend !
 I bought this vaccumcleaner which really is good , and value for money . It cleans the carpet very good . And also good on tough floors too .
 We had used a canister vacuum for years . It was starting to short out at the power head . After looking around the wife decided on this model . When it arrived , it was simple to put togther and start using . It is nice to see what it is picking up . We question what our old vacuum was picking up after seeing what this one did . Lots of power , light and easy to use . Was the right choice for us for sure . If I had to complain about one thing , was the belt broke on the power head already but it was a $ 3 part to fix . We really enjoy this product and like its features and usefulness .
 I bought this for my Mom as an early Christmas gift and she says it works great . The only bad thing is with the automatic cord winder , you will get hurt if you do not pay attention to it .
 This is a fantastic product . When I vacuum it 's almost like steam cleaning . And no more bags . It 's great !
 This is my first time purchasing a Hoover vacuum . I think it was a great deal . I received it today and took it out for a spin . The result was great ! I immediately notice the dust and hair -LRB- two cats -RRB- it was sucking in . The sucking power of the vacuum is awesome . Also , the unit itself its quite light . I have seen review from other people complaining its too heavy . But in all honesty I think its a fairly good weight .
 I love this vacuum and it works rather well . I like the fact that it is bagless . I used to have a vacuum that had bags . Very messy.I love the power that this vacuum has , the wide head picks up alot , the easy access to the extension tools is very nice , and the vacuum thus far has pleased me greatly.I wanted to buy a Dyson , however , I have Travertine in 3 rooms of my house , and tile in 2 other rooms . I feel as though 400 dollars was a bit much for such little carpeting . So after reading the reviews on this vacuum , this is the one I bought for myself and I am pleased.There are only 3 things that I do not like .1 . Cord is positioned lower so you have to bend over to grab it while vacuuming . -LRB- Not a big deal , my body needs a stretch every now and then -RRB- 2 . Vacuum is heavier than my last one , but that is also a very good thing . Just a warning for those who may have issues with heavy items . It moves smoothly , but if you need to carry it up and down steps it could be an issue for you if you are weak and arthritic .3 . It is very noisy . Not too bad , but noisy.If you need a vacuum , pick it up ! You will like it .
 Great item for the price . Easy to use , nice front light , extra-power brush for a cleaner at this price is great . Only small complaint I have is that the power cord is a little short , but it does have a power rewind.A good value . No edge cleaner .
 I have been looking for the right vacuum , at the right price , that did everything I wanted , and I found it with this model . Floors , steps , chairs , dryer vents , everything ! Light weight . Easy to empty , no mess bottom latch . Love the cord rewind ! Works great . Even a light to see with . Simply put , this is the best vacuum I 've ever had . Others have fallen apart , or stopped working just months after purchase . Thank you Hoover for making this model .
 I purchased this Hoover recently and it 's been pretty effective so far . It is a bit heavier than I expected , but the wheels on the bottom allow for easy mobility . The only issue is when you vaccum rugs it makes some pretty intense sucking noises that sound like it 's being over-worked . But when you 're back on the carpet it sounds fine again.I really like the attachments and the auto-rewind function.Overall I think its a good buy .
 Before purchasing this item , I read several reviews , all or almost all saying that this vacuum plugs up on the hoses . Used it several times , own a boxer that sheds alot , and no plugs yet . The only thing I can say is this unit does the job . Keep it dry and I do n't beleive you will have the plug up problems .
 I picked up 2 on sale , and both are working like a charm.I have an expensive Orek that I used first , then I used this one over it and Had a nice wad of hair in the chamber ... I was not so happy about that.But this unit neeeeeds , in a bad way , to turn of the brush when using the tools . It turned my frieze into frizzy in one spot . My Orek would never do that to me > = -RRB-
 This is my first time purchasing a vacuum cleaner . I looked at quite a few different ones , I really wanted the Dyson but I did n't want to spend that much money so I was looking for something in a good price range that is a really good vacuum and low and behold I found this one ! I read the reviews for a few but the reviews for this vacuum seemed to be more positive so I purchased and am thankful that I did ! This is a GREAT vacuum it sucks up EVERYTHING !! and the clear container lets you see just how much your sucking up . Some people said they do n't like emptying because it gets all over the place but I have n't had a problem emptying it yet . I LOVE LOVE LOVE the auto-rewind feature for the cord and the best thing of all is that it is so LIGHT !! I was wondering if it was really 20lbs like the box says . Needless to say I 'm happy with my purchase and will definitely recommend to others !
 My boyfriend has had this vacuum cleaner for over a year , and I love it ! -LRB- I 'm the one who uses it -RRB- . With other vacuums I find I wo n't do it very often because its so hard to get it out -LRB- bulky , heavy -RRB- , untangle the cord , ect . But with this vacuum I found it easy ! Pick it up , grab the cord , and plug into the wall . I love that the power switch is also near the bottom so I can easily turn on/off with my foot . I also like that the area that collects the dirt is clear so I can see how much dirt I pick up each time . I have a cat , and I have to say it really picks up her hair very well . We have a one bedroom apartment , and one time I filled the whole thing with cat hair ! I am slightly allergic to my cat , and I really found this vacuum -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- did everything I needed . I like to use some Febreeze Allergen Reducer too , after I vacuum .
 The retractable cord caught my attention -LRB- I have back problems , so winding that cord was difficult -RRB- . It manuvers easily , and the bagless feature is a very clean alternative to those messy bags .
 So very happy with this vacuum . I agree it 's a bit heavy making it hard to push , and the attachment tube is very stiff . With that said , I would still buy this vacuum again . It 's not too loud and it has wonderful suction power . The brush attachment is an added bonus . The brush collects all the dog hair off the couch cushions . Also , the front end is low enough to fit under the kitchen cabinets without having to get down on the floor .
 I just moved into an apartment and have been vacuum shopping for about 2 weeks . I borrowed a Dyson DC07 from friends and used that to clean the apartment when I first moved in . I finally decided on the Hoover Elite Rewind after reading the reviews and looking at several vacuums at local stores . I did n't purchase it at Amazon , I found it on sale elsewhere.I vacuumed a room with the Dyson yesterday and it picked up some dirt . I received the Hoover Elite today and just put it together and decided to try it out in the room I vacuumed yesterday . This vacuum sucks , in a good way . I was amazed at the amount of dirt it picked up that the Dyson missed . I guess the ads for the Dyson are wrong . It picked up so much dirt that it was like I never vacuumed the room and then dumped dirt on the carpet . I only vacuumed a 10x4 foot part of the room and it picked up at least 2 cups of dirt . I was truly impressed ... I only gave this vacuum 4 out of 5 stars since there is no way to turn off the beater when doing hard floors or using the wand . Also when you get close to a transition from carpet to hard floors , it spits dirt onto the floor . So you 'll have to vacuum those floors as well ...
 This is the best vacuum cleaner I ever had . Absolutely loved this product and I strongly recommend it .
 And sucks and sucks . I bought it to replace a Eureka that I 've had for about two years and wow . I filled up the cup , which is larger than my last vacuum , emptied it , and went right back to work . It has great suction and I 'm pulling up a lot of deep down dirt . The tools work well and are quick to get to .
 I love it !! Its a great vacuum for a great price . I vacuumed a black area rug when I first got it and the rug looked completely like new .
 Though a bit heavy to handle , this vacuum did what others could n't ! It 's so powerful that it picks up the smallest particles , leaving your carpets visibly clean . The dirt cup is very convenient also . I love the fact that it 's clear , so you can actually see how many dirt and particles you just vacuumed .
 I bought this for my daughter who moved into a new apartment with new carpeting . Lots of new fuzz for her to vaccuum up and the machine worked well for her . Well priced .
 The manual and its operation are a little confusing but it 's the best vacuum cleaner I 've owned . I would have given it 4.5 if I could have .
 I read an article about over priced vaccuums as I was looking to purchase a unit . I was prepared to spend $ 500 for a unit . I found the hoover by accident . All the reviews were positive and I bought it . I have been very happy with this purchase . The suction and the attachments are great and easy .
 My first brand new vacuum - unusual to say at age 46 , but I 've always inherited my mom 's cast-offs -LRB- always Hoover -RRB- which have always lasted for years . This vacuum is primo . Suction is great and the auto rewind cord is awesome . I like the on/off switch being foot controlled -LRB- toe controlled -RRB- - it 's just well designed and easy to handle . I think the folks who were burning up belts just needed to adjust the `` carpet height '' knob - it is pretty sensitive . I experimented starting with the highest -LRB- least pull -RRB- and ended up at 3 for my carpeted rooms and area rugs . You just ca n't go wrong here . I recently repaired a friend 's Dyson -LRB- dog chewed the plug off the end -RRB- and was amazed at how cheap and flimsy it felt compared to this new Hoover -LRB- or any of the other Hoover 's I 've owned -RRB- . Hard to believe folks would pay upwards of $ 400 for a vacuum when you can get something like the Hoover Elite for $ 100 .
 The only complaints
 I own this vacuum and even purchased one for my mom . It is lightweight , easy to manuever , has great suction and is easy to empty the dirt cup . The first time I used it I could not believe what came out of my carpet even though I had already used my old vacuum on it . Definitely a great buy for the price . I use it daily and just the other day it turned off while I was using it and I immediately thought it broke , but after reading the manual I saw that it has a feature that turns the vacuum off if it gets too hot from having been on too long -LRB- I was doing the stairs ! -RRB- . All I had to do was leave it off for 30 mins and it was fine . I have owned mine for four months now and besides a torn belt I have had no problems . The belt is no big deal ; I got two for $ 2.13 at WalMart . This is without a doubt a great buy !
 I have two long haired cats and a daycare business , so I vacuum a lot . I love the rewind feature and it gets all of the hair out of the rug and off of the hardwood floors . I highly recommend this vacuum .
 I love my new Hoover Elite Rewind . It picked up the equivalent of 3/4 bagof dirt using it on carpet I had just vacuumed with my old vacuum . Therewind feature is great , and I could n't be happier . I would recommend itto anyone . It 's a great vacuum for a great price .
 I RECENTLY BOUGHT THIS VACUUM AND IT REALLY PICKS UP . I HAVE TRIED THE SHARK VAC AND IT IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE !!!! I LOVE THE LOOK OF THIS VACUUM AND THE POWER . I HAVE MICRO-FIBER SOFAS AND ACCENT RUGS . I ALSO HAVE A DOLMATIAN WHO SHEDS A GREAT DEAL AND WHEN I FIRST USED THIS VACUUM , I COULD NOT IMAGINE HOW MUCH HAIR AND DIRT WAS PICKED UP . THIS VACUUM REALLY CLEANS AND I CA N'T SAY THAT ENOUGH . THE RUGS AND SOFAS LOOK BRAND NEW EVERYTIME I USE THIS VACUUM .
 This is the first vacuum I 've bought and I must say I am impressed . The suction is very nice and after I 'm done vacuuming the carpet looks good and feels clean . It also works great on hard floors , I does n't kick around dirt like other vacuums I 've used . The filters work good on it because there 's no dusty smell after you turn it on.I thought I would n't care about the retractable cord but it has become a feature I really like about this vacuum.This is a great vaccum especially for the price !
 My wife had reservations about purchasing this vacuum . She wanted to go with a bag vacuum after spending $ 300 on vacs in a year . So i did my research and we are glad we got this vac . Works great on both carpet and hardwood floors .
 the hoover u5507-900 Elite is perfect if you have a lady , or many , with hair loss issues . my wifes hear grows like bamboo and ends up all over the carpet just as fast . ive already ruined two other vacuums trying to pick up her hair . but this vacuum , handles it with grace . the brush pulls it up and rips through it , not letting it get wound up . so , no more scissors to cut the wound up hair and no more dirty carpets !
 I have used our Hoover U5507-900 Elite Vacuum Cleaner twice and I am very impressed with its cleaning power . This is the first bagless vacuum I have owned and I can see all the dirt this little baby picks up . It actually gives me the incentive to vacuum more ! It is compact and because it is narrow , it can get into smaller spaces . The hubby enjoys using it so much , he vacuums the downstairs . The price is excellent and the retractable cord is very convenient .
 I got this because I thought an upright would be easier than dragging around my canister vac for quick pick ups . I was right -LRB- thanks to the power cord retractor which my canister also has -RRB- . I was NOT expecting such amazing suction from something that cost less than a third of the canister . I have two big dogs and one of them digs in the back yard , so if I 'm not careful I get serious mud pawprints -LRB- not just a little dirt -RRB- on my carpet . That happened yesterday , so I let it dry overnight and tried this vac this morning . It was like I had just had the carpet cleaned , well , almost . Absolutely amazing.One thing that scared me on the first day
 This vacuum cleaner is the best I have ever used!Its bagless and has powerful suction and I was amazed at how much it picked up when I thought the carpet `` looked '' clean ! The attachments work well all fit well onto the cleaner . They do not fall off when you use the machine ! Everything was easy to attach . The canister is very easy to empty.And the `` More '' bit ? Well , thats the rewind functionality ! I was n't expecting it to be so powerful , but this is great !
 cord is too short , almost 10 feet shorter than my other Hoover upright , the canister empties , but do it early and often , and be ready for a dusty mess as you empty it . The cord is often a pain since it connects at the base of the machine . has good suck power , attachments are nice , leaves `` streaks '' in my carpet as I vacuum , the grate for the brushes gets in the way and leaves little lines/streaks ... Almost there , the engineering is not quite what I thought it was when I opened the box .
 Not an expert but for $ 90 you can get that back in lifetime by not buying filters . It is very powerful so beware on carpet length setup . Navigates easy , quite , lighted , auto-rewind , lifetime HEPA , less weight.Only issue i have is it would not bend on to floor to go deep down the beds .
 I have had this vac for almost 2 weeks now and I just love it . For the price you can not go wrong . I have 2 dogs , 1 cat and 2 boys and this vac picks up everything . I was tired of going thru bags left and right so I decided I wanted baggless . After reading many reviews I decided to spend less for this -- I wanted to try a dyson -- I am so glad I did !!! One reviewer said they had a dyson and liked this better-so that made my decision easier . The caniser releases from the bottom with ease and the attachments are great-the one has so much power it 's actually scary . To empty the filter is a little messy and I do it outside-but for the price this is a super vac -- did I mention I love the cord that rewinds ! I keep my vac out so this is a big plus .
 I love it so far . It 's easier relatively cheap and picks up the cat hair like none other .
 I bought this vacuum in December 2006 and did n't expect much from it as I 've purchased quite a few vacuums in my lifetime and never was completely satisfied with any of them . I always paid under $ 100 so it 's probably my fault . So I thought.At the time of purchase , it was under $ 100 but it had so many good reviews I thought I 'd try it , mostly because of the cord rewind feature . I HATE rewinding cords . Just step on the button , hold the plug end with one hand and that baby is wound up in maybe 5 seconds . You do have to hold the plug on the cord with the other hand or be in danger of `` cord lash '' from the cord whipping around your ankle . Never has happened to me yet as I had been warned already from one of the reviewers here . It 's a long thick cord , too . You only need to plug it in once for an average-sized to large room.It blows my mind every time I use it . The suction is still amazingly strong and makes my carpet look like new each time I use it . It 's powerful . I rate it a 10 for suction . It has large wheels which make it easy to roll around and maneuver . It 's heavy but very manageable , even for me . I 'm less than 5 feet tall and more weak than strong.The dust catcher is also a 10 . So simple to detach and empty without dust flying all over the place . The whole process also takes around 5 seconds or so . My hands stay clean . Love it.Did I mention the rewind cord feature is a 10 ? Where has this vacuum been all my life ? After using it the first time I told myself if it broke in under a year , I 'd purchase the same product . It 's a pleasure to use and put away . My friend used it while here and wanted one for herself.BTW , Amazon ships this free via FedEx or whatever . Love it . The first one I returned because the box looked damaged . The vacuum itself is not packed inside another outer box but shipped in its original Hoover container . Amazon delivered my new one before picking up my `` damaged '' one . That 's what I call service.UPDATE 11/21/2008My vacuum just `` stopped working '' right in the middle of my vacuuming . I could n't see any belt so thought the thing was just broken . I did n't know whether I should take it to the repair shop or just replace it . On a whim , I unscrewed all five screws at the bottom to see if something got stuck . I then saw the broken belt.If you order this vacuum , be sure to order replacement belts at the same time . The belt is very thin and I do n't think the local stores carry replacement belts for this model.Belts can ordered thru the Amazon site or directly from Hoover site
 I am thrilled with the Hoover 900 Elite Bagless Vacuum ! It 's actually fun to clean when I can see the amount of debris I 'm picking up with this vacuum ! The deep cleaning action is so strong that the container fills quickly making me realize how much my old vacuum missed . With two dogs I 'm always cleaning up dog hair , and now I do n't have to worry about letting my grandbaby crawl on the rug because I know it 's deep-down clean after using my new Hoover . I highly recommend this great vacuum ; it has surpassed my expectations .
 We purchased this about one month ago . It has great suction , is easy to push , and easy to dump . Picks up a lot more than the Dirt Devil upright self-propelled unit we had before . We go through at least one vacuum a year and this unit is the best so far.Cons are the cord is too short and even though it claims not to need filters there is a filter that needs to be cleaned occassionally , but it does blow out with compressed air so wo n't need replacing.Overall this vacuum is a great unit and I would highly recommend it .
 This vacuum might not be the greatest vacuum to grace the 21st centurybut it HAS to at least be on the top 10 list . It 's was fun cleaningthe floors with it the first day I got it . I have two dogs both very large with VERY large amounts of dog hair shedding everyday . The Hooverjust keeps cleaning up after them with no problem . The fact that I donthave to buy bags and the hepa filter doesnt need to be replaced will bea great savings but the fantastic job it does on old carpets , new carpetsand bare floors would be worth many times what I paid .
 everytime i vacuum with this , im in ` awww ' . amazed by what it picks up.sometimes ill use it every 2 days just to see what has built up.and it makes you feel dirty cause it picks up , just that much.if the dust , dirt , allergies are there ... . THIS VACUUM WILL FIND THEM .
 This Hoover is replacing a Fantom I have had for about ten years . The machine has an easy empty option , 24in . rewinding cord , life-time hepa filter and an attached turbo brush . It has cleaned well and not much strain on the arm . So far it has proven to be a great vacuum .
 This is a very nice vacuum . Comes with 3 attachments , which work very well . Very powerful - even got dried play-doh off my carpet , which had been there for months with my old vacuum . I could n't even scrape it off , but it 's gone now ! The canister empties easily , although be sure to check the filter , too - mine got clogged up pretty quickly . But it 's easy to clean out . My only complaint - a too-short cord . It 's kind of a pain , even for my smallish rooms . But I like it .
 I have used the Hoover Elite Rewind for about 2 months and am very impressed with it 's overall cleaning ability . The minor issues that are brought up ie
 This is a superb vacuum , the best I 've ever owned . It bought it at a terrific price , it was a snap to assemble and is a total pleasure to use . The first time I tried it , the vacuum pulled out an astounding amount of dirt and hair from my supposedly `` clean '' carpets . I could n't believe it and I can not recommend it highly enough . I wish I could give it 10 stars !
 This vacuum works great and comes at an excellent price . We use it on carpet and wood floors and it cleans pet hair really well . The hand tools are also great for getting under furniture and in tight spaces . Highly recommended .
 Let me 1st say I gave this 4 stars because it 's only flaw is where the cord comes out , at the bottom of the machine . My old one with a retractable cord had the cord come out near the top , so you did n't trip on it and run over it , the Hoover would be perfect if it had done the cord this way too!BUT ... I am AMAZED at the sucking power of my new Hoover and you will be too ! I have 2 cats and 2 dogs and NEVER have I gotten the results as I have from this Hoover Elite . The pet attachment works great on both my couch and my hard to clean , pet hair attractor velvet drapes . You will be thanking yourself for years for buying this and you will save so much money as the pricy models are not half as good .
 I read all the reviews . I 'm a confirmed neat freak . My previous vac was a Shark and similar style . It was horrible and barely had any suction . I was nervous about buying this because of the low price but reviews were pretty good . I live in an apartment with only one area rug so I do n't need a heavy duty vac . I have no pets.Here is my opinion on this Vac : This vac works as advertised . Very good suction , easy to install , easy to run , a little bulky , the cord recoil is great , the plastic is cheap , not very noisey , good attachments.Keep in mind I do n't have a pet so I 'm not trying to pull hair from the rug but overall the suction is really good . I do n't think it 's the best suction but it definitely does the job.The base of the vac is pretty big which I do n't like because my space is smaller but some people who have largers spaces might like this . There are different levels that the base can adjust to for deeper or more shallow cleaning such as hard wood floors vs shag rugs . I 'm not sure if this is important or does the job better but it seems like it would make sense.Attachments are all locked into place so they do n't fall all over the place by accident . My previous vac kept loosing the attachments and it was a real hassle.Overall , my feeling is that Hoover has been doing vacuums so long that they have the formula pretty much nailed with designing these things . Although the plastic feels cheap , the product does everything as advertised and then some for a pretty cheap price.I 'm totally satisfied and happy I read most of the reviews .
 This vacumn replaced my $ 450 Signature . Ca n't believe the difference ! I will never own a expensive vacumn again . The bagless is messy to clean , but i suppose most bagless are . The cord was not 24 ` as stated , it was 22 ' . The quality of plastic was better than my old expensive vacumn . Cleaned my carpets and bare floors completely . Smell is gone from my house . Retractable cord is great ! My old vacumn attachments worked on this model . Picked up hair and lint too ! Ca n't believe the amount of dirt that came out of my house . This was only $ 100 bucks , if it only lasts a year i would still buy another one .
 we have 3 vacuums in our house and none of them get the job done . i kept one for the attachments , one for the fact that it 's light and easy to use and one for `` dirty '' jobs like vacuuming our unfinished basement . but none of them did ALL the things i needed a vacuum to do.i did some research , like most people , before i bought this vacuum . i was impressed with the ratings and reviews i read here on -LSB- ... -RSB- . it 's also priced over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- cheaper than target ! i did n't want to spend more than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and i really felt i could get the vacuum i wanted for that price.i 've had it about a week now and have given it a decent `` maiden voyage '' . it 's certainly quieter than my last vacuum , but not lighter . it 's not too heavy though ; it weighs about what you 'd think a vacuum of that size weighs . one reviewer said it did n't have a handle , which is untrue - it 's located on top of the clear canister.the hoover is easy to push and man , does it have great suction ! i really have no preference of bagless vs. bagged vacuums -LRB- each have their benefits -RRB- , but it 's neat that you can see the dust collection and know when it 's time to empty.my only complaint is this
 This vacuum could pull the knots off trees ! Our almost new Eureka was not doing what we wanted it to do . We spent time reading reviews and decided on the Hoover U5507 Elite . My wife ran the vacuum over the rugs and carpets and within minutes the chamber was PACKED . Hello Hoover ! ... . good-by Eureka . I honestly ca n't believe the absolute difference . You wo n't either . Amazing ... . And for a guy to profess to that means something !
 I 've had this for two years and it works very well . I only wish the suction was greater for the attachments and that there was a longer attachment .
 I bought mine at Ocean State Job Lots - I got the refurb for $ 60 . Awesome deal !! When I got it I was at my parents house and tested it on my mom 's carpets . She was shocked by it and what it picked up . She had just done her carpets the day before I visited . Guess who else has one now !!
 This was my second purchase of this vacuum . It was a gift for my son and the first for my elderly mother who needed a lighter weight vacuum and simplicity of use . They both love it as it has great suction and can be used on stairs easily as it has the extra hose length with this style # 5507 so be sure you purchase the correct style number for that . A great vacuum .
 I bought this vacuum cleaner in December 2009 after looking at various models on line . It 's powerful , easy to use and tote around , and easy to empty . No complaints ! It did nip the fringe of one of my area rugs , but that was really my fault . Great value for the price .
 I bought it six months back and its still works good , the wire rewind comes in handy . Its worth buying this product .
 This vacuum works really well . My parent 's have a cat and my mom vacuums everyday without an issue . Picks up hair her old vacuum missed . The upholstery attachment does n't work that well .
 I Brought this vacuum a few month ago , and after going though 2 vacuums in a short period of time my new Hoover is still cleans great . I have had no problems or complants and it is very easy to clean the filter and the auto rewind is a great way to store the cord . My advise if your going to buy a vacuum remember you get what you pay for and this one is worth the price .
 For the price , this is a great little vacuum cleaner . Just vacuumed a day before receiving this and you would n't believe what it pulled up , and I 'm not talking about the nap it raised in the carpet ! I love the bagless feature and do n't have to worry any longer if I run out of bags . Also , love the retractable cord . I 'd highly recommend this cleaner .
 The suction is quite powerful , handle very nicely , perfect for someone my size -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- . I wish the electrical cord was a bit longer . I am very happy with my Hoover -LRB- the previous vacuum had been a Dyson -RRB- . It would 've been nice if the vacuum had arrived sooner than the 13 days !
 I got this for a steal and it would be worth the full price . It is very powerful and the bagless feature is easy to use .
 I 've used this hoover for one month and it works pretty well . Easy to use and all the parts work fine . The filters are effective . A little bit stiff and heavy , but I never had a big hoover like this , so it might be normal . It does n't recline too much . I recommend it . Good deal for the price .
 I really like this vacuum cleaner , it does the job well . It 's a great value for the low cost . I love that I do n't have a bag to keep an eye on or change . My favorite part is the retractable cord , no more wrapping up the cord around the handle ! The only thing I do n't like is that it 's a bit heavy , but my 11 yr old still has no trouble with it .
 Only had this vacuum cleaner for 1 month , used it several times and have been emptying the dust canister after each use as others have suggested . Have to admit I derive a secret pleasure to seeing the dust swirl around in the canister . It is very powerful ! It works fine on both carpeting and hardwood floors -LRB- just remember to adjust the vacuum height -RRB- . For sanitary reasons , I really wanted a dust canister that I could wash and I understand I can wash the `` lifetime filter '' as well though I have n't yet done so . I know this retails for about $ 120 , but got it for about $ 90 , with free shipping from Amazon . Will report back should I encounter any problems .
 I got this item just a few days ago . I have had 2 other vacuums in the years I 've been out on my own . The fist time I vacummed -LRB- keep in mind I vacuumed with my old one the day before -RRB- I had AT LEAST two full canisters of dirt , pet hair , and who else knows . I love this vacuum . I love the retractabble cord . Very convenient for me !! I was surprised how well the performance was for the price I had payed . So far , so good!My 5 year old son even loves the new vacuum after getting over his fears of the noise . Not as loud as my old , one yet , does has noise like most do . Very easy to put together . Did n't even need the instructions !!
 I was amazed at the power of this vacuum . Upon receipt , i tried it out on what I thought were our clean carpets . I was -LRB- unpleasantly -RRB- surprised at the amount of dirt that this machine pulled up.Great price , great product ! ~
 The suction is as good as my friends ' Dysons and cost 1/5th the price . The carpet pile feels like it was when the house was first purchased 7 years ago and it 's great to see what the previous vacuums missed in the canister.Good : - suction - adjustable agitator - auto rewind cordNot-So-Good : - occasionally hair/fur needs help out of the canister - loud - heavy-ish
 Used this product for three months and I 've had no problems yet . The vacuum is strong - be careful with carpets . It is easy to clean
 Love everything about this vacuum but besides the retractable cord the thing I like best is the easy emptying of the dirt case . The price was $ 104 out the door . Amazon is the best !
 I live in a small apartment and although I 've heard that this vacuum ca n't handle a 6 floor house , if you only need it for one floor or occasional cleaning , this is an excellent vacuum . the Auto Rewind feature , although sometimes a little quick and may whip you in the leg , is an amazing feature . Definitely a major plus . Very strong suction and gets the carpet feeling actually clean ! * UPDATE * 1/15/10Still working fine however , I do n't think that the height control works very well . And the rollers keep going when you put it upright . Maybe a little weaker suction but no other issues ! Still happy with purchase .
 This vacuum cleaner is a super buy for the money . The suction is incredible . The bagless feature is a plus ... no more bags to buy . I 'd recommend this product to anyone looking for a vacuum that is inexpensive and performs excellently .
 This is the best vacuum I have ever owned ! The suction power is awesome and it moves very easily despite it 's heavy weight . I highly recommend this product , especially , if you are a pet owner , the pet hair tool is fabulous ! It is a like a mini high powered vacuum that pulls even the most hard to remove fur from your furniture!The canister is oh so easy to empty and the minor assembly that you have to do is super easy and quick . Had this baby put together in all of 5 minutes ! Definitely a steal and I would definitely recommend this vacuum to everyone I know .
 I make a point of ignoring all reviews of electrical products unless I can be sure the owner has owned them for long enough to really get to know them . None of this `` I got it this morning and it 's brilliant '' thank you . -LRB- Now three years old and still going strong -RRB- We have used our Hoover for more than nine months in our 1900 sq ft house with a mixture of polished wood , deep pile and short pile carpet , plus a couple of wool and silk rugs.The Hoover is easy to use and does a very good job of cleaning , especially getting right in to the edges of rooms . It is easy to empty , although it will clog around the filter if you allow the container to get too full . We have a dog who sheds a bit of hair and it always picks this up effectively . As a guide , a normal once a week clean will fill the dust container without the need for it to emptied during use.Although there are several adjustments for the type of flooring , after a few weeks I just left it in the central position most of the time . It seems to handle all types of flooring very effectively in this position . For an extra special clean , you might want to adjust it.Here are the main pros and cons : Best features : - Very reliable - Excellent cleaning quality - Easy to empty - Good range of built-in tools - Extension tube pulls out very quickly if you need to switch cleaning modes - Great value for money - Very simple controls - Feels sturdy even though it is mainly plastic - Built in headlightNegatives : - Heavy for those who have to lift it upstairs - Extension tube probably too short for doing a flight of stairs - Retractable flex is a bit short - Possibly too small for homes over 2000 sq ft
 The number one factor when buying anything for me is VALUE . The cost + the product 's quality . This sassy red vacuum was fantastic at cleaning both my hardwood and the carpet , it has settings to accommodate both . The auto-rewind works great , but I can see how the mechanism would break if you are n't gentle with it . It picked up the most minute dirt particles that totally grossed me out , and it picked up the tufts of kitty hair that tends to get matted into the carpet . For the cost around $ 100 , this vacuum has amazing value . And I 'm so happy with it so far .
 I did not buy from amazon , but i used the reviews to decide on the vacuum i wanted , so i should give back , right ? -LSB- ... -RSB- . The `` one star '' part was the wait , 28 days !! But this vacuum is so awesome , it was worth it . i ca n't believe how much dirt was in the canister after only one pass on my rug -LRB- granted , i was without a vacuum for 28 days and have 3 dogs ! -RRB- . it has some awesome on-board tools , the rewind feature i love . it is way more powerful than my fantom fury , which i paid a pretty penny for , and in its defense did last for probably over 10 years -LRB- i lost count -RRB- . the negatives are the cord is a little shorter than i would like , and it comes out toward the floor so i am always tripping and mowing over it . the hose for attachments is way short , but overall i am loving this vacuum for the great sucking power . oh , and for the cleanable filter and the ease of emptying the canister .
 This is a very good vacuum for the money . It is strong , convenient , and really gets the dirt out of carpet or off bare floors . If there is an achille 's heel , it has to be the belt . It breaks very easily . They are not very expensive and they are easily found , but the 2 dollars apiece could add up over time . Other than the belt problem , my wife loves this vacuum cleaner .
 Best vacuum I 've used . Just remember to keep after the filters , it should last a very long time . Love the clear dirt container , makes it easy to maintain .
 The greatest vaccuum I have ever had . The cord wrapping up with the touch of a button is the best idea for a vaccuum . It cleans hard surfaces as well as carpet really well .
 For the price , this is a great vacuum . It is extremely good at picking up pet hair ! However , buyers should be aware that this is made from a cheap plastic and does not appear as if it will take much abuse . However , if you hold the cord when rewinding and make sure to adjust for the different size levels of carpet , it works wonderfully . Great price for a very good vacuum .
 Just used this vacuum for the first time last night , so I ca n't vouch for its longevity -- but was definitely impressed with the amount of suction and the noise level , which was surprisingly low . I got two canisters full of dirt out of the upstairs carpet ! The carpet is fairly new -LRB- installed in November -RRB- so a lot of it was just fuzz , but the old vacuum was n't sucking up that much of it anymore.The cord retraction feature is wonderful and emptying the canister is so much easier than the last vacuum I had . You just have to take it off and then press down to pop open the bottom over the trash can , and everything falls right out.I got this for $ 90 shipped at another site -LRB- it was the deal of the day -RRB- and I feel like it was worth every penny .
 This vacuum is wonderful . I waited about a month before writing this review , because it always seems that after the first three or four uses a vacuum just does n't `` suck '' quite as it did when it was new . It is still doing the same job it did on day one.The onboard tools on this vacuum are not only great , but are very easy to use and maneuver . This is the first vacuum I have purchased where I actually do use the tools . And , of course , the `` rewind '' feature is nice.The only reason I did not and can not give this vacuum a perfect five is that this filter is not quite what I thought it was . I did a lot of research and the description of this vacuum does not make clear that there is an outer filter -LRB- plastic -RRB- that never needs to be replaced . But , there is another filter within the plastic one and is like any other washable filter you find on other vacumms . So if you are looking for a filter that you do not have to clean in between the crevices , and requires no mess or `` fabric '' you need to keep looking . I must say the plastic filter does help a lot in keeping a large majority of the dust off of the internal filter , but cleaning that microscopic dust is still a messy , and inconvenient chore .
 My Hoover Elite is the best vacuum I 've ever had . I 'm still picking up stuff from my carpet that must have been in it for years - it 's disgusting . I love being able to empty the see thru cup to actually observe what has been picked up and I 'm amazed at the amount of cat and people hair I harbor in my house until I fire up the Hoover Elite . The on board attachments are convenient and varied . thanks so much !
 This vacuum cleaner is fantastic ! It is so easy to use , the cord rewinder is WONDERFUL , and the sucking is strong . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new vacuum cleaner .
 This is a nice vacuum , light enough for petite people . I like the cord Rewind function . The design is nice , but the plastic looks cheap . I gave it 4 stars because it does not have a function to stop the brush when you do n't need it . When you use the hose , the vacuum is on upright position and the brush still spin and the cord could have been longer .
 I have used this vacuum only on carpet , as I bought it for my finished basement.Suction is very powerful , it is quiet , and the dirt cup is so easy to empty . The cup is designed so that you push a lever , and it empties from the bottom - very clever and so easy and clean . It is a large dirt cup so it holds a lot.Other nice features include a very long cord , and great looks ! The most important thing is suction , and this baby is POWERFUL !! It 's amazing what this thing picks up.Overall , extremely pleased with this vacuum !!
 I love this Hoover I have a long hair dog that has killed 10 vacuums . This one has sucked up so much dirt that my Carpet looks new again . I love the Pet attachment my Chairs looks great . The one touch Cord rewind is great too . I can see this Lasting me a long time . I love how you can take the Hose off and see if there is anything caught in it with out having to take everything apart and still not seeing anything . I would buy this again in a heart beat . Also my sister is also going to get one she has the same problem with pet hair that I do .
 we have 2 pugs and the number one problem is all the hair they produce . we were looking for a vacumm we could clean ever time , all parts , to make sure the suction is perfect cause we have had nothing but problems keeping the house clean in an easy fashion . we have used this for 2 weeks now and WOW i mean wow it does a great job sucking up pet hair and being able to clean eveerything including the filters makes the dog smell go away and the pet hair as well theis machine pick it up like it was nothing . For the price this is better than the best .
 I searched well before I bought a vacuum cleaner , being as though I have had bad experiences in the past . Even after spending money on a reputable brand , I was disappointed with my Sears Kenmore vacuum . However , this Hoover is by far the best vacuum cleaner I have ever owned . It is picking up dirt and dust in my carpet that I am sure has been there for quite some time . My Kenmore was sure missing a lot of dirt ! This vacuum is easy to use , easy to clean , and works amazingly well . I would definitely recommend it to anyone .
 I read most of the reviews on this product before purchasing . I was hopeful that it would be as good as everyone said it was , and I was n't disappointed ! The sucking power is excellent , it maneuvers easily , not too heavy , and came mostly assembled in the box . The bonus of the retractable cord is awesome !
 Good , affordable bagless vac . Suction is powerful , but the seal is not hermetic -- when vacuuming , dust comes out from the vac . For those who ca n't afford a Dyson -- get it .
 I purchased this vacuum for a second vacuum -LRB- first is a dyson -RRB- . I love my dyson but needed something for my upstairs . I bought it after reading such good reviews , and for the fact that it has lifetime filters and is easy to empty like the Dyson -LRB- I just did n't want to drop another $ 350 for something as boring as a vacuum -RRB- . I have been so pleased with this vacuum . With the exception of the short cord -LRB- 24 feet is just not long enough -RRB- , I am thrilled . I like the carpet setting , which Dyson does n't have -- it makes such nice lines on my carpet when I 'm done . I have n't used the attachments much but they are comparable to my Dyson as well . I love the auto rewind cord , and it is easy to empty . It 's not particularly lightweight , so if you want to schlep it up and down stairs you may want to consider that.All in all , a great vacuum , especially for the money . I gave it four stars and not five because it is heavy , and the cord is very short . Incidentally , I bought mine from the big discount club store and paid a bit more than it is listed here at amazon.com , and it has since gotten even cheaper .
 What more can I say about this powerful vacuum . I have been using this for the last month and I just love the way it handles . The auto rewind cord is so handy and it picks up so beautifully . The canister is easy to empty . The vacuum handles quite well -LRB- nice & light -RRB- and has a handle which makes it easy to carry from room to room . Not a real noisy vacuum either . You do have to keep check on the canister as when to empty and occasionally check the filter for cleaning . Even though the filter never needs to be changed you do have to brush it off from time to time with the included brush . No big deal . A great vacuum with all the perks !
 Easy to put together , Easy to use , Easy to clean . Glides nicely and picks up the dust as well as visible ` crud ' on carpets . Has good suction power . No cord to have to wind on machine . My teenage sons are willingly using the new power tool . The machine itself is not light if needed to be picked up , ie . taking to a second floor .
 This vacuum does what you want a vacuum to do - suck up dirt . Forget the frills , this vacuum has stong suction for getting dirt out of the carpet , plain and simple . Hose attachments are easy to use , since the hose is built in , not a separate item , but the hose is short and so springy that the vacuum tips over if you try to reach very far.It 's easy to empty the dirt canister and it uses a permanent filter -LRB- other bagless vacs need pricey replacement filters -RRB- . But be aware , cleaning the filter is a messy job involving a lot -LRB- because it holds so much dust -RRB- of whacking on a hard surface . I do it on the basement floor and then use a dust pan to sweep up the pile . I think it would be worse trying to do it directly into a trash can.The cord rewind is convenient too , but not the reason to buy .
 Great vacuum in a small package . Used this twice so far and smiled a lot . I could not believe how much dirt was in my carpet . Easy to clean out . Highly recommend .
 This product was purchased as a gift for my son . He has only used it several times but has said it does an excellent job picking up dog hair . He is also thrilled that he has n't had to replace a bag .
 This is a great vacuum with plenty of power and extras . The only problem lies in emptying the vacuum . It makes a mess and should be done outside .
 So I had a chance to purchase a Dyson Slim -LRB- but extremely heavy -RRB- for almost 45 % off . But I did n't why ? IT DOES N'T HAVE A CORD RETRACTOR !! Come on , a vacuum almost $ 500 and no cord retractor?This is an excellent powerful vacuum cleaner . It picks up everything , it 's inexpensive and best of all it has a built-in cord retractor . Push a button and voila!The bagless feature is good . Not the best and can be a little messy , but the key to this is do n't empty it when it 's completely full . Do it after using is 3 or 4 times . It 's easy enough .
 excellent vacuum . Love the retractable cord thingy . Great sunction and pretty light . Great price too
 For the price , it is a great bargain . not too heavy and the cable cord management function makes winding cable a thing of the past . it is fun to push down the big yellow button and see the cable get ` sucked ' in .
 Lacks power if you want to use it in your car . As an upright super .
 This works so much better than my last vacuum ! I could n't believe how much more dirt/dust it picked up . And it smells so clean when you are finished using it unlike my old one which cleaned the floor a little but left behind a dirty/dusty smell in the air . I have no complaints for this vacuum so far . I have n't cleaned the filter yet but the dirt release container is very easy to use and saves lots of time and money not having to buy new bags all the time .
 This wind tunnel upright is great . The only problem is the cord is too short .
 No more bags , Quiet , powerful , automatic cord rewind , everything we wanted in a new upright at a good price . You 'll like it .
 Light weight , easy to handle and very sucky.Most important , it is very quiet!Great sucker !
 We needed a new vacuum so we were searching on the internet when we came upon this vacuum , first I thought it would be cheap , but it was a hoover , plus our old vacuum was a windtunnel thats back wheel broke off , it was 12 years old and worked fine other than that . well we got it real fast and it was easy to put together , I started to vacuum my bedroom and couldnt believe the dirt and dust this thing was sucking up , I had to dump out the container after I vacuumed this one room ! Then I went on to the next room , a 5x9 wool rug this was also dirty beyond my believe It got rid of the loose pile and made the rug look new again ! every rug I did looked new again ! I would recommend this vacuum , also the accessories work great . So for the price this isnt bad !!
 Good
 I really like this vacuum . I was impressed with it 's pick-up power , the bag was full of all sorts of disgusting items when I was finished , things my other bagless vacuum used to miss . It was really easy to remove the waste , and having the release on the bottom made sure that I did n't make a huge mess which was really nice . The cord retrieval button is a really nice feature as well . As long as you have the cord relatively untangled to begin with , all you do it push the cord button and it gathers back inside the vacuum . I have to keep my vacuum in a pretty packed closet , so storing the cord inside the machine helps me from getting things tangled up and a big mess.The only thing keeping me from giving it a 5 is the fact that it is pretty heavy , so if weight does n't bother you , then this is a great vacuum at a really good price .
 I recently bought this vacuum cleaner and I 'm pleasantly suprised . I had another Hoover Windtunnel model and loved it til I beat the life out of it . Very impressed with the suction power of this vacuum . I was truly amazed . I like the auto cord feature ... just do n't press it to0 fast or you 'll be whacking the thing into your walls . Only negative is that the cord is shorter than my windtunnels cord . I was so used to the areas that I could reach from each plug . All and all it 's a GREAT BUY for the money !
 I love this vacuum cleaner . It has sucked up more dirt than anything I have ever owned . The cord rewind is awesome . Keeps everything out of the way during storage . Easy to empty and there is no dust boiling up during usage . Highly recommend this item .
 This is an excellent vacuum at a bargain price . It is shipped in one box , and is very easy to assemble . For me , that 's saying something as I am not exactly what you might call `` handy '' . It probably takes longer to remove it from the box than it does to put it together!The vacuum itself has automatic cord rewind , though I wish the cord were a little longer . It has great suction , and a very fast beater bar . Our carpets looked fantastic after the first use . The unit is bagless , with a lifetime HEPA filter that is very easy to remove and clean . The canister comes on and off easily for quick emptying.Highly recommended .
 I have researched so many vacuum cleaners and finally settled for this one . I bought this a month ago and pretty happy with its performance so far . I have n't used all its features yet but it sucks up the dirt pretty well . Overall , I am happy with this purchase .
 I have had this upright vacuum for about a year and it has been a great buy . with 2 cats and a couple of dogs -LRB- that do n't shed -RRB- it has held up and as been extremely strong and durable . Easy to empty , easy to set carpet levels and the retractable electric cord is a great plus . It is amazing !!!!!
 My last vacuum I owned before this , was a Bissell bagless . I hated that thing with a passion . The dust would fly out of the canister all over the vacuum , the filter was a pain in the butt . Also , you would have to dump it out every two minutes , or you would face the rath of flying hair and dust.Which lead me in the search to find the perfect vacuum . I wanted a Dyson at the time . The price for it did n't seem to justify getting one by the reviews on here . I decided on the Hoover due to the reviews on here.I am so HAPPY I got it ! I bought it at Targ * t for -LSB- ... -RSB- at the beginning of this year . The suction power has n't lost its monster suction , at all ! All of the adjustments are easy to manipulate , and the power hose never seems to clog . I can also vacuum my 1200 sq ft home before I have to dump it out . You can see all of the gross hair it picks up easily in the clear canister . The lifetime HEPA filter is awesome . I never have to mess with it . For me , no hair flies out of it . I have a Persian , and a Pomeranian . My home is VERY clean , thanks to this product ! It 's my holy grail of vacuums !
 I had an Oreck ... thought it was doing the job until two things happened ... Stanley Steamer came in and when they were leaving remarked they picked up a lot of hair . At that time we had 1 Boston Terrier , and one light colored cat ... but then another stray kitten found its ' way into my heart and home ... she has dark fur , and I began to notice that the Oreck was not picking it up ... out went the Oreck and in came this Hoover vacuum . I will never go without it ... the suction is wonderful ... powerful ... I can see it getting the dark pet hair up ... I can also see all the pet hair in the cannister ... it is easy to manuver ... the automatic cord retractor is wonderful ... the cannister is easy to empty ... no filters to buy ... we are moving back to California into a two story , and I 'm buying one more to keep upstairs ... guess that 's the best recommendation I can give it !
 I did n't know that which vacuum I owned would make a difference to how much we vacuum , but it does . This vacuum is so much more powerful than the 5 year old one we had . The cord rewind makes putting away so easy that it always gets put away . All the family loves using it , is it because you see the dirt you are vacuuming up ? I highly recommend it .
 This vacuum is so great that my 7 year old likes to use it . She thinks it is fun to see how much dirt is can pick up . It is easy to use and simple to empty . I got this at a great price and found out that it is worth much more than I paid .
 I ran my old vacuum around my living room just prior to my new vacuum 's arrival . When this one arrived , I immediately ran the vacuum over the areas that I had already vacuumed . We have three cats , so we vacuum often . After the quick vacuuming with the new one , the canister looked as though I had found a fourth cat ! It was absolutely amazing that there could have been so much hair where it looked like there was none . The carpet is plush , so it 's not like it was a long shag where it could have been hiding . Am looking forward to a thorough vacuuming this weekend - furniture and all - I 'm sure I 'll be equally amazed .
 This cleaner does a great job vacuuming up pet hair . I have a color-block area rug in my kitchen and two accent rugs that seem to really attract the dog 's hair . This little cleaner works better than others I 've tried at vacuuming up the pet hair . I also love the easy-to-empty dirt cup and the retractable cord . I 'm very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this item to anyone .
 This model is lightweight but vacuums well . I did not have any problems with tipping . It is quiet , for a vacuum cleaner , and easy to empty . It occasionally accumulates hair/lint in the upper part of the canister requiring one to remove the top to fully empty the canister . Simply twist off the top then the hair falls to the bottom of the canister , then line up the tabs for the top and canister and twist back on . Simple to do when needed.For the price it is a well designed vacuum . The rewinding cord is very handy , shorter than my previous vacuum , a Dyson DC17 , but way more convenient . It handles running over cords very well and I can vacuum area rugs easily without sucking them up .
 I thought my old vacuum did a great job -- I just could n't stand replacing the messy bag . I used this vacuum for my weekly cleaning . The canister needed emptying before I even reached the bedrooms . It was easy to put together and easy to empty . I am very pleased .
 Initially I had an old Westinghouse Cordless Upright that used batter packs and was bagless but I paid around $ 400 for it . It choked on carpet often and required the filters to be cleaned every other vacuuming.I was in the market for a new vacuum and found this.The main selling point with this vacuum was the cord retraction feature . This vacuum works great!Actually about two months in the vacuum 's hose lost suction . I kept trying to troubleshoot by cleaning the filters , resetting the bucket , etc to no avail . I looked at the bucket connection and noticed when I pushed on the bucket the hose regained suction so I figured it must be a hose issue . I ended up buying a new hose , connected it and it did n't solve the problem . So upon further examination I noticed the bucket while snapping perfectly into the vacuum was not aligned properly after about a min adjusting it the suction returned to the hose . I made an $ 11 mistake!Nonetheless this vacuum is a performer ! The hose/brush attachment uses the suction to rotate the brush roller on the attachment providing more cleaning power ! Bear in mind I only used this in an apartment and I 've had it for 5 months but it works great !
 I bought this vaccum with coupons with my amazon cards rewards and plus they gave me extra off for applying for a credit card so it was a awsome deal . This vaccum is good and plus its automatic rewind cord is a excellent feature . The power is great . It picks up everything and anything . The attachments are a plus . Cant beat the price and quality.love it .
 I bought this vacuum as a replacement for a Eureka that broke down and died after only 7 months of use . I paid the difference in the price of the two vacuums for this , as I had a warranty that was transferred to this vacuum ... bonus !! -LRB- Just in case -RRB- I have been thoroughly impressed by the suction power and the dirt it picks up ... so far it is the best bagless upright I have owned and it was priced under 90 bucks at my local appliance warehouse -LRB- but I only paid 24 hehehe -RRB- I have only owned it a month , but so far so good !
 Bought this vacuum for my son 's first apartment . Works great , even better than my Orek . To top it all off I got a much better price on Amazon than anywhere else along with free shipping .
 Bought this vacuum because I needed something small but powerful -LRB- and bagless -RRB- for our two-bedroom condo . Partly carpet , and the rest is hardwood floor , so it is great that this vacuum has that option too . Shopped around for quite awhile , glad I chose this one . The rewind cord is an added bonus ! Really like it .
 I bought it because the reviews were excellent and the vacuum is truly amazing , it is very silent , cleans great and I love the retractable cable . The tool to clean the the pet hair is awesome , it really picks up all the hair from my catI am very happy with it and two of my frinds are buying it because they like they way it cleansAlso the color is beautiful !
 I was looking for a vaccum cleaner which is economical and effectivily cleans . This product perfectly fits what I wanted . It has a powerful motor having good suction . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a basic vaccum cleaner within 75 $ . I recieved it within 2 day of ordering -LRB- standard shipping -RRB- , this was impressive .
 The vacuum works great ! My only observation for improvement would be a slightly longer cord . But I 'd rather have the automatic rewind if that 's the trade off . I did n't even buy it for that , but even my kids were impressed !
 Every time I turn it on I ca n't beleive how quiet it is . My only complant is that the cord is shorter then I am used to . But I guess it needs to be for the automatic rewind . This feature is a must , since my husband always griped at me for not coiling up the cord properly . One less argument for us!It sucks great , is easy to clean , quiet , and light weight . The best vacume I ever had !
 Best vacume i have ever purchased ... the attachments are great . The self storing cord is wonderfulllllll . I wo n't ever have another vacume without it ... It is quiet , lightweight and a great value . I ca n't think of a bad thing so say about this product .
 This Hoover does everything we have expected . This is a powerful vacuum and it 's bagless .
 I have had this vacuum for a couple of months and could n't be more pleased . It really gets the dirt and mostly dust my house seems to accumulate ! Easy to empty canistar and I love the fact that the filters can be cleaned instead of buying new ones !
 Great product , great price ! I liked it so much I bought my mother one . She 's the queen of clean and is now raving to her neighbors . Be sure to empty the canister filter over a trash can otherwise the fine dust will go everywhere . I 'm fine with the weight but it could be a little much for an older person -LRB- my mother -RRB- if you need to go up and down a bunch of steps .
 I have a small 700 square foot apartment with shag carpet and linoleum in the bathroom and kitchen . I was torn between this and a Dyson , but ultimately the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- price difference decided me.Pros : * Very light for a full sized vac . * Easy to push over carpet . * Quick and easy to assemble . * The dirt collection cup opens from the bottom . Just lower it over a trash can , press the button , give a few shakes , and everything falls out with no muss or fuss . A few wipes with a rag is all it takes to clean . * The attachments stay firmly in place . * The cord rewind really works . I always hated winding the cord on my old vacuum , and I never could seem to get it so the plug would clip onto the cord once it was wound . * Quiet for a full sized vacuum . Wo n't disturb the neighbors much , but it still freaked out my cat . * Really sucks ! Does a great job of pulling up the pet hair . My first run through the living room I think I got enough hair to make a whole new cat.Cons : * The hose is a bit short , and it does n't come with any extenders , just the pet hair remover , brush , and crevice tool . * The pet hair removal tool takes a few passes to get all the hair off furniture . * Make sure you pick up loose cords from other things because it will suck them up . * It does n't put itself away when you 're done?So far I have n't had any problems , but I 'm not worried about reliability issues , since I bought mine from Costco . I paid less than the price on Amazon , and if it ever has problems , Costco will exchange or replace it for free .
 RED ! Shiny ! Metallic!Breathe , now , Kyle , it 's just a vacuum.Really , we just wanted something that worked.After a scathing review against the `` Bissell Pet Hair Eraser , '' -LRB- which we determined was a relatively worthless vacuum -RRB- we thought it best to at least make a positive stand to the one that won.Yep , while the Pet Hair Eraser dazzled us with plastic crap , cute stories and useless suction , we were n't going to be snooty and shell out $ 500 clams for a Dyson , which in and of itself , gets mediocre reviews.I had liked the Hoover Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless since I thought I was going to get killer sound from hooking up my MP3 player . You know , out of those speakers on the side . I thought rockin ' the cleaning routine was a bonus.Sadly , those two odd circular features on either side are a lifetime HEPA filter , and a cord rewinder.Cord rewinder ?! Hold the phone . You mean I do n't have to do the lasso-over-the-plastic-hook anymore ? Nifty . Better than speakers!Pros : ----- * Lightweight * Smaller `` footprint , '' -LRB- great for storage -RRB- * Great container capacity for filth * Great agitator , good suction . * Good filtration system -LRB- so far ... -RRB- * Solid canister design ; seals well . * CORD RETRACTION ! * cheers * No really , it works . * Nice accessories , brush removable on one of them . * Easy to push around on variable surfaces . * Height-adjustment seems to work . * Plastic framework solid . * Very easy to assemble . * Sexiest red vacuum paint job ever devised.Cons : ----- * Skeptical about the `` lifetime '' HEPA filtration . * Accessory hose narrower than competitors . * Has no cute pet stories . * Light is practically useless . * Not available in shock blue , pink , green or yellow , because come on , that red is sexy.So far the performance , promises , functionality , design , ease of use , all that jazz , is up to par . I mean , in a world of terrible vacuums at ALL price points , it 's just up to us , the meek consumers , to test them out and rave and/or rant about them . This one passes for price , productivity and color pleasing . At least for me.This one should n't disappoint you , so if my words mean anything , and you 're the hesitant type , just get it . As of this writing , it 's one of the better cheaper bagless vacuums out there.KW
 Pros
 I bought this vacuum a little over a year ago , and use it about once a week to vacuum my 1 bedroom apartment . I do n't have animals or kids , so I ca n't say how well it does on big messes or fur , but for my needs it 's just about perfect . The canister dirt release is excellent , much better than my last vacuum . I also love the fact that the cord retracts , though it is somewhat of a pain because it 's low to the ground so you have to hold it up as you vacuum . The variable brush means you can use it on bare floors as well - I usually make a pass through my kitchen while I get the rest of the house . It also has this little `` hand vac '' attachment that is good for cleaning hard to reach places , like under the couch or under a dresser . Overall , I like the vacuum and would recommend it to others . I think it 's a good value - I paid about $ 90 for it and find it to be well worth it .
 I bought this vacuum cleaner a few weeks ago , and it has so much more suction power than my old one . The automatic rewind feature is wonderful , and the vacuum cleaner in general is easy to use and navigate . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This Bissell out performs all others . Bissell out did a $ 400 + vacumn ! A drawback - it gets caught into tassels which surrounds the carpet - it overheats the belt - I gave the $ 400 + to Good Will .
 Only problem i have experienced in a year of use is just the cord automatic rewind . It will , from time to time , get stuck and not release nor except cord into the winder . simply removing the 5 screws and cover will fix the problem . it is easy to do and fix , and since i have only done it twice i would say that this isnt worth not getting the vacuum .
 Read the reviews and found this to be the best deal . Was not disappointed . Great on floors and upholstery .
 This is a great vacuum as far as cleaning goes . The handheld attachment is fantastic for vacuuming pet hair off couches and beds . I used to use my vacuum and lint rollers ; now I can do it all with just this vacuum . The E-Z Empty Bottom Release Dirt Cup is really great ... you do n't have to touch all the dirty stuff you just vacuumed up . The retractable cord is a nice feature.My only complaints are that the cord is attached to the vacuum at too low a point , meaning that if you do n't constantly hold up the cord , you 'll run over it while vacuuming , and that you have to fully pull the cord out from its storage place before you begin or you 'll pull the cord out from the wall socket when trying to vacuum rather than out from the vacuum .
 My wife and I did a good deal of online research and shopping for a vacuum . It was hard to miss the overwhelmingly positive reviews that this vacuum had . Many other vacuums seemed to be a bit more risky to purchase . We felt confident -LRB- based solely on customer reviews -RRB- that this vacuum would do all of what everyone said it does . We 've now had the vacuum for just over a month and we love it . The disposal process for the dirt , etc. is as easy as we expected .
 This is the best vacuum I have ever used , and the price is great . I vacuum my carpet very often and the amount of dust that it still pulls out of the carpet is amazing . I like that you can see the dust in the clear container , it makes you feel like you have really thoroughly cleaned your carpets . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Have used the Hoover Elite Rewind 3 times and it works fine so far . Strong pickup and beats the rug well . What I particularly like is the weight which if I recall was 15.5 lbs . Much lighter than my last Bissell vacuum and that makes it much easier to clean the stairs . I have tried many other methods to clean the carpeted stairs including the extension beater which hooks onto your hose but lets face it , nothing can clean as well as the vacuum itself if you can get it to each step and this Hoover is light enough to do so . I also like the fact that you do not need to replace filters which can be costly as my last Bissell vacuum needed . The cord does properly rewind easily . So far so good.Update to review . Used the unit for 3 years without any problems . Cleans well . Now my son is using it in his home and it 's still working well .
 I 've had several vacuums that cant pick up anything ! I was so frustrated with them . Then I finally listened to my mom about doing something -LRB- getting the vacuum -RRB- . BOY am I glad I was n't hardheaded . This thing sucks up everything ! My carpet looks brand new . And it is easy to dispose the trash , too . I finally have a quality vac , at a great price . Ahhhhh ...
 I have newer carpet in my military housing home . And since it is n't the best of carpets we get alot of fuzz from it , even five months later . Our old vacuum , which was small , just was n't cutting it so I decided to look for one on Amazon . When the vacuum came my husband and I were both happily suprised at the features . The dirt cup is great with a very clean release and we love the cord rewind feature too . Over all we 're very happy with the purchase !
 This is very good vacuum and does a great job picking up cat hair . I have only two minor issues with it . The cord is too short but I love the auto retract feature , and the vacuum is a little heavy . Even with these two small issues I would buy this vacuum again .
 We have been amazed at the power of the Hoover Elite . It actually has more sucking power than the Dyson we had for 8 years prior to this one . However , we miss all of the `` extras '' we had become accustomed to with our Dyson . The cord is much shorter so it requires plugging in to two to three outlets before the job is finished , the hose for cleaning upholstery is also short so it is harder to reach items high up , the handle of the vacuum is shorter than we were used to so for taller people it is a little uncomfortable and although it has an allergen filter , it seems to kick up a lot of dust while vacuuming . Overall , it does the job well but it 's a Camry , not a Cadillac .
 I have used this vacuum for about 5 months now and it works great . Much better than bissel and other vaccuums I have owned before . It is easy to empty and clean .
 I 've had this vacuum for a few weeks and used it 3 or 4 times . It does seem to pick up more dirt than you think you even have in your house . Went together easily , works fine , the small spinning brush attachment was nice for the carpet stairs . If I could change something I would make the hose stretch easier so your arms do n't get tired when holding the vacuum and stretching out the hose to do the stairs . When using attachments , the bottom brush is still spinning , but it lifts up high enough that it does n't bother my floors , which include regular carpet , office-type carpet , and vinyl . So far I 've just been keeping it on the lowest brush height setting for all three types of floors , although I might try moving it up for the regular carpet because that will probably put less strain on the machine to spin the brush . Some people said it was messy to empty the cup , but as long as you hold it over a good sized barrel and are n't doing a hoola dance at the same time you wo n't spill any dirt out on the floor . It has n't been long enough to see if this vacuum stands the test of time yet , but so far I think it 's a good vacuum and I 'm glad I bought it .
 It 's amazing what can be sucked up with this vac . We have a Shepherd/Hound and this Vac has no problems picking up dog hair off HW floors and rugs .
 Who would of thought vacuums would cost so much at the store . It was was cheaper to buy it online . good vacuum , except for when you try to use the extension for some reason it blows back dust ... i think i just have n't found out how to use it yet though ...
 Hoover U5507-900 Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless Upright Vacuum Cleaner . Received the item in a timely fashion . It works well and the ease of emptying the dirt receptacle is a good feature . The retractable power cord is also an excellent feature . Time will tell about the overall value of this purchase .
 This is my first upright vacuum ever . Second time bag-less . This Hoover upright was a gift . I used one at a neighbors home & loved it . Then I got it for my birthday the next week ! Heavier than I thought it would be - for a petite 100 pound female . -LRB- upper body strength will be required more often -RRB- . Heavy means quality -- I hope . Assembly was super easy . Attachments are sufficient . Cord keeper is awesome . Sucking power is pretty good on my purple shag carpet . I am diggin it so far !
 Very convenient . Easy to clean the collected dust . Picks up all dust very well . Great looks and very convenient . Power cord feature is super .
 It was amazing what this vacuum picked up . It 's a little heavy but does a heck of job.There should be a place for the cord to rest while in use ; I carry it in my left hand otherwise it gets caught under the vacuum.Just one feature that 's a little short and that 's the hose and attachment . They could be a lot longer for clearing away those ceiling cobwebs . I prefer the vacuum to a dust mop.However for the price , it 's a real good buy .
 flawless , great vac . the only problem i dont care for is when vacuming you have to hold the cord up to the handle so it doesnt get ran over . Hoover should run the cord up through to the top of the handle , or make a cord clip or something , since this model is a retractable cord model
 So far , good suction . Broken belt the first 10 minutes , but probably faulty belt . The company sent me a replacement upon my phone call . Finding belts locally was difficult . I had to order some on line to keep on hand . I 've had one hose plug-up from the great suction , but hose could n't handle the deluge . It was easy , though , to unplug . Replacement of the belt was typically the same as all machines . I LOVE the way the bagless canister opens . My others were very messy . This one I just insert in garbage can and let her go . Virtually no raised dust from the dump . Overall , so far I 'm pleased with the product . For how long , time will tell , as with all other 's I 've had in the past , all from various manufacturers .
 I had an earlier model of the Hoover Elite for almost twenty years and purchased this updated model . The noise output has greatly improved along with other new conveniences . This is a terrific vacuum and I 'm looking forward to years of worry free results .
 i have had this for about 2 months now , and this thing works like a charm . i actually enjoy using it , its very light weight , and not as loud as most vacuums . under a hundred dollars shipped is a steal for the hoover , were getting one for a family member that buys a new vacuum every year
 I purchased the Hoover Elite Rewind three weeks ago and absolutely love it ! I have two dogs and a cat so pet hair is always an issue . With this vacuum the problem is gone . I am always amazed at the amount of dirt and hair that this vacuum removes from my carpet and floor . I find emptying the dirt canister easy and cleaning the hepa filter is simple . I no longer mind using the vacuum and find myself doing so every day just to see how much dirt and hair I pick up . This is a winner !
 The bright red plastic screams `` pick up your # ^ & * $ feet ! I 'm trying to clean up you filthy monkey ! '' And it 's the easiest ` no bag ' vacuum I 've ever used . I have a lot of hardwood floor and this vacuum works great on the hardwood , which was my first concern . Very sturdy and lightweight . Love it .
 This is my first bagless vacuum and I 'm amazed at it 's suction power not only for dust , hair and lint but it really lifts the nap of the rug making it look and feel like new . The cannister holds a lot and I can do the whole house twice before emptying it . It 's easy to empty , relatively quiet and overall a great vacuum for the money . Best of all , the attachments from my old Hoover fit -LRB- really do need the soft brush -RRB- . So why pay more when this vacuum can do it all . The only reason I withheld the fifth star is because the on/off button is not conveniently located and the machine must be completely upright to activate it with your foot .
 Great vacuum cleaner for the price . No expensive filters to buy , along with the pain of changing the filters . It cleans the carpet and wood flooring without spending $ 400 for a different brand -LRB- e.g. Dyson -RRB- .
 Wow , well first let me start by saying I was extremely satisfied with my ordering experience with Amazon . I ordered this on a Wednesday afternoon , for $ 79.00 , and it arrived on Friday morning . I did n't even have to pay for shipping . It arrived in perfect condition.To the vacuum : Love it ! I took it out of the box and did n't even need to read the instructions to put it together . It vacuums my carpet and linoleum floor very well , definitely up to my standards -LRB- and I 'm a clean-freak -RRB- . It 's extremely easy to empty the container that holds the dirt , and it clicks back in as easily as it comes out . I like the appearance , that it does n't look so bulky as some of the other models nowadays . It is also surprisingly quiet . When I went to use the upholstery cleaner , it sucked so hard I thought my couch would come apart . Well not seriously , but it has the strongest suction of any attatchment I 've ever used.I love this vacuum and I highly recommend it !
 We brought this because of the reviews we read and they were right , it is a great vacuum and it is a bonus that it has a HEPA filter . We recently moved into a new apartment and my husband got very bad sinus in the new apartment , I think they may have had a cat there previously . Although the carpet looked clean I used the new Hoover on it and wow there was so much cat hair and dust it was amazing what it picked up and suddenly my husband no longer had sinus . It is easy to empty , the only down side is it is a bit heavy to push . It was also a great price on Amazon .
 This was a great purchase . It works on what it was purchased for , area rugs . Assembly was quick and I 'm very satisfied , especially with the price and delivery .
 This vacuum cleaner is awesome . It does an excellent job of cleaning and is true value for money . It 's the best vacuum cleaner I have come across for this price .
 I considered titling this review `` Lightweight BUT powerful . '' However , `` AND '' works better in this case . Unlike many vacuum cleaners I 've owned or used , which are either lightweight OR powerful , this one is both.I do n't have pets , but I have kids , and they make enough of a mess . I think the only reason I might want to pay more than $ 100 for a vacuum is if I had a particularly messy animal in my home . This Hoover is easy to move around the house , and picks up the dirt . End of story .
 This vacuum is quite impressive in terms of its power , effective sunction and ease of use . I do n't have to deal with messy bags any more and it can pull out dirt even from areas I just vacuumed with my old machine !!
 The vacuum sucks . Really . Mine came with the belt broken so the brush would not turn . But this thing still sucks the dirt like mad . Be sure to include the suggested extra belts for a few bucks . Well worth the hassle if yours comes with a broken belt too .
 I am very happy with this vacuum as it does everything I need it to . I have owned a Rainbow vac for 10 years , which still works like new , but it is burdensome to assemble with all its parts when I just need to clean a small area , so this Hoover just plugs in and off it goes . It was easy to put together right out of the box and I like the weight and cleaning power . It is not overly noisy . All in all , I am very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone wanting a vacuum that is inexpensive , but practical .
 HEPA filter and auto chord rewind features are nice . Not too heavy , and wide clean paths ensure clean strokes . Bagless feature is a plus ... so far so good .
 Hoover U5507-900 Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless Upright Vacuum CleanerI have given up my old reliable Hoover Wind Tunnel for this great model.With Golden Retrievers in my home , I have been going through vacuum bags like they were peanuts . This baby eliminated that problem as well as getting my carpets , floors , and furniture really clean and free of dog hair.I have a little trouble putting the top cover on the canister , but other than that , I feel I have found a treasure .
 This vacume is quiet and effecient , I love it . It is easy to push and thehand held upholstry brush also works great . I also love the auto rewind cord . The canister is easy to empty as well . I made the right choice andthe reviews were part of why I picked it . I have a small house , and no pets , so I ca n't attest to this vacume handling big hairy houses , but it works great for me ! And I am a fussy person about having a clean house .
 I just bought the Rewind this morning after our old Eureka Boss wide track stopping sucking . Both are 20 pounds , so there 's no weight issue for me - I 'm used to pushing around something heavy . But for some reason , the Rewind seems harder to push . Partially , it might be the handle , it 's not as `` grippable '' as the old Boss , so that might be the problem . I only live in a 600 sq ft apartment and only about 500 ft of it are carpet . It did manage to suck up dirt that filled the canister 1/3 up . -LRB- although I also do n't vacuum as consistantly as I should ! -RRB- I also own a cat , and it did grab a lot of hair so that 's a major plus . Of course , the cord rewind feature is the best of all ! And , the fact that it 's red is awesome , I love that color . The bottom empty canister is nice , although you 'll obviously get dirt flying when you empty it.All in all , definately worth the price I think , and when I can afford it I will get a Dyson next!Update 6/18/11 - Well , it broke . Do n't know what 's wrong with it , but it started smoking and it might be the belt . Did n't even last us three years , and considering our vacuuming amount is , well ... less that most people 's , that 's saying something . Changing my rating to 2 stars , because it was only about $ 70 , and it worked great for those 3 years , but it should have lasted longer .
 Love this bagless vacuum , love the retractable cord . I am a 5 ' 4 female and I can maneuver it around quite easily . Definitely recommend the vacuum for the price range !
 We really like this vacuum . We moved into our new house and it was amazing how much it sucked up . It is easy to use on stairs and has a nice attachment for that . It is also easy to clean and remove the bagless part of the vacuum . Really happy with this little red Hoover .
 This Hoover does the best job of picking up dog hair of any vacuum I 've ever owned .
 We purchased this vacuum in August 2009 when we adopted a dog that sheds A LOT . The vacuum works great as long as we clean the HEPA filter every couple months . Every time I clean the filter there is plenty of very fine dirt , so I 'm satisfied it 's doing its job . The only complaints I have are 1 -RRB- the vacuum itself is very heavy and can be hard to push after awhile , but I would assume that 's just the trade-off for the amount of power this has , 2 -RRB- the brush does run when you are using the hose extension so you have to make sure not to leave it on the carpet in one spot for too long to prevent rug burns and 3 -RRB- the suction indicator on the vacuum does n't really work - it 's almost better to just empty the canister and/or clean the filter when you notice it 's not picking up as much as it used to . This has been an excellent vacuum for the price .
 We got this for our wedding . LOVED IT!Powerful , easy and nice design . The best vacuum I 've ever had .
 For the price it WAS , not what I see now ... . this is a good vac . It 's not the most expensive so do n't expect luxury . As long as you remember to regularly clean your filters , it should work like new again . I do hate , as on any Hoover I 've ever owned , that the tools come off their storage area 's when in use . A plus is it 's a little smaller - which works for me . For under $ 100 , I 'd buy again . 2 cats/2 years or so , still using.Would I buy my previous OTHER expensive beltless Hoover again ? NO .
 Especially , for the price this has been a great vacuum . I have only had it a couple months but I am shocked to see the amount it picks up . It makes me want to vacuum everyday . The auto rewind is great too . So far so great !
 This is simply the best vacuum cleaner I have ever had . The best quality for money spent all around . The rewind cord feature is amazing as well as how easily you can empty the dirt from the canister . This vacuum also picks up an amazing amount of dirt into its canister . I have started emptying the canister after every room so I can see just how dirty the next room is . I 'm always surprised at how much dirt and debris it will pick up on a carpet that looks clean already even . Another feature I love about this vacuum is the LifeTime Hepa Filter ... no more buying expensive filters ! Just wash and dry and you are set !
 I have purchased a vacuum every year for the last 4 yrs and i got ta say this vacuum is amazing !!! Will buy another if need be !
 I looked around quite a bit and then read customer reviews and this vacuum rated very well with most people . After having it for about a month now I ca n't believe I did n't buy one a lot sooner . It works fantastic . I first cleaned my carpet with my old vacuum thinking I was doing a good job but when I went over it again with the Hoover Elite I could n't believe all the dirt and dog hair that my old vacuum had missed . I would recommend this vacuum to anyone . The price was low but it performs like a high end model .
 -LRB- sing to `` Row , Row , Row your boat '' -RRB- Zoom , zoom , zoom the vac ' up and down the hall , It sucks and cleans and picks up dirt , e ` en against the wall.Fill , fill , fill it up , there 's no bag to change , Fits into the closet , so no need to rearrange.Keep , keep , keep it up -- this one 's running fine!Hope to have it run and run till 2029 .
 I think it 's a great product . I love everything about it with just one exception - twice I 've gone to empty the canister and had it open up while I was taking it out , dumping the dirt all over the floor -LRB- which I had to vacuum up again ! -RRB- Now I 'm just really careful when I go to take it out .
 works well . lightweight . great machine for the price . will never buy another vacuum without auto cord rollup feature -- it 's that much easier
 I love the way this machine clicks and snaps all of its accessories into place , and the way the removal of the dust mass from the canister can be done without touching the dirt itself -LRB- not possible with my old machine -RRB- . It 's also nice and powerful ; my persian carpet has never looked so clean so quickly , despite thick dachshund hair ! The only problem is when I use the wand attachments to clean the furniture -LRB- which it also does very well -RRB- , it annoys me that the rotors on the main vacuum keep turning . You have to remember to reset the height of the rotors so that it does n't churn up the floor or carpet where it is sitting while you do chair cleaning . I guess you can also turn it on its side so that does n't happen . But this seems like such a basic feature to build into any vacuum . Even my 85 dollar crap vacuum cleaner had the feature where the main floor head stopped turning if I was using the wand attachment.But apart from that , I actually really like this cleaner . The filter is very good , and we are pleased with the results .
 I really like this vasc . It 's light weight easy to move around and easy to empty and clean . The suction is pretty fair not shop vac suction . It 's cleans my carpeting to my satisfaction and because of it 's liteweight easy to use on stairs . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a new vac.Hoover U5507-900 Elite Auto-Rewind Bagless Upright Vacuum Cleaner
 At first , I thought I was unpacking a spacecraft spare part and was worried how it is going to sound . Fortunately , the vac isnt noisy and has excellent suction -LRB- of course , it has been only 2-3 months -RRB- . While incredibly simple to `` assemble '' , manuverability is not exactly its claim-to-fame . The attachments are the standard ware you 'd find in any entry-level vac and they do their job . The product itself seems sturdy , until you inspect the dustbin . Each time you push the lever to get the collected dirt out , I feel as if the whole unit will fall off . Very flimsy support structures for the dustbin ; best to be careful while unloading the dirt . The auto-rewind is an excellent feature -LRB- and spares me some `` Why cant you store the vac properly on the rare times you help out ? '' speech , no , conversation -RRB- . Overall , an excellent value for a sub-100 $ vac . Will need to see how long it maintains its current performance , or if it is just flattering to deceive ...
 Great Vacuum . Works very well but I had to replace the belt one week after purchase.Follow up
 This is one of the best vacuum I had bought so far . I had gone thru several vacuums due to my wifes allergy . This vacuum is nicely design and little effort is needed to push this guy around . Great idea to install a washerable HEPA filter , eliviated my wifes allergy issues indoor .
 The hoover U5507-900 is a darn good machine . It is easy to use and especially easy to empty . The only reason I did not give it the full 5 stars is because the power cor is about 4 feet to short . My previous Hoover had a cord long enough to reach in any direction I need without changing outlets . The new one comes up short in this respect . Otherwise for the money , it ca n't be beat . Why spend $ 400 + for the D model , when for under a hundred you can get the same benifits .
 We had to get rid of a Bissel that had become a bit of a virago.I would have said , `` Buy the Dyson ! '' -LRB- 'cause it looks cool -RRB- , but the wife is frugal . So we got this one at a good price here at Amazon.This vacuum , according to my wife , is a fantastic vacuum cleaner . She says it empties easily , has excellent power and is relatively quiet . We would not have paid extra for the rewinder , but she loves that , too , and will probably look for that feature in the future.Highly recommended by someone who , thank god , loves to vacuum !
 For the price I think this Hoover is fantastic . This vacume has gone where no vacume has gone before in my house . Sure you can pay a whole lot more for another that may have a little more suction but you 'll probably damage something you like with it . The auto wind cord is absolutely the best . I also like the special handle to carry it at a more comfortable height since I am short ! I really , really , really , like it and my house is without a doubt deep cleaned .
 I purchase the vacuum yesterday after obsessing over my options for two weeks . We have mainly hardwood floors in the house , but where we have carpet we need to vacuum every other day . We have 3 cats and a dog . All of them short hair , but all of them shedding as it 's summer . I had a Hoover Wind Tunnel bagged vacuum that died on me -LRB- with sparks and everything ! -RRB- . I had it for 6 years and it worked great . I obsessed about what to buy . Do I get another Hoover ? Do I go for broke and get a Dyson ? Do I follow Consumer Reports and get a Kenmore ? AHHHHHH ! Too many choices . Sears had this one on sale for $ 99 . I hesitated and visited it 3 times before purchasing one . The one I got was blue . I was told it was because it was sold by Sears ?! I could n't find anything to back up or contradict the statement . I put it together myself -LRB- simple to do as there was only one screw -RRB- . My son was very impressed . I plugged it in and started in on our busiest family area carpet . I had to empty the dirt collection cup twice ! It took much less time to clean than with my old vacuum . I usually had to go over and over the same area to get all the hair . This one did it in the first of second pass . It picked up carpet fibers but I felt as though they were fibers that my old one missed.Cons1 . Short cord - had to move the plug twice to get one large room clean2 . Hand tools fall off - why bother with the on board holders if they wo n't keep them on ? 3 . Hose too short to use on stairs and difficult to use on furniture without the machine falling overPros1 . Price : - -RRB- 2 . Cleans carpet well3 . Easy to empty collection cup4 . Easy to move up and down stairs -LRB- light weight -RRB- 5 . No bagsBottom Line
 I really like this Hoover Upright Elite . The chord rewind is really convenient & the ease of emptying the dirt cup is just great ! I was also pleasantly suprised at how quiet this vacuum is compared to my old Dirt Devil . The only thing I miss is there is no edge cleaner on this model but that would n't stop me from repurchasing this vacuum . Overall - great vacuum for the price !
 I did a lot of research before buying this vacuum . I have a golden retriever that is an all-year-round shedder and long haired domestic cat . There is a fur epidemic in my home . I truly needed something to tackle the job without a sweat . I looked at the Dyson Animal , but could n't bring myself to spend over $ 500 for it . So , after reading all the reviews for the Hoover Elite , I gave in . Afterall , for under 100 dollars I could at least try it out ... and I am so HAPPY that I did.I just vacuumed my living room with it and it is so impressive . The suction is amazing . I love that you do n't have to get your hands dirty when it comes to emptying the cannister filled with dirt . It 's so light compared to my Bissel -LRB- that broke after two years -RRB- and the retracting cord is a major plus for me . I 'm one of those people that always got the cord tangled and all curled up because of the way I would wrap it up . This is a major time savor . There are no extensions for the hose but that 's ok . I 'm a short person -LRB- 5 ' 2 -RRB- and so far I 'm totally in love with this vacuum and OH did I mention that it 's quiet ... OH YEAH it 's quiet ... Big bonus since I 'm due to deliver my fist baby boy this April . Very Satisfied Customer !
 Take a couple of stars away from that scale , I was starry eyed during the first two weeks of ownership . I 've had this thing a month now and the filter and hose became incredibly clogged . And it did n't stop sucking ... it just spewed everything into the air through the hose adapter ! My husband had to take the whole thing apart and use the air compressor to clean out the filter , then pound the hose out to unclog all of the compressed dust and hair inside . I guess if you do n't have a furry dog , a furry cat , 3 long haired girls and dust in the house it would be a fine machine , but I 'm not into doing that routine once a month . This puppy 's going back from whence it came . No more playing - I just brought home a Dyson .
 I have been using this vacuum for a few weeks now and am more impressed than I ever expected to be for this price . I have several pets in my home , and am allergic to dust mites , so I vacuum about every other day . My old vacuum -LRB- a Eureka bag-less I had for years -RRB- was finally giving out , and I decided to try this Hoover . I am glad I did!Here are the pros :1 . effective
 Pros
 This vacuum is one of the best vacuums I have used for its price and its efficiency . I have done my research and tried many different vacuums , but I never felt my house feel cleaner than it has with this vacuum . You can actually feel the freshness of the house when you finish .
 I 've had the Hoover Elite U5507-900 for about 2 months so far . It 's a nice vacuum for the unbeatable price . Other reviewers have mentioned an annoyance with the power cord coming out of the bottom of the vacuum , but there is a `` clip '' on the handle intended for the cord , and once clipped the cord is nicely out of the way . I find the vacuum easy to push and maneuver around my 1400 sq foot single story home . The power-paw type feature is nice if you use it correctly . What drives the power brush is mere velocity driven by the suction in the attached hose , so a light touch on furniture or out of the way carpet areas will give you good results - too much pressure will stop the suction and thus stop the brush from rolling . The hose is a bit short and tight , the vacuum 's only flaw in my view . It only reaches a few feet without pulling the entire vacuum over . Not a big deal for a home with no stairs , but would be more problematic for a stairway as you 'd really have to do one step at a time , then move the vacuum up a step to continue . The dust cup emptying is fine , yes it 's a dusty job , but worth it to me not to have to purchase bags . It 's also easy and convenient because there is a latch that allows the dust to fall out the bottom of the dust cup and it 's `` mostly '' hands free . If the dust cup gets overfull , you do have to stick your hand up inside to dislodge furballs and so on . Not a big deal , it 's only dirt ! The vacuum is relatively quiet , as vacuums go . The cord is long enough for my home and I can do a whole room before I have to relocate the cord . For large homes it may be too short . The auto rewind is heaven ! Wish all vacuums had it . The vacuum is an attractive red color , made of what seems to be durable plastic , but time will tell . The vacuum does not tip completely flat for getting under beds and low tables , but the power paw attachment can get under things to do a quick cleanup . I have 3 pets , including two long-haired cats who are shedding like mad . The vacuum is doing a nice job so far of picking up loads of pet hair , and it has n't clogged up and spit out lines of unswept hair as I vacuum yet . Most of my other vacuums have had this irritating problem , but this one is performing well so far . Overall I 'm pleased at what I got for the money and I recommend this vacuum . I would have given it 5 stars if it had features such as self-propelled , a longer hose , and had it gone flat for reaching under beds . For what I want though - which is picking up pet fur , I am satisfied . You ca n't beat the reasonable cost of this vacuum !
 I 'm kind of a lazy housekeeper so I needed a vacuum that was easy to use because I am sooo not going to change filters or bags or whatever . I had a canister vacuum before and I just hated having to vacuum and pull the canister around , so this vacuum is awesome ! It picks up all kinds of dirt and pet hair and its REALLY COOL to see everything that you 're picking up . Plus if you accidentally vacuum something you did n't want vacuumed , you can just get it when you dump it out and do n't have to mess with a bag or anything . The vacuum is wide too so you can cover more ground , and its pretty quiet for a vacuum . Love it ! Would recommend to anyone !
 We currently have 2 vacuums , a Eureka upright that uses bags and a GE bagless upright . The Eureka is about 5 years old , the GE is about 7 or 8 years old . I have been looking for a vacuum for the past few weeks , and ran across this on Amazon for 65 shipped . I got it today and WOW ! I vacuumed my room downstairs with the Eureka and then went back over it with the new Hoover . It picked up so much dust , pethair and carpet fiber that the Eureka left behind it was almost disgusting to think I had been sitting on that crap for years.The Eureka is going into the laundry room for the occasional mess , but the GE is getting trashed on Monday.I read some bad reviews on this vacuum , but I think most of them are because people are idiots . Someone said that it was difficult to remove the canister to empty it . Not a problem , it detaches and reattaches with ease.As far as the longevity of the vacuum is concerned I can not say , but for less than 100 bucks its worth taking a chance on , I love it !
 This is a great sweeper for the money . You would n't believe what it picked up after using my old electrolux for 2 weeks . At this price I can buy a new one every year if I have to , time will tell . Love the retractable cord .
 I bought this vacuum cleaner to use while I was living in a temporary apartment -- thinking it was cheap and would n't last long -- especially the rewind feature . WRONG ! This is a really good vacuum cleaner . It cleans well , it is easy to empty , and the cord rewinder works!I 'm ordering a second one to give to my recent college grad -- for use in his first apartment .
 We were very pleased with this vaccum 's performance . It did a great job picking up both cat hair and dust . Great performance for the price , and the attachments and modes are all easy to use ... it was convienient being able to switch from vaccuming our rugs to the hardwoods .
 I guess there 's a difference between the Elite Rewind , and the Deluxe Elite Rewind . Either that , or everyone gets a lemon from time to time . I guess I just got a great model . I 've seen other people bash this vacuum left and right saying that it falls apart after a few months and becomes unreliable . I 've owned my vacuum for almost a year now , and can say that it works just as great as the first time I used it . Have n't had any clog or belt problems like everyone else seems to have.Cleaning
 This vacuum cleaner works great on carpet to pick up anything . The cord rewind feature is super but the cord is moderate in length . You do need to empty the dirt container regularly ... Overall great !
 I 've had this vacuum for over 6 mo. and I loved almost everything about it ... until the first time I tried to `` clean '' the lifetime HEPA filter . This is my first bagless and I agree its a breeze to empty . But then you 're in for a surprise the first time you unscrew the little cannister inside the larger chamber to access the filter . A wad of ultra fine dust plopped right onto my slipper while a small cloud plumed all over me and my garage . But this was only the start . The first time I `` tapped '' the filter to clean it , a dustcloud to rival Mt. St. Helen 's erupted all over me . I removed myself to the yard for the remainder of the procedure , tapping the filter against a tree trunk . The amount of fine dust trapped in that filter was enormous . All the flowers below my tree were caked in gray . I was covered . BUT , at least I got the filter clean . Only now it 's wintertime and I just do n't feel like getting dust all over my winter coats , which are too hard to launder . So I 'd love to just buy a replacement filter . Is there such a thing?I still give this vacuum 4 stars because it is so wonderful in all other regards -LRB- well OK , would it kill them to provide just one extension arm ? -RRB- , and I 'd be forever pleased if I could just find an i
 The Hoover Elite Rewind is excellent ! After using a Dirt Devil for so long , I was simply amazed what this picked up , it was like I had n't vacuumed in 6 months , but really I had . Easy to use & move around , lightweight , cord rewinds , easy to empty container . It 's a keeper !!
 I have n't used a Dyson yet so I ca n't fairly compare the two , but this little Hoover really sucks a lot of dirt for about 1/4 of the price of a one . I particularly like the way the canister is emptied ; just push one button to release the canister , then push a little lever when you want to empty it out . No fuss , no mess . The attachments are great , but one thing that is NOT so nice is that the hose is pretty short ; not a big deal but Hoover , if you 're reading this , make it longer next time . You end up toting the vacuum right next to you all the time if you want to use the hose with an attachment . The cord retractor is GREAT as well ... I used to get so tired of coiling up the cord on my last vac . All in all I highly recommend this vac if you do n't have the six figure income required to `` invest '' in a Dyson .
 My mother owns a Dyson vacuum , which she bought to ensure quality . I do n't have $ 400 or $ 500 to spend on a Dyson , but I was still really concerned about buying a quality vacuum . I did a lot of research , and after reading everyone else 's reviews about this vacuum , I decided I would gamble $ 95 on what seemed to be a great buy.Was it ever ! I 've only had it a day and it 's already outperforming my old Bissell Featherweight . I just vacuumed yesterday with the Bissell , and the Hoover Elite Rewind sucked up another huge dustball this evening when I tested it out . I am also highly pleased with the assortment of the attachments and ease of assembly . I think the Hoover might weigh a teensy bit more than 18 pounds , but I could use the exercise and it 's not even a factor because it performs so well . It has different settings for different floors , great sucking power , and it is n't even that loud . The `` new vacuum '' smell of packaging and plastic was n't nearly as bad as I expected and went away after a few minutes - I 'm really sensitive to smells , so it was a big concern , but one that was alleviated pronto!Can ' t beat this Hoover 's HEPA filter , long retractable cord , good looks , very helpful booklet -LRB- included in the box -RRB- , and huge power for under $ 100 ! One note
 Just got this vacuum a couple weeks ago . Target had it on sale with a $ 20 instant gift card with purchase . Decided to go and get it since it got great reviews here on Amazon , and our crappy Bissel needed replacing . Immediately after using it the first time , the canister was full of dirt that the Bissel was n't picking up ! And it 's the quietest vacuum I 've ever owned . Very user friendly . I recommend it !
 The Hoover has very good suction and is light and easy to use . we were amazed at the ease of operation . We especially like the cord reel . We have never had an upright that worked this well . My wife used to clean houses for a living , and she says that the hoover works better than the industrial strength upright that she used then . The only downfall is cleaning the filter . when the filter gets clogged up , you have to remove it from the vaccum and manually brush it and tap it clean . While doing this job , you are exposed to the finest silt and dust that gets cought in it . Not a pleasant job , especially since I usally get stuck with it . Hence the 4 stars .
 Pros
 I bought this hoover product from Amazon because of the other reviews , well all they were right , First It 's really cheap compared with other brands and places you 'd got the same for the double or even triple price . It 's beautiful and easy to assembly , and the best , once you use it you 'll see all hidden dust and debris under your carpet and you were living with it without knowing it was there , I was shock when I saw the filter and the compartment full of dust and particles , I ca n't believe I 'd vaccumed the day before with my old vaccum cleaner .
 I love this vacuum it picks up everything . The first time I used it , it picked up stuff I did n't even know was on the carpet . Only draw back it is not light , but it 's worth it . I would reccommend it highly .
 I have had this vacuum for about a month and I love it . I have a white cat whose fur I am constantly sweeping up and this vacuum works great . I especially love the pet hair attachment and how powerful it is . I will definately recommend it to anyone who wants a great vacuum but does n't want to or ca n't afford to pay a great deal of money for it .
 Have n't had the vac long but so far it has very good suction and light weight when using . The cord rewind is a plus also .
 We bought this vacuum with little expectations besides it picking up obvious dirt and dust . We 've had it for over 4 years without any replacement parts ! It does n't vacuum as well as it used to -LRB- definitely does not pick up dog hair well -RRB- so I gave in and bought a dyson . In comparison , the dyson is lighter and definitely picks up what this did n't -LRB- I vacuumed right after -RRB- but if you do n't have a pet , you prob will be ok with this product . If you average it over the 4 years , the vacuum is a steal ! The dyson is friggin ' expensive and better last me for many many years ! The one thing I love about this vaccuum is that it has a retractable cord . It also has a large bagless container . The down side of this vacuum is that it is quite heavy and hard to maneuver into corners and stairs . If you are on a budget , I think this is the best cheap vacuum you can get !
 I 've owned this vacuum since May 2009 . It has been through a lot and is still going strong . I have two cats that shed a lot , and I live on the beach with carpeted floors so I need to vacuum at least 3 times a week . The suction is still very powerful , -LRB- which I partly attribute to cleaning the filters once a month -RRB- , and the brush still has plenty of life left in it . What I 'm most surprised by is the retractable power cord still goes all the way in every time , I do n't think I 've ever owned a vacuum where the cord rewind kept working for more than a year . Overall great purchase .
 for the price it 's hands down the best vac I 've ever owned . Have a shedding short hair dog and it sucks it all up like crazy . Still running great after over a year.Get one !
 I purchased this hoover sweeper & I love it . Even my 15yr old daughter does n't complain carrying up the steps in our split entry . We really love the auto-rewind cord . Dirt cup is easy to empty & see that you 've really did a good job on the carpet . Would highly recommend this product .
 I like this vacuum . It works as well as Dyson or my mom 's oreck.But it 's a lot less expensive ,
 Yes , this vacuum sucks ! But given that 's what it 's supposed to do , it 's a good thing.My home has a small area covered with carpet . I can vacuum all of my carpet in ten minutes . Generally , I am a fairly neat person and I do not have any pets . Given all of that , I did not need a heavy duty vacuum cleaner . I needed a hundred-dollar vacuum cleaner . The trick was to find a good one for that price , and for that unit to have some desirable features . In those respects , this Hoover is a winner.The vacuum has enough power to clean my medium-shaggy carpet . The unit operates smoothly and the wheels roll nicely . All the debris gets collected in a transparent canister , so there are no bags to replace . Smaller dust particles are captured in a pleated paper filter . The air also has to pass through a HEPA filter prior to being released back in the room . Overall , the vacuum does a good job of keeping dust from blowing back out into the room . The controls , such as the power switch , operate properly . The brushes on the bottom rotate smoothly and the transparent cover allows you to see if there is anything caught in the rollers.My favorite feature on this vacuum is the auto-rewind power cord storage system . Basically , you can press a switch and the power cord will automatically rewind for storage . This is very handy for those of us who are too lazy to rewind and loop the power cord after vacuuming . This is a very nice and tidy solution to an annoying aspect of vacuuming . However , this does limit cord length to 24 feet . Let me add that there is absolutely nothing wrong with not wanting to have to rewind your power cord . Unless you enjoy house cleaning , every little thing you can do to eliminate hassle , no matter how small it may be , is a bonus!The quality of the materials , the construction , and the fit-finish , are what you would expect from a unit in this price range . The plastic material is not as sturdy or as robust as I would like . The hardware and the attachments are not heavy duty . If you want heavy duty , please plan on spending more than a hundred dollars . My small floor area does not justify the purchase of a $ 500 unit . If you have a lot of carpet and a large area , then you might consider buying the most expensive unit that you can . For those with a small floor area and for those who live in a small apartment , this unit will do just fine.One thing to consider is that this unit 's attachments are `` passive '' . Meaning that you do not have a rotating brush on the wide attachment . So , if you have pet hairs to clean or a lot of stairs to vacuum , you might consider a unit with rotating brushes on the attachments . The crevice tool is just like any other crevice tool you will find . The hose is fairly sturdy and attaches securely to the unit.The fact that there are no bags to replace is also a big bonus . You no longer have to go through the hassle of trying to find the right bags . There are two filters . The cylindrical pleated filter inside the dirt cup will probably need to be replaced eventually . At the very least , it should be cleaned on a regular basis . The HEPA filter , I suspect , will last a very long time since the air passing though it has been pre-filtered by the first filter.The units made by Dyson supposedly maintain their suction even as the dirt cup starts to get full . That is a definite advantage . I would have been willing to pay to have a Dyson if the amount of space that I have to clean justified it . But with my modest needs , this Hoover is more than sufficient . The Hoover is a conventional unit . Other than the auto-rewind power cord storage system , this unit is just like your average unit in this price range . Will this unit maintain its suction as the dirt cup starts to fill ? I suspect it will maintain suction better than a unit that uses conventional bags . However , I do not believe it will maintain strong suction once the dirt cup and the pleated filter starts to fill . But then again , my home is small enough that I can vacuum all of my carpets without filling up the dirt cup . Afterwards , all I do is empty the dirt cup , and shake the dust loose off of the pleated filter . I have not yet experienced a drop-off in suction . But if you clean wide areas of carpet and pick up lots of debris , then the Dyson 's ability to maintain strong suction even with the dirt cup being full is a big advantage . If you have a small apartment , then you have nothing to worry about losing suction.Like most things , the more you spend , the higher the quality of the product that you will get . This Hoover is not meant to compete with the $ 500 + vacuum cleaners . It 's meant to compete with others in its price range . With that in mind , its build quality and features set make it one of the top choices in the range .
 - Easy to use with little effort despite non-self-propelled - Powerful suction - See results through clear plastic canister - easy to empty the canister - Does n't get hot like some vacuum cleaner - Retractable cord is one main reason we bought this vacuum cleaner - Love the color scheme - Our 30 year old self-propelled Hoover with retractable cord brush bearing had just broken beyond repair but the motor still runs and pull vacuum ! - We wonder when is Hoover going to build a car ?
 I bought this for the RV & have used it several times ! So far its working excellent ! I think the cord is a little short becase it otherewise would not fit into the rewind wheel . The RV is 45 ft long so I plug it into a receptacle in the middle & can reach pretty much the whoe thing . I do reccomend this cleaner especailly for an rv or boat or apt ... still do prefer my Dyson animal for my kind of large house tho .
 First , I am a big fan of the bagless vacuums . I get a perverse pleasure out of seeing how much dirt and hair I pick up each time I vacuum . Having a Border Collie and a three year old there is always dirt to pick up and this vacuum works wonderfully . It 's light weight and easy to use . I especially like the separate tool used for upholstery , it has it 's own rotating brush . The only downfall I see is that the retractable cord is not long enough . I find myself having to switch outlets many more times than I ever had to before . For me it can be very frustrating to be in the middle of vacuuming a room and have to stop because the cord does n't reach quite far enough . Overall , I would suggest this vacuum it 's a great deal
 I love this vacuum . We used it after our old vacuum , and I could n't believe all the cat hair we picked up ! An entire cat !
 This item rocks . If you have kids or pets this item is a must . I recived it in 24 hours so as always amazon shipping rocks .
 I 've only had this vacuum for about two months and everything has been running smoothly . I was amazed by the suction power it has . I think that for that price it is an awesome buy . My apartment is only 500 sq ft , so the U5507 is perfect for my needs . I use it 2-3 times a week and I always pick up a lot of dust . It is easy to empty thanks to the detachable canister . The retractable hose is my favorite feature since I hate winding up the cord ... overall I 'm very pleased so far .
 This vacuum cleaner is the most amazing value . It picked up so much material from my office carpet that we had to empty the unit twice . We 've had it for almost a month and have no complaints
 My expectations were not only met , they were exceeded with this product . It has all the functionality I could ask for . In addition , it is fairly light weight and extremely versatile . This item replaced for me one of the very first versions of the Hoover Wind-Tunnel which was purchased 15 + years ago . I 'm impressed with power and ease of use .
 I will make this short and sweat . We looked at several other vacuums and read several reviews . This vacuum is what you are looking for if you are trying to get a good bagless upright that gets the job done . I love the retractable cord and also the easy to empty mess free canister . I 'm very happy with the vacuum . The sucking power is great . It sucked up one of my curtains when I got too close to it so be careful . This is a really good product .
 this vacuum was the best no bags no filters easy dump cup buy this vacuum .
 I was looking for something to keep my mid-sized apartment cleaned , as I am a pretty big neat-freak . This was the perfect buy . The automatic cord-retractor is a great feature , although it was n't the feature that made me choose to purchase this model , it is definitely something I 'm glad it has . It 's not too loud , nor too heavy . It 's got a very easy to use bagless garbage collection bucket . Limits the amount of dust you put back onto your floor after cleaning it the first time . I love this product and am super happy I got it and at such a great price !
 I searched around for a while for a reasonable priced vaccum . I have only 1 real rug but man was it covered in dog hair , i used to be able ot rake it off with my One Sweep , now that I have this vac there is almost none left even after a day or two of not vaccuming . I am so happy i bought this vac !
 So far , so good ! I am in love with our new chair and it fits me perfect , but I must admit that it was made for shorter people . My husband -LRB- 6 ' 0 '' -RRB- does not quite fit as comfortably as me , but still enjoys the motion of the chair . He needs a few extra pillows to support his neck . This is a great chair !
 How much can you expect from a set of wooden spoons . They do their job and theyre wooden . Haha I mean really . They 're not short as the previous reviewer had said . Theyre normal size . Yes theyre not made of excellent wood , but you get what you pay for come on people . Rate it at it 's price , dont compare it to $ 20 wooden spoons !
 The spoons are great , as with most wood spoons you are better off to clean them by hand or before putting in dishwasher .
 This set of wooden spoons has worked great . My girlfriend loves to cook and bake so these were an ideal purchase . They are very sturdy and get the job done .
 I bought these spoons with the intention of using them for woodburning . But as far as wooden spoons go , these are smooth , clean , and sturdy . They seem to be very good quality .
 They are medium weight and good construction . I expect they 'll hold up for a long time and a great price for all three ... which is why I ordered these :0 -RRB-
 3 wooden spoons , what to say about that ? Good reach for thwacking spouses or kids more interested in playing their iPads than actually eating breakfast or helping clean . They stir things good . Not much else to add : - -RRB-
 I purchased these to dip the ends in paint and adorn Christmas gifts with . They are decent . I ended up going to the dollar store because I needed some more and found some that were much nicer and less expensive -LRB- two for $ 1 -RRB- . I would likely go that route if I did it again .
 These are my favorite cooking companions
 Good wooden spoons are a must for any kitchen . These are a fine addition to my collection of specialty cooking tools . A must buy .
 I just bought this comforter for my 3 year old son . He absolutely LOVES it . He is a big fan of Scooby Doo , and this comforter is just perfect , great pictures and color too !
 SO NOW WE WILL HAVE ANOTHER REAL FAMILY FAVORITE IN OUR TROPICAL FAMILY PLAY ROOM AS OF CHRISTMAS MORNING ... CA N'T WAIT ! GREAT COLORS STYLE & THEME !
 Excellent quality and rich color . I tried it as a skillet , takes a while to heat up ... I think this would be best oven roasting or to saute onions , followed by stove-top roasting . Very heavy , of course , and the lid , too , is heavy enough to hold in juicy steam.This is a large piece . You could prepare a meal for four . You want to be smart in how much you move this around . With hand trouble , I 've learned to use straight wrists to carry it close to me -LRB- when cool , of course -RRB- . Then I take the water or food to the piece , cook and serve from it right off the stove ... cool down , and `` hug '' it to the sink . I used smaller pieces of a similar brand for smaller meals . With care , this should serve you for a life-time .
 Received product as promised and in the condition described . Could n't have asked for a better experience .
 This is a great little radio . It 's got great volume levels that can be heard throughout the house without distortion . It 's also very easy to set the time and alarms . It 's small and compact so it 's perfect for desks and whatnot . I definitely recommend !
 This is a very neat small footprint alarm clock radio . To be noted is that the clock has a digital display -LRB- Red LED -RRB- , however , the radio tuning is analog . Therefore if you live in an area where the radio stations are fairly congested , you may encounter difficulty in tuning to the exact station that you want . There is an FM antenna -LRB- black wire -RRB- attached that can be stretched out so that a stronger signal can be obtained.Here are the specifications for this unit : - Frequency Range
 I have these and want MORE ! They are perfect for smoothies and they are large enough for a ice cream soda float . I use them daily and love ice water in them .
 I had this decanter as a wedding gift when we first got married many years ago . It was used all the time as we would cook . Unfortunately it broke , but I was excited to find it on amazon and ordered it . It is just like the one that broke , has its place on my counter and is used constantly .
 I get compliments on this product and it works so quick and easy . I can set it on the table or use it while cooking it 's great .
 Got the first as a gift from Italy . Unfortunately , it got broken and have been looking for a replacement for a long time now . Found this and it 's identical . Perfect vinegar and oil dispenser !
 i love this thing ... it 's a bit fragile so you want to be careful with it , but it 's glass so it 's kind of expected ... it 's hold a decent amount , i use it often !
 Use as fondue for 2 , gravy boat for 2 , mini casserole , mini meatloaves.The oval shape helps the spoon stay in the pot . wonderful for keeping things warm .
 He uses this every day - sometimes more than once - to crush cans for our recycling pickup . I 'm sure the recycle-man probably appreciates it . Because the cans are crushed , we now have more room in our bin for other recyclables . Product is sturdy and is holding up very well .
 The bottom plastic plate broke after crushing a couple thousand cans . It lasted for months . I should be happy , right ? No.However , I was given a free replacement . The customer service is outstanding . This is an old school company , standing behind their product .
 The Easy Pull can crusher is the first item of its type I have owned . After researching and reading reviews I settled in on purchasing this item . It performs as advertised and does so flawlessly . Construction is sturdy and it should last a good long time . Glad I bought it .
 EASY TO INSTALL , MADE OF A HIGH QUALTY PLASTIC . I HAVE USED OTHER CRUSHERS BEFORE AND AS CRUSHING HAS PASSED THEY GET WEAK , THE METAL STARTS TO BEND FROM THE PRESSURE YOU WOULD APPLY . WELL NOT THIS ONE EASY PULL IS SOLID !!! I HUNG IT IN MY GARAGE WALL I USE IT DAILY AND HAVE NOT HAD ANY ISSUES WITH IT . FORGET WASTING YOUR MONEY ON ANY OTHER CRUSHER AND JUST GET THE ONE THAT WILL LAST AND KEEP CRUSHING FOR YEARS TO COME !!! UPDATE TO FOLLOW .
 This can crusher is fantastic and does the job very well . I put this on the wall and have a plastic tote underneath to catch each can . I already have 5 garbage bags filled with crushed cans and no problems at all . Just make sure to mount soundly as this thing does work . Thank you !
 I have used this crusher for at least a year now for thousands of cans . It works as well now as it did the day I received it . It is worth the price as you will not have to replace it anytime soon . Buy it !
 I purchased the Easy Pull can crusher about a year ago . My wife and I do a lot of recycling . My neighbors bring us their cans for crushing , and along with what we have , there is literally thousands of cans crushed by us during the year.Last week , one of the guides came out of the lower `` block '' and would not fasten back in . I emailed Easy Pull and explained what happened . My intent was to just get replacement parts because we LOVE this product . Within 12 hours , we were contacted via a phone call AND email . Greg was awesome ... he told us that they stand behind their product 100 % . He immediately had the warehouse ship us out a entire NEW system , completely free of charge -LRB- which is an upgraded product from what we originally purchased -RRB- . It arrived today , just 3 days after first speaking with Greg ! You just can not beat that type of service.My wife and I recommend this product and this company to EVERYONE ! It is MADE IN USA !!!! ... . and ... . I spoke to an AMERICAN on the phone ! How great is that ??? You do n't even have to PRESS 1 for English !!!
 THIS CAN CRUSHER WORKS GREAT ... I HAVE HAD OTHERS , BUT THEY WORE OUT OR RUSTED OR JUST GAVE OUT . THIS CRUSHER IS EASY TO USE ... STURDY ... AND CAN BE MOUNTED JUST ABOUT ANYWHERE . I HAVE MINE OUT BY THE PATIO ... AND WHEN WE HAVE PARTYS ... IT GETS USED PLENTY ... AT THE END OF A COUPLE MONTHS ... ITS OFF TO THE RECYCLE SITE ... AND USUALLY A RETURN OF ABOUT 30 DOLLARS ... ONE TRIP PAID FOR THE CAN CRUSHER ... GOOD VALUE ... . STURDY CONSTRUCTION ... AND WELL WORTH THE MONEY . .
 Have had this crusher about 3 months now . Fairly sturdy it seems . Mounted it in a stud on the garage wall feeding into a 15gal recycle bin . Crushed several hundred cans and does n't seem like it will wear out any time soon .12 oz cans no problem . My Coor 's cans -LRB- slightly taller than reg 12oz -RRB- do fit but anything taller -LRB- tall boys or guiness etc. -RRB- will not fit.This crusher crushes can top to bottom flat as can be expected . Some other crushers crush can lying down `` folding '' them in the middle not giving much more room than tossing them whole so this one is nice.Once you load the can you do n't touch it again as the crushing motion goes down and forward so when you return to the open position can has been ejected dropping into your container.Very nice device . Gave 4 instead of 5 stars because wont crush tall cans but what it does it does very well .
 This can crusher does the job . It does n't flatten a can as much as the `` boot on the floor '' method , but it is much easier to use . I mounted the crusher on a wall in the laundry room . I placed a garbage can with a plastic bag in it under the crusher . Pulling the handle down crushes the can ; as the handle is returned to the up postion the can falls into the container . Pretty handy . I 'm going to get two more
 Can be easily used with one hand , and the attached container is a great feature . Even better -- when my wife made me take it off our kitchen wall -LRB- we do n't have a garage , yet -RRB- , I found it can be almost as easily used by laying it down in the sink . A fantastic product !
 I had been looking for a &#8220; substantial &#8221; can crusher , and was a little apprehensive initially about this one , not wanting to buy something plastic and flimsy . Then I read the reviews , which touted the robustness of this model . After having crushed about 3,000 cans with it , I can say my concerns were unnecessary . This product performs perfectly , and remains totally solid , like the day I first used it . If you have concerns about this product not standing up , forget them . It is a very well made , solid , well engineered product .
 Very easy to install and is very easy to operate . So far , I am very pleased with it . I would have given it five stars but I have not had it long enough to see how long it will work trouble free .
 Great product , well made , easy to use even my 8 year old son enjoys using it , no empty cans around the house as soon as one is empty my son is right there waiting to crush it.I wish they made a 16oz crusher , other than that I recommend it to anyone that wants a crusher that is easy to use and well made .
 I love this can crusher it is so easy to use and the handle stays up out of the way when not in use .
 They will not crush nothing but a standard 12 oz can no tall boys or Michelobe Ultra cans it is a easy crusher
 My husband drinks way too much beer and I hate cans laying around but he likes to recycle them and turn them in for money so he can spend it on more beer . This crusher is super easy to mount on the wall and to use and helps to keep him out of trouble with me .
 We purchased this , along with the Easy Pull Collection Bin . Best crusher idea ever , bar none . It is heavy-duty , works smoothly , and is basically effortless . We have had those regular metal ones , and they do n't even come close to the quality of this set-up . Just buy it !
 I bought this to replace my old `` The Crusher '' -LRB- also sold here -RRB- , which gave up the ghost after 12 years . I was n't entirely satisfied with The Crusher for several reasons , so decided to try another brand . Before describing the Easy Pull , let me mention the problems with The Crusher . First , it would occasionally spit out a partially crushed can - more so as it got older . Second , I felt the cans could be crushed a bit flatter . Third , although the construction was sturdy , the main pivot was made of sheet metal and it simply wore through over time -LRB- with a better pivot , it would probably last forever -RRB- . Moving on to the Easy Pull . I bought it because several reviewers here recommended it . It installed easily on my wall in the garage with two nice , long bolts . A note on installation . Because you will be applying some force , it needs to be mounted solidly - easiest is to find a wall stud . Second , be sure it is at a convenient height for operation . Third , find a location where it is convenient to place a sack or other receptacle under the unit to collect crushed cans.The design of the Easy Pull is clever . Through a combination of levers , the can tilts forward as it is crushed . When the handle is then lifted up , the can drops out . The unit operates easily and smoothly , and the cans are crushed a little flatter than my old The Crusher . If you have a lot of cans to crush , you can go very fast , up to 15 - 20 cans per minute.I 'm impressed with the design and happy with the Easy Pull . My only concern is durability , as it is made mostly of plastic . It has a 30 day warranty , but will it still work 5 years from now ? I am so impressed with the design that I would be happy to pay 10 or 15 dollars more for a `` heavy duty '' version.Overall , I recommend the Easy Pull because it works so well , but with the understanding that I am not sure how long it will last.July 13 , 2008 UPDATE
 Length :
 I have spent a great deal of time researching can crushers in the hopes of finding one that really works and is worth what you pay for it . Our previous purchase lasted all of about a month and fell apart . The Easy Pull Can Crusher was purchased about six months ago and has not given us a bit of trouble . If it quit working tomorrow , I would definitely purchase another one pronto ! I highly recommend this product . Just make sure you anchor it into the wall solidly . I screwed a small sheet of plywood into the wall studs in our storage room and then anchored the can crusher to the plywood . Works great !
 This is the only can crusher to buy.I 've used every other one and this is the best.Easy to install.Plastic , but solid.Very smooth operation.Taller cans fit , like Coors cans.Cans stay secure until they are crushed and drop intothe optional bin or your own recycling can.Worth every penny .
 This crusher is not ` flimsy ' and has a good feel to it . The included attachable container is kind of silly as it does n't hold very much and would need to be emptied . The best feature of the crusher is that the crushed cans fall out because the crushing jaws articulate downward so that as soon as the jaws open gravity removes the crushed can from the jaws . Put a garbage can on the floor under this crusher and you are set . Another nifty feature is the rotating handle . Makes crushing cans almost fun . I live in a colder climate and some overzealous crushing did break off both of the safety stops that keep the lever from crushing the can smaller than necessary , or fingers I suppose , but the crusher still works just fine . I wish the crusher were made of iron and not just heavy duty poly-nylon-plastic but then it would just cost too much . If you want to have fun easily and rapidly crushing cans , get this machine.That was my original review in January 2007 . Since then a gentlemen from Easy Pull contacted me to say that they had improved the design of the safety stops and wanted to to know if I would like him to send me a replacement Easy Pull can crusher . I graciously accepted and have since mounted the new Easy Pull can crusher to studs in the wall of the recycling area of my pantry . With the newly beefed up safety stops AND the detachable container , which I know think is great , rather than `` silly '' because it actually helps the crushing process take up much less space . The old crusher still works and is in the garage . If you like to crush your aluminum cans , in my opinion , dollar for dollar , the Easy Pull is the best can crusher you can buy . It is a five-star product made in the U.S.A. by a five-star company whose employee 's are willing to make that extra effort to ensure 100 % customer satisfaction !
 I have owned my Easy Pull for more than 2 years , and someone in the family uses it almost every day . It has never had a problem and works very easily . The collection bin is the ticket for me , I have it mounted in my pantry rather than the garage , and an ugly smelly garbage can below the crusher is not what I want to see . The bin holds 2 cases of cans , more than enough for weeks and weeks of use before I empty the bin into a bag in the garage . I highly suggest this product over the others , even though it is more expensive , because it is worth every penny .
 This can crusher is one of the easiest to use . It is made of durable , yet lightweight materials . With the optional attachable collection bin , it is truly a one step process . You do n't need the strength of a gorilla to crush a can . I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a top notch can crusher .
 We ordered this from Amazon , and received it quickly . I mounted the crusher in the laundry room were it is easy to get to . We ordered it for my autistic son to make extra money . I was sceptical about getting it because of the price but it was the one he wanted so I ordered it . It works great ! It is well worth the price plus some . My biggest concern was leftover liquid in the cans spraying everywhere when you crush them . This does n't happen with the design of this product . Crush away , there is no mess . One of the best features is once you put the can in the crusher you do not need to touch it again . My son was able to crush a bag of cans in a couple of minutes . We also have the collection bin which is great . The bin holds alot of crushed can without having to empty it . I have used other crushers but this is by far the best and eayest I have ever used . When this one wears out we will buy another Easy Pull . My son says the reason it works so well is because it 's made in America and American made is the best .
 I really really like this can crusher . The mechanism is very smooth and the cans are ejected into a container that is easily emptied into a recycling bag . Since the container holds a lot of cans I do n't have to do this very often . My only words of caution are that you should make sure to attach this to a firm surface . The first time I put it up , it pulled out of the dry wall after just a few uses .
 With the price of aluminum at an all time high , we figured it was time to sell the stuff instead of just letting the city recycle it . When I was a youngsta I would take a truck bed full of cans to the recycle place and get about 20 bucks for them , now it 's close to 60 ! My first load of cans paid for the crusher , a case of beer , and some gas.We ordered this from Amazon , it arrived quickly . I pulled out the stud finder -LRB- product does not come with dry wall screws -RRB- and after a few stud jokes we mounted the crusher . It works great , my wife 's biggest concern was leftover liquid -LRB- beer -RRB- in the cans spraying everywhere when you crush them . This does n't happen with the design of this product . Smash away , there is no mess.The separate container -LRB- sold separately -RRB- is cool and works great but you do n't need it , you can engineer something to meet your needs . I liked the american flag decal it came with but was disappointed there was n't a Texas one .
 No seriously , it is so much fun . Once my living room and kitchen were over run by cans . I live in a rural area where the nearest recycling center is 16 + miles away so I save everything I can and it stacks up . Each year we can pull in an average of $ 16 back from all the cans we bring in but they stack up over time . In one night I crushed them all and it was so easy.The unit is all you really need . If you want the canister you can get it , but I am using just a plastic canister to catch the crushed cans after they drop.High ratings . This is the must have can crusher for anyone . The lever pull is so easy to use , it honestly requires very little force at all . And the cans crush great . Awesome !!
 After breaking yet another rivet on the best can crusher I could buy at the local store -LRB- the fourth one in five years , which defeats the entire recycling effort -RRB- , I read the reviews on Amazon and bought this one , and I am delighted.It 's easy to use -LRB- no need to dent the cans before crushing and it requires very little force -RRB- , and it deposits the can directly into our recycle bin . I predict that this is the last can crusher I will ever need to buy .
 I found this can crusher to be a very good product . It 's sturdy and well built , plus it works great . I 've tried others which were a piece of junk this one works .
 Yes , siree . It is easy to pull and there is no mess . 12 and 8 oz cans are being smashed into a uniform size .
 UPDATE
 I just purchased the Easy Pull along with the canister attachment and I have to say it is the easiest can crusher I have ever used . My kids can operate it safely and the cans drop into the canister without a problem . It does have to be mounted to a stud or the force will pull it out of the wall . I mounted this to the side of a sturdy built-in shelving unit in my pantry and it works great . Hint
 This product does exactly what it says it will do . It is well built and really is fun to operate . Do n't waste your money on a bin , just buy a trash can to stick underneath . If you use a liner then when it 's full just remove bag and take to recycling center for $ $ $ .
 It 's odd to write that this thing is fun to use but it 's true . There 's a pleasure similar to popping shipping bubbles combined with the feeling that you 've just put a nickel in your pocket . Now , instead of putting off stepping on the cans whenever I finish a drink , it 's off to the crusher.The crusher is rock-solid and easy to install . Just be sure to put it somewhere where you can put a bucket or wastebasket under it to catch the cans .
 I Bought this product a few months ago . I have a dedicated trash can with liner below it . It has mis-fired twice after 2000 cans . It 's the best crusher I know of .
 Everytime someone comes to my house we drink something and then crush a can ! Everyone thinks it is funny that I enjoy this contraption so much . It is sturdy and does what it is supposed to do with no problems .
 I 've been using this unit for a few weeks now and it works quite well . I have it mounted above a large bin , and it automatically drops the cans right in . Initially I was a bit turned off by the plastic construction , but it has n't been a problem at all . It will be interesting to see how it holds up over the long run . All the pivot points have steel pins and they 're capped off on the ends with those press-on keepers rather than a more expensive threaded nut . I think as long as you do n't abuse it , it should work for many years . The only criticism I have is the mounting . It consists of only 2 screws ; one on the top and one on the bottom . I would consider mounting it to a piece of plywood or something , with larger screws , then mount the plywood to your wall with a screw in each corner . When you crush a can , you should n't be stressing the mount all that much anyway , as the end of the handle 's pull tends to push a little inwards anyway . Overall I like this unit and would buy another one if I needed one .
 Sad to say , but after 5 years , my Easy Pull can crusher finally gave up the ghost . However , this was only after a can drive resulting in 100s if not 1000s of cans per week for the last 6 months . I have tried every other type of can crusher on the market , and none lasted like this one . Pivot points on the other brands wear out within 6 months at most . This one just kept on going , and when it finally failed , guess what , I find that because it was one of the earliest models the problem has been corrected in the newer ones . The manufacturer was extremely helpful , and because mine was one of the earlier models -LRB- before upgrades -RRB- they replaced it . I could n't be more satisfied with this product . It restored my faith in American made products .
 I have n't put it up yet . I am actually building a house , and will install this in the garage when I move in . I have designed the house around the can crusher , so my expectations are quite high . Added insulation , Geothermal heating system , maybe solar -LRB- with the new tax credits it has a 5 -LRB- + - -RRB- pay back -RRB- , and of course recycling of aluminum cans ! Ya got ta love it!The can crusher is not good relative to the previous one I had . It only crushes them down to about an inch and a quarter in height . The old one I had got em down to right at 1/2 '' . I supose you can always pull 'em out and then just step on them for ultimate compaction !
 I have so many cans at my house I didnt know what to do with them , so I started just throwing them away . Finally I bought this can crusher and now I have 2 50gal Bags of crushed cans . in only a couple months . I have not yet turned any in to see what money I will get back but hey its gon na be more than i would by throwing them away right . Ok about the crusher itself ... Its hard plastic , and you screw it to the wall super easy even I can do that . We placed out 50 gal . drum under it and they just fall once they are crushed . It wo n't crush tall cans , but I am ok with that I do n't have that many of those anyways . So I say I would def . buy this item again . I received it on time & had no problems with the company . So go and but this one and I think you will happy with your purchase.thanks for reading .
 Love this product ... so glad we spent a little extra to purchase ... we crush a lot of cans and this is a little dynamo ... I was concerned about it being harder plastic , but it 's perfect !!!
 The best there is for under $ 100 . Easy to install . Easy to operate . Quality made . Hardly any mess , just wipe off with damp cloth occasionally .
 I 've had this for about a year and at this point , if it started to fail like some of the other reviews said theirs did , I would replace it with the same exact one . -LRB- unless the same manufacturer had a newer one that would crush monster/redbull cans without `` precrushing '' -RRB-
 This is smashing ! lol it really works well and helps to keep the collection of empties from piling up . Most of the people here just crush them as they go and the crushed can ejects right into the box below . very nice : -RRB-
 I previously had a cheaper can crusher that broke . I did n't realize how much work it was until I got this one . This one works easily and smoothly , flattens more , and drops the can right into the collection can .
 so far so goodhad it for a couple months now and it doeswhat its suppose to.bought this for my 11 yr old and he likes usingit as well .
 I have went through every can crusher on the market . The metal ones bend and once they bend are pretty much trash . Another metal one I had the base would turn a little and drive into the side walls and any fluid dried in the mechanism and further complicated things . I now have two of these . The best part of this is the extra long handle and the pivoting base . When you pull down the base pivots forward and when you pull back the crushed can on the based that is turned and allows the can to fall out without having to pull it out . Put a trash can under it and they fall in . I put mine in a stairwell to the basement and put a hole though the step that has a large plastic pipe through it just under the base . They fall in the pipe and into the basement where a can is waiting out of site . I know other reviewers were afraid of this being plastic . Although I do not use either of these in the cold where plastic could become brittle I think this would hold up good provided you only crush aluminum cans .
 We actually bought this item as a Christmas gift for our neighbors . We had bought one for ourselves after seeing it at our Uncle 's house and thought it would be great to cut down on garbage . We love ours and our neighbors loved the gift . Whether you use it for soda cans or beer cans it is a great product . Sturdy , durable and if you put a garbage can underneath it you never have to touch the can it just pops out into the garbage can . We are very pleased with this product .
 My kids love this unit . Wish I had gotten it 10 years ago ! Easy to install . Kids do n't leave cans all over the place thanks to this unit .
 Fast Service and item works very well . If I could change one thing it would be that it would except the taller energy drink cans , but other than that it works better than I expected . : -RRB-
 Every one loves it ! They fight to use it and was easy to install and so far so good ! Will let you know how it holds up ! as per previous review the first one did not hold up we will see how this one does ! So far so good ! Right now it drops them right into the can below and everyone loves that it is a great product so far !
 The can crusher was easy to mount and works well . I was a bit disappointed that the place to crush the can was made of plastic not metal but besides that this little guy works like a charm .
 At 20 inches long and 6 wide it 's rather unsightly in my kitchen . The can crusher works like a charm though , does n't quite squish the cans as flat as the old stomp method but it does reduce them at least by half . It wo n't take anything larger than a standard 12 oz can.A wall stud is a must for installation as it really does pull to smash the can . I 'm sure if the unit were smaller it would need a lot more force to use so I wo n't gripe about the size of it as it is easy to use.I think I 'll be painting it white so it 'll blend into my kitchen wall a little better instead of this huge black thing on my wall w / it 's additonal very large black -LRB- I opted not to use the American flag decal -RRB- collection bin that really is a must have addition.It 's going to be a welcome addition to our household and will sure cut my trips to the recyling center down .
 This is awesome . 100 % better construction than my last can crusher I purchased . Easy to mount to wall . : -RRB-
 Best one I 've had in years ! The auto dispensing was not a selling point for me , the construction was . But once it was up and I was using it - Nice .
 I was skeptical of all the glowing reviews , but after a few months of use ... it is all that ! Easy to mount ... but make sure it 's on something solid ! Now my wife has no excuse for not crushing cans .
 This is a good can crusher . It works fine . It works on the Coors Lt. cans that are taller than normal . Easy to install . I have n't had it long . I researched many before making a selection . Free shipping made it affordable .
 Crushed 500 cans as soon as Easy Pull was screwed into stud . Did them at about a can per 5 second rate . All kudos in all the reviews were confirmed . ***** Instructions say pull swiftly , but a relaxed , somewhat quick pull seemed to get the same results . A nicely , evenly -LRB- roundish -RRB- crushed can . Only once did a can not eject and when I gave it a very slight touch , it fell into the box I had put under it . ***** I 'm using a nice , tall , skinny cardboard box under it -LRB- the mfg. box my Greenworks 20V , 7AH , li-ion weed whacker came in-from Amazon -RRB- and the box holds about 5 lbs . of cans -LRB- approx . 150 cans -RRB- . ***** I 'm right-handed , but I pulled with my left hand and fed cans with my right . Seemed to be more comfortable and smoother/quicker . Once I catch up with the uncrushed cans I have in bags -LRB- about 500 more -RRB- I wo n't have to be a robotic feedmaster and can leisurely crush to my content . ***** I do n't like the slight twisting the device has when pulling down -LRB- I 'm careful to be smooth/consistent-and it is not twisting because of stud movement -LSB- I can see the stud -RSB- -RRB- so I will add some bracing to it . I will use the holes on each bottom side to attach bracing -LRB- holes must be for optional catcher -RRB- . ***** The lightness of device gives me an impression of weakness and undurability , but hey , maybe it will last like it was made from titanium or block/plate aluminum . ****** By the way , I was using a softball bat and PVC pipe for can crushing . It worked great , but was hard on my old bones and made me not want to keep up with crushing -LRB- 1000 cans behind ! - soda cans . No beer here . Coke Zero -RRB- . ****** The Easy Pull makes it Oh So Easy to stay ahead of the game . ***** As far as no mess . Do n't know . Cans were rinsed/dry and put right side up into device -LRB- the correct way-sits in there like there is an aluminum magnet -RRB- . Cool . Ai n't it !
 I have been using this can crusher for about 3 months now . Being plastic made me a bit leary on its quality , but it is holding up very well . I do n't use the optional can catching device . But I make sure that all the cans have been rinsed clean and dried since cockroaches and other nasties like the dried soda surup and I do n't want to entice them into my house . I wish it would crush cans thinner as I could do with my old metal unit . I thought this would be a problem with the tilting action of the unit , but when I crush the cans , I catch each one in my hand and set it aside . Since they have been pre-cleaned and dried , my hands stay clean . Next I take 3 cans and put them back into the crusher stacked one on top of another and crush again . Then I let them fall into the container I keep under the unit . This process crushes them much thinner and allows you to put more cans in a bag , so less bag storage space , fewer bags but also heaver so more money per bag from the recyling center . I have tried with 4 or 5 pre-crushed cans trying to smash them thinner but this puts more strain on the crusher and 3 pre-crushed cans seem about the same height as a one uncrushed can and does n't strain the crusher any more than normal crushing . So as far as I am concerned this is a very good unit and is manufactured quite well . As long as it is mounted into a stud at a comfortable height it does the crushing very effectively . I am well pleased with the unit and recommend it highly .
 This item does exactly what it says it will do , is fun to use and works great . the cans sit in the crush chamber and you can pull down on the handle to mash the can . Once you release the handle and raise it back up , the crushed can falls out the bottom . I put a plastic pail under the crusher and the cans fall right in there every time .
 I have used this crusher at home for years so when we needed one at work I knew just what get . It crushes the cans with minimal effort and they just drop out . You do n't have to reach in , do n't cut your fingers on sharp edges and do n't walk away with sticky fingers . Excellent design , well made product
 Other than one of the two screws needed to install this product was missing , I have no issues . The problem was in packaging , as a small crinkled piece of tape was used to stick the loose screws to the back of the plastic crusher . Then the shipping box had cracks in it , so the screw apparently came loose and fell out during shipping . Missing hardware seems to be the norm these days no matter where you purchase products . So far the crusher works great . Time will tell as it is made of plastic , but seems to be sturdy .
 This is the most amazing can crusher I have ever used ! It is heavy duty and thoughtfully engineered . It works fantastic with little effort . I got the container also . I believe the slid in container holds about 40 crushed cans . I highly recommend you look no futher !
 this truly is the best can crusher ever ... after being crushed they fall in the waiting bucket beloweasy to install on the wall ... and should be one that does n't wear out like the cheaper one i bought a few years ago
 3 cans . It crushed three cans , then on the fourth can it snapped off of the wall into pieces with the screws still in the wall . I installed and used it according to the instructions . I questioned the durability of a plastic crusher , and I got my answer .6 / 9/12 UPDATE
 In a nutshell , this is the BEST CAN CRUSHER ON THE MARKET !! PROS :1 -RRB- Cost efficient .2 -RRB- Comes with a manufacturer warranty . I have read that if you have ANY problems with this crusher , that the manufacturer responds quickly and will replace the unit without question .3 -RRB- EXTREMELY EASY TO USE !!! 4 -RRB- Mounts in under 20 minutes , with easy to follow directions .5 -RRB- Is the ONLY crusher I have found that has an optional COLLECTION BIN that you can attach directly to the crusher -LRB- look up Easy Pull Collection Bin -RRB- .6 -RRB- VERY STURDY .7 -RRB- My children LOVE using it , and it has been a great way to teach them about recycling .8 -RRB- Crushes cans almost completely flat .9 -RRB- Has safety features that prevent my kids from hurting themselves during use .10 -RRB- With the collection bin attached , the crushed cans fall DIRECTLY into it , so there is NO STICKY MESS .11 -RRB- SMOOTH pull down lever ; if you feel any tightness when pulling the lever down , use a little WD 40 , and the piston system is flawless .12 -RRB- The crusher is AESTHETICALLY PLEASING . We have received many comments on what a ` neat looking system ' we have for crushing cans.CONS : Only one - this can crusher will ONLY crush 12 ounce cans , so if you buy 16 or 24 ounce cans , this crusher may not be for you .
 I 'M AN AVID RECYCLER AND THIS MAKES IT A WHOLE LOT EASIER TO ACCOMPLISH THE TASK , SAVES SPACE AND TIME .
 i was a little worried about this crusher being cheap since it is made of plastic , but it is very thick and heavy duty and works great . we have no problems with it at all and the way it turns down and drops out the crushed can makes for a quick routine when you have a lot to crush .
 I was looking for a can crusher that did not have to be wall mounted as my pantry does n't have a lot of empty wall space but the counter top crushers I read about did n't get good reviews . I ordered this one thinking I might mount it in the laundry room.I found this crusher works well if you hold it on the floor and crushing the cans . I can stand it in the corner of my pantry then pull it out lay it on the floor , use it to crush the can then stand it back up in the corner of the pantry . If you do n't mind bend over you can place this on the floor and very effectively crush cans on the floor.Does a great job , glad a took a chance !
 It does what a can smasher is supposed to do . The only draw back is that it tilts as it crushes , so you better have a container under it .
 Best can crusher ever ! I 've gone through 2 cheaper ones and decided to give this one a try based on what others were saying about it . And I have to say , I have not been disappointed . It is very well made and crushes perfectly everytime . Would highly recommend .
 Very great product ! It is easy to mount on wall , easy to use , and automatically drops the crushed can down into a bin or can . Very pleased that I bought two more for out in the shop and garage at my new house .
 Works exactly as advertized . Crushes cans * surprisingly * easily , allows very easy can collection if you wall-mount the device and place a bucket underneath . Actually makes the whole process fun ... 5 stars .
 The length of the arm on this crusher gives you a LOT of leverage , making it very easy to crush cans . Auto ejection makes it really easy to develop a rhythm and crush cans very quickly.I put a plastic tub on the floor below and cans drop out automatically . A few -LRB- like 3 or 4 out of 100 -RRB- cans will hang , but a quick tap and they 'll come free.Construction feels very solid . Definitely recommended .
 I have had this crusher for 6 mo 's . It has been one of the best purchases i 've made . I think the key is anchoring the device to a stud in you wall which make it very stable . I have tried , reading recent reviews , to make a can shoot out of the hopper . By using poor placement or half bent cans but it is very hard to do . Our family has gone from haveing 8 bags of uncrushed cans in my building to 2 bags of crushed . I highly recommend this product . We have a little flip top kitchen garbage can underneath the crusher . . you press the foot down open the lid and the cans one after another fall in the recepticle
 Dear Amazon
 - Very well built-Easily and effortlessly crushes cans-Installation is a breeze -LRB- make sure you hit a stud or something solid -RRB- - Drops crushed cans straight down-Great product !
 I have been pleasantly surprised with this product . Though plastic , it is highly durable . The design is excellent - place the can in the opening , pull down the handle , and the crushed can falls out -LRB- due to the intended angle -RRB- - making it perfect for placing a recycling bin underneath to store crushed cans . The arm is strong , and makes crushing cans easy . We crush a LOT of cans in our house . We tend to stack them up , then run a couple dozen through the crusher about twice a week . This product makes fast work of crushing , and the storage difference between crushed and uncrushed cans is unbelievable . We use this product in our home , but it would also work well in an employee break room or similar .
 This can crusher works great . It is fast and easy to operate . I crushed about a dozen 13gal kitchen trash bags of cans and it worked great . The unit worked flawlessly for about 3/4th 's of the cans then starting binding up . It still works ok , but it started out very smooth and now it binds resulting in a slight jerking when crushing cans . The jerking is more irratating then anything but overall I am very satisfied . Hopefully it will hold up long term.Update
 This is a fantastic gadget , extremely easy to install and use . All the family have fun using this crusher . Definite must to order the collection bin with it.Keeps everything clean and storable .
 This item came on time and packed tightly with everything needed to install it . It installed easily and works like a champ . I would recommend this product . It is not flimsy at all .
 I 've owned cheap metal can crushers before and they definitely do n't compare to this one . I 've had it about 2 weeks now and it 's done great . The only thing I wish is that it crushed the cans a little smaller . It 's much easier than crushing them with my shoe but it does n't crush them as small . Overall , it 's a great product and deserves a 5 !
 This unit seems well made and will probably hold up just fine for the moderate use it will see at our house . We mounted it on a stud in the garage wall above our recycle bin , it crushes cans with ease and then drops them right into the bin . This saves a lot of space in the bin , and it 's much less work than stomping the cans flat . I 've already recommended this unit to my siblings , I think you 'll like it too .
 For the last eight years I have been giving my local city government my aluminum cans by putting them out in my recycle container . I finally decided to quit being so lazy so I went about researching for the best can crusher and that 's when I learned about the Easy Pull Can Crusher . I read all the reviews here on Amazon.com and it 's true it 's a great product.I went ahead and installed it outside on the side of my garage under an awning so it wont be rained on but it will be exposed to sunlight . I was unsure if this was okay so I called the company and they stated it would be okay as long as I put a little Vaseline on the two stainless steel guides once a year or so.Since installing this I have made crushing the cans a part of how my children earn their weekly allowance and they are excited to do it ! My son who is seven has no problem fully crushing the cans . I mounted the can crusher at the 49 '' mark as recommended on the back of the can crusher and it worked perfectly for him and me both.One thing I would definitely buy with the Easy Pull Can Crusher is the collection bin . It holds 48 crushed cans and when it gets full I just dump it out in a plastic shopping bag like you get from the grocery store . Those bags hold about a 100 crushed cans and I have lots of them around the house.Well that 's all for now . If you have n't bought one yet please do it . It 's a truly awesome product and you wont regret it.Well it 's been 4 + years and this crusher still works perfectly . We have moved to a new house now but I brought it with us . I mounted outside on the side of the house next to the side garage door . Still get a kick out of using it . It 's effortless.Jason
 If you recycle drink cans you need this product . It is the easiest one I have ever used . Very smooth and once can is crushed it drops the can into your recycling recepticle . This makes what can be a tedious job very easy . This product is one of the best products to help your house Go Green !!
 So far it has worked beautifully . Very smooth to use and easy to install . The only bad thing is it wo n't take a 16oz can so I had to cut back on my drinking . My wife thinks that 's another good thing about the can crusher .
 This is a very well made product . I have mine hanging in an outdoor area , & so far the elements have taken no toll on it . It is made well , & it is so easy to crush cans that I can even get my wife to help out ! It costs a little more than the others , but the bottom line is that you usually get what you pay for . I looked around for awhile before choosing this item & I 'm glad I did.Tom K.
 Great product ! We bought this can crusher because we were running out of space in our recycle bin . Its easy enough for the kids to do without my hlep . Crushing cans is now a fun chore for my kids to do . We recently had a party and all the kids were waiting for empty cans to crush . We love it .
 I am so happy I purchased this crusher . I have used the Basic Industries # 77702 for quite some time . It was a fine crusher , but it was n't great . As the bottom wore smooth , the cans tended to shoot out , which I did n't think was fun . This one really is `` Easy Pull . '' I was amazed at how much less force it required to crush the can . It is also well constructed . I was leary of the nylon , but using it once , I became a convert . The operation is incredibly smooth and stable - no wiggling . The tipping and dropping action of the crushed can into a container is also a great feature .
 Works great !!! Crushes cans very easy ! Make sure to mount it on a sturdy wall . Moves easy and crushes every time !
 I love this ! Very tough for plastic and it crushes cans easily , no manly muscles needed like with others ! I did n't order the compartment you drop the cans into , an easier way -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- is to just hang a trash bag on it . Now if only this could crush veggie cans ...
 I 've owned the crusher for about 3 months . It appears to be made of high quality plastic and should last a long time . I mounted it so my 6 and 7 year old kids can crush the cans which they enjoy doing and it 's no problem for them with this tool . The handle locks into place in the open position so the crusher does n't hang down as with others that I 've owned . All in all a great product .
 Kids love it , they now recycle with not having to tell them to . Works great ! Put tall trash can under it with trash bag in it . Now when full I just take the bag to the recycling .
 This is perfect for standard size cans . It tips the crushed can neatly into the container below . I only wish it adjust for taller cans .
 The only trouble we had with this was the top of the crushing handle cracked . I went to the hardware store and bought a long bolt with large washers to put through the handle . Now it still works fine and I expect it will last a very long time . We 've perhaps crushed about 1,500 cans with it in a year.UPDATE 12/21/2012Here is something that pleased me . The manufacturer of the Easy Pull saw my note above , contacted me , and after a few exchanges sent me a new handle component . That is good customer service . I am a sucker for this kind of service . I am likely to check Easy PUll again if I need another can crusher.Today I removed the bolt and snapped in the replacement part . Works fine!We and the crusher in the garage just outside the door to the house . We have a kitchen type trash bin right under the can crusher . Cans fall into it without fail . Works great.I 'll give it a few months and if the handle holds up I 'll bump my review up to five stars .
 This thing rocks . My kid went from being able to crush 22 cans per minute with our old mechanism to 46 cans per minute with this one .
 I have been using this for about 4 months now , smashing around 20 + cans a week . High quality plastic construction that seems to be rather durable . Much better than the cheap metal one I previously had . So far , I am pleased with the functionality and over all use and quality of this can crusher . I do not have the no mess can catcher - have it positioned over a garbage can so after the can is smashed it just falls into the can . Recommended item for sure .
 The only possible improvement would have been a chute at the top rather than having to load a can at a time ; a small quibble and not worth docking a star since I knew that fact beforehand .
 Very easy to use and very well built . Best crusher I have had yet and would definitely recommend over &#34; The Crusher &#34; .
 Have had this for about a year now and am very satisfied . Put in the can , pull the handle , the can is crushed , and as you pull the handle back up , the can drops into whatever container you put below it . Very fast , very easy , and it also seems very durable . I examined it recently and see no signs of wear and tear . I expect to get many years of service from this crusher .
 The unit is rather tall , but the long handle provides lots of leverage and makes the job almost effortless . Sturdily built . Should last a long time .
 I have installed this crusher on my garage wall , and am very pleased to date , both with the transaction and how well this does its job . Easy and fast .
 The installation was very easy to perform . A few screws into a wall stud does the trick . Operating the can crusher is quite easy . Insert can , pull the lever and the can is crushed to less than half its original size . Releasing the lever causes the can to drop out of the crusher for the next can . It 's heavy duty design and construction should provide years of reliable service .
 I did some of my own research before buying this can crusher . After using it I am very happy with its ease of use and durability . I have n't had it that long yet but so far so good . Plus you do n't get your hands dirty once you put the can in the crusher . Tnat 's got to be a good thing .
 Works very well . crushes easily and spits the can into the bucket . easy and quick to use and effective . Recommend others to buy .
 I purchased this for my grandson who is saving cans for a truck -LRB- he 's 6 and only needs 22,000 more lbs -RRB- . He loves it . : -RRB-
 My Humane Society raises money recycling cans so I save them to donate . It seemed that every time I turned around I had mountains of cans to get to them . This crusher works like magic and is addictive to use . Four times as many cans fit into my recycling bin as previously did . The crusher is designed to mount to a wall with long wood screws , but I had no wall available in my garage due to having wall to wall metal shelving . I utilized two of the slots in the metal shelf uprights and changed to long bolts and nuts for mounting . It worked like a charm . One of the best features is that the crushed can jumps out of the crusher right into the bin placed on the floor below it . I do n't think there could be a better functioning or easier unit made . Even my husband who never moved a can from the house to the bin previously is hooked on crushing !!
 My kids are 8 and 9 and can easily work the can crusher . Great buy !
 This is the second one I 've bought and I love this crusher . Easy to install and it crushes with ease . I left one at the old house when I recently moved so someone else could enjoy it . That and I had already long ago packed my tools so I could not remove it :-RRB- . I would recommend this to anyone who plans on crushing a lot of cans . It 's durable and well made .
 I just installed the Easy Pull Can Crusher and crushed several dozen cans . My initial impressions are very favorable.Excellent mechanical design , makes good use of a complex lever design to reduce the amount of force required to crush a can . Our previous crusher had good leverage , but accomplished it with an abnormally long handle which required much more arm motion and was therefore still very tiring.The unit drops the can a few inches from the wall , making it perfect for use wtih a large can bin sitting on the floor -LRB- we use a 30 gal gargage can -RRB- . Made of heavy molded plastic ... feels solid , so I 'm hopeful that it will hold up for the long run.Cheers to all ... -LSB- Update
 It really is an easy pull . The perfect sturdy no-fail crusher . Over the years , I 've had several others that did not work as well as this one . I highly recommend it .
 I collect aluminum cans for my sons ' Boy Scout Troop . This crusher is terrific ! It takes hardly any elbow grease to use and makes it possible to get a lot of cans in the trash bag .
 This is fun , easy to use and does a terrific job of making cans small . Now my family likes to recycle !
 I have been using Easy Pull for about 2 years now and it has proven to be a great `` creature comfort '' appliance for my home . As Grandparents my wife and I are constantly entertaining grandchildren for weekend and week long visits and the kids drink their share of soda along with my occasional beer . The Easy pull makes it easy for the kids and all others to dispose easily of the accumulation of the `` dead cans '' that would otherwise pile up , quickly filling the largest of trash bags . The collection bin -LRB- optional -RRB- is well worth the few extra dollars . No more hand picking cans with sharp edges that used to accumulate in the old metal crushers that would n't eject properly . The collection bin can be easily used or just put a larger plastic bin on the floor with a trash bag liner -LRB- I prefer the optional collection bin , it is easy to use . -RRB- Follow the included instructions for mounting and maintenance and expect it to last forever . Some reviewers have suggested it is made of plastic . Not so . It is manufactured from a heavy duty reinforced Nylon that can handle a lot of abuse . No more ugly rusty metal rusted crushers that are impossible to clean . It also makes a great gift . I have purchased and given the Easy Pull to other family members and the love it.D . AshRetired U.S. ArmyCurrent Quartermaster , VFW
 I have used other can crushers in the past but found that the Easy Pull was a new product in the marketplace . It is easier to use than other crushers as it crushes the can without as much effort.We have younger children who visit our home , and they love to crush the cans . With the Easy Pull , they can not get their fingers caught and it automatically dispenses the can so it is really safe for them to use.It is a great tool for recycling and because the Easy Pull crushes the cans to a fraction of their original size , it really saves the space in the bin . The collection bin co-ordinates well with the crusher and is space saving.I highly recommend this product to anyone who has the need for crushing cans . I find this product to be an excellent value .
 We were so happy with our first Easy Pull Can Crusher , that we not only ordered them for all our beer drinking buddies in the neighborhood , but we bought a bunch and donated them to the Parks and Rec Centers in our town for them to put up in the local parks , to help keep the parks clean and help the parks and rec maintainence crews keep the cans in one quick and easy dispenser!GREAT PRODUCT , EASY to USE -LRB- our 8 year old loves it ! -RRB- , and GREAT for helping Recycle all of our cans !
 I have used can crushers for years and never really thought you COULD build a better moustrap - but oh , yeah , here it is . I LOVE THIS THING ! It is so easy to use , it takes no effort at all . My elderly in-laws use it with ease . The kids think it is so cool , I never have to harp on them to do the recyclables , they just see the cans and go crush them . The good looks do n't hurt , either - I got the catch bin with the American Flag decal and it looks pretty darn good hanging there ! The dumb giant metal clunker that never worked quite right went to the recycler , and up went my EasyPull . I 'll never find a better can crusher than the EasyPull can crusher !
 Have n't mounted it yet , but it seems to work ok by hand.I would like to see the cans crushed tighter.It also works better if you `` dent '' the sides of the can first to get it started . Smooth operation and it releases the can into a container below.Need a firm and substantial mounting surface . Definitely needs to go into a stud or wood blocking .
 I looked at several can crushers before deciding on this one to try . First , I was so surprised of the sturdiness of this product . I was worried about the pulling/crushing motion that it would break or snap apart ... I do n't think it will be falling apart anytime soon !! We mounted -LRB- very easy to do this too ! -RRB- this directly over our recycle can and just crush them and let them fall into the recycle can . -LRB- There is an add on container/holder which some may want to get if you 're going to crush a bunch & then take them to your main recycle bin . -RRB- Second , we 've used them on standard size aluminum cans , as well as some that are smaller , and the larger -LRB- taller & thinner -RRB- cans -- and we 've not had any problems with any sizes . I noticed some reviews of the products said they only do standard sizes ; this one seems to work on the variations just as well!Overall -- great product which I 'm sure we 'll use a long time . Very quick delivery too !
 This is one of the best can crusher 's that I have ever used . We have this in the kitchen and crush cans as soon as we get done with them .
 I bought this to help cut down on trips to the recycling center and have fallen in love with it . Easy to mount , easy to use , and I feel like I have gotten my money 's worth out of it already . Great product and highly suggest you buy it .
 Great can crusher . Very easy to do , as the add says even a kid could do it . You do not have to dent the sides in or anything . I have my recycling box right under it and it just dumps them right into the box . For those who do n't know drill this into a stud in the wall . Does not fit tall boys but by the picture I already knew that . Very happy would definitely recommend .
 bought this a few months back on june 16th 2012 , and it has worked flawless for over 20 cases of beer cans.I bolted the can crusher to a piece of plywood and then attached the plywood to a 2x4 stud in the garage.As i crushed a few cans , i noticed that if you try to over crush a can , it wants to flex the plastic backing and it wants to flex away from the plywood , i can see it breaking over time , so i drilled 2 holes through the plastic backing/base if you will , and put in re-enforcing bolts with washers , so now it works perfect , and will last a long time . ** update 11/14/12 ** Still working great , over 3 huge contractors garbage bags full of crushed cans
 I have a handicap son that collects about 200 cans a week , crushes them and sells the aluminum . This product has made it so simple for him . He just puts a container under the crusher pulls the handle and when he lifts the handle up the can falls in the container every time . So simple and very easy for him to pull down .
 Just crushed two garbage cans full of uncrushed cans , it was fun and I wish I had more cans . And I quote steve martin from `` the jerk '' `` Get away from the cans , he 's after the cans ! More cans ! ''
 I bought this because the crushers I saw in stores looked really junky.I was concerned because it 's almost completely plastic , but the reviews I read were very positive.I 'd have to agree . It mounts and works great . I bought the bin too , which catches cans good and holds more than I expected .
 I have had this crusher for 4 or 5 years and it is great . Just recently I broke the handle . Probably pulled too hard . I contacted that customer support email address and was replied to within a few hours . I asked where I could purchase another handle . Cheryl responded back that she would gladly send another handle to me for free . Talk about great customer service and a great product.Max
 great product if you only use 12 oz cans ; had a party , bought 16oz cans and had to smash them all by hand , they wo n't fit unless you bend them a bit at the top by yourself and then you have to hold them in place and try to smash , not very productive . otherwise , great
 Works with ease . Made to last ! Works GREAT ! Plus , it is made in the USA . I recommend to anybody who is looking for a can crusher .
 When I started looking for a can crusher I thought `` Metal is a must . '' However Janet Mohler 's review got me to buy this product . I have to say that this product is heavy duty . The plastic is the same type of fiber reinforced plastic used in cars . The build quality of the product is great . There is nothing loose , and nothing to break . The handle is large and makes crushing the cans super easy . I never have to apply extra force or pre-dent the can . I also ordered the collection bin and the crusher is designed to release the can directly into the bin in one motion . It is a very well designed product .
 We bought this to crush cans for resale . We got tired of recycling these and not getting anything in return other than keeping them out of the trash . We decided we would try this one and it has really been good so far . We have had no problems with it at all . It crushes the cans just like it states .
 Its a can crusher . Yep it crushes the heck outa those cans . Just fantastic . I am buying another one for the house .
 I have had this product now for almost three months . Actually , I got it for my 8 year old granddaughter whose `` chore '' it is to take out and crush the `` cans . '' I mounted it for my convenience so she must reach higher to get at the handle which means she puts extra strain on the handle when she pulls on it . The Easy Pull EP1026 Auto Dispensing Can Crusher has stood up extremely well under my use and hers as well . She loves the Easy Pull Collection Bin as she must carry crushed cans to the garbage can about 50 feet from where the crusher is mounted in the garage so she is carrying fewer trips . I would recommend this crusher to anyone looking for this type tool .
 I 've had one of these crushers for several months . It does a great job with little effort . If there is something on the other side of the wall from where you hang it , it 's a little noisy in that room.The collection bin that goes with this item is a great added convenience.Overall , I 'm quite happy with the combination of the crusher and collection bin . It makes a previously annoying and/or painful job into a convenient one.This purchase was my second of this pairing . I bought it for a friend . So , I not only recommended it to a friend , I bought him one .
 we bought the crusher for the lake and put it on the covered deck . Easy to install and so easy to crush ! Have only used one month , so far works great !
 It works Great . Crushed about 80 cans so far . Seems Pretty heavy duty , and does not flex like something thin and cheap . paid 30 bucks for it but if it lasts for years then its worth it .
 WORKS WONDERFULLY . We save cans for our Veteran 's group and it cuts down on the space they take up until the day of collection.We also purchased the dispenser bin which works great .
 so far my can crusher is great ! we are big beer drinkers especially with football season here and it 's holding out great . my only complaint it that the handle is kinda weak but my husband swears i just do n't know how to use it ... good product .
 Works well . I would give this product 2 thumbs up . Drops cans automatically into my trash can after each crush . Fast work . Have used for aluminum cans only .
 I 've had this can crusher almost a year now , and we use it alot . It has held up quite well . It is durable and very easy to use . It crushes the cans pretty small . We have it mounted in our garage and have a great big garbage can underneath it . Just put the can in , push the handle down , and in goes straight down into the can .
 Great product . We have it mounted in our garage right outside the kitchen door . The kids actually have fun using it . I can fit 100 pounds of crushed cans in my vehicle compared to 35 pounds of uncrushed cans so i can make fewer trips to the recycle site . We have crushed about 200 pounds of cans and it still works like new .
 The Easy Pull Auto Dispensing No Mess Can Crusher does exactly what it promises . It crushes can 's and drops them right below the crusher quickly and easily . I have a few gripes that keep this crusher from getting 5 stars . You need to pull it down fast , if you do it slowly the can falls out before the crusher can do anything . You ca n't crush 16oz cans in it , so all those energy drink cans are a no go . Other than that I would recommend it .
 This product is fabulous . So easy to use . This is my second one as the first one finally wore out with the handle breaking . We do a lot of recycling and I would hate to count how many thousands of cans it did . A very good product .
 I am astonished at how well this can smasher works , zero complaints at all . I would buy another one if one wasnt enough for me . The rotating mechanism as the cans get crushed seems to work much better than the can crushers that I have used that just crush straight down . It does n't squeak , creak , or make any noise other than the sound of an aluminum can getting smashed.The plastic feels very very solid and sturdy , I have no worries that it may break at all.Where I mounted mine on my closet wall I was not able to use the included screws to screw it into a stud . Instead I had to buy two E-Z Anchor Toggle Bolt Hollow Wall Anchors , they are rated at 100lb each , and used little washers with the wall anchor screws to keep the can crusher held snug against the wall . The thing is rock solid , and I have no worries that it will tear loose from the sheetrock wall .
 After a lot of research -LRB- and reading user reviews -RRB- , I settled on this crusher . It is everything it claims to be , and more . Mounts easily , operates flawlessly , and crushes the cans with little effort . After about a month , one of the pins that the crusher arm pivots on sheared . I contacted their customer service to see about getting a replacement pin , and they immediately offered to replace the entire unit , as they `` totally stand by '' their product . This kind of support is rare these days ! I told them that all I really needed was the pin , but they insisted on sending me a new unit , PLUS replacement pins for the old one . If you 're looking for a good can crusher , and outstanding customer service , BUY THIS ONE !!!!
 I ca n't believe I have been crushing and recycling cans for 30 years and have been wasting my time with other crushers . I just installed the Easy Pull crusher and got to work crushing the cans that have backed up since my old crusher died and all I can say is Wow ! Easy Pull is hands down the best can crusher I have ever used , none of the others even come close ! I know this unit costs three times what my old one did but it is worth every penny . One more nice thing about it
 I bought an Easy Pull can crusher a while back and at first it worked like a champ then it started to bind and skewed a little off center . I believe the rods are not quite strong enough to retain true alignment . It was a nice light device and I mounted on the back of a gate for stability but it failed in time .
 The easy pull auto dispensing no mess can crusher was a great buy . I purchased it as a gift but have had many chances to use it . I would suggest also purchasing the `` can catcher '' made especially for this crusher . The gift recipient bought the catcher and really loves the convenience of not having to worry about the crushed can missing a trash can and falling on the floor .
 It is great , I have it outside and it works now as well as it did the first day I got it .
 Bought this as a gift for my 55-year-old mother-in-law -LRB- per her request -RRB- and she loves it . Apparently it works better than her previous model . I 'd say it 's a thumbs up .
 I 'm surprised at how well this crusher works . It 's simple , easy and appears to be pretty darn durable . We have used it for about 2 months , which means it has crushed 100 's of cans . Our old all metal crusher does n't compare . I highly recommend !
 Well , it works . I mounted ours -LRB- to a stud -RRB- right outside the garage door and the kids love to use it . I especially appreciate the way the cans auto `` eject '' -LRB- fall -RRB- into the waiting trash can below . We crushed about 50 cans very quickly as a team - one person loading the can and one crushing.I highly recommend that you mount this device to a stud or a backboard . It comes with mounting screws and wall anchors but I do not recommend wall anchors . It is VERY easy to crush the cans with little force due to the leverage mechanism and moderate sized handle . However , the device translates the required force to the wall of course and unless you mount this to a stud or backboard , the top screw is likely to comeout or cause wall damage.Installation is simple , two screws .
 I purchased this can crusher to replace another brand that lasted 1 week . This can crusher works exactly as advertised . I got it with the collection bin and together they work awsome . Slip the can in , pull the handle , and the crushed can falls into the attached bin . No mess at all . When the bin is full , just empty and replace . This is really one great piece of hardware . The build quality is top notch . I am very very happy with my purchase , and would recommend this to anyone .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000I2PONS Easy Pull Can Crusher -RSB- I purchased this for my 8-year old grandson so he could earn money and learn to save money and I needed something he was strong enough to use . We had one years ago and it was hard to pull the lever to crush the can , but this one is as it is called `` easy pull '' and my grandson can easily crush cans with it !!!
 This can crusher is great . We attached it to the wall in the garage and placed the trash can underneath . We do n't use it too often but it 's great at its job . I recommend this item .
 I was sick and tired of stomping Mountain Dew cans and having them fly all over the place , so I spent my husbands hard earned cash on this can crusher . It does the job ! I stick my can in , take the handle , push it down with hardly any strength and watch my can fall into my garbage can underneath . A great product that is worth every penny !
 Can crusher is high quality . Works great for family of six . Drops cans right into trash bin .
 This is our third can crusher in 20 years and hopefully our last . The other two were obviously sub-standard , as they wore out after a few thousand cans.This one shows all the potential to last ! In addition , the way that it automatically drops the crushed can into a receptacle after crushing sets it apart from lesser devices . The handle is a longer than the typical device increasing leverage and reducing the amount of effort needed to completely crush a can . What more can be said ? This is the Rolls Royce of can crushers .
 I gave this item 4 stars because I have not used it - it 's a gift . However , I would not hesitate to purchase one for myself - it is very solid and sturdy .
 This item goes with the &#34; Easy Pull Collection Bin &#34; . This can crusher is a very well designed product . I have zero complaints about this item . I wish all products were as well designed as this product . After using this can crusher and the collection bin for about one year with no problems I purchased a second Easy Pull Can Crusher and Easy Pull Collection Bin for a family member as a gift .
 Superb , crusher ... read reviews and it matches them to a tee ! Great buy highly suggested . Excellent design and simple to install ... PERFECT
 Bought it , installed it with the included screws over our regular open kitchen trash can , and am completely happy . It works smoothly and drops the crushed cans below into the trash just like I hoped it would .
 We should of bought this a long time ago . Well worth the money . My husband was amazed how sturdy and the can pops out on its own into the recycle bin ...
 So far it seems very well made . Much sturdier than some of the other ones I was looking at to buy . AND ... When you pull the handle and crush the can , the mechanism tilts forward and when you release the downward pressure , the can falls into the tub I have just below . . No fuss ... no muss . However , I think only 12oz cans will fit -LRB- Not sure of that though -RRB- . But pressure needed to crush can is minimal and so far the can does n't slip out while crushing -LRB- It did on my former can crusher -RRB- . The only negative I can find so far , and it is not really a negative , is the handle is long as you can see in the picture . It makes the can crushing easier , but where I had to mount it the handle stuck up higher than I would have liked . -LRB- I have limited space -RRB- This is a nice can crusher and I would recommend it .
 We got this as a gift from our son for Christmas . It 's been a big help in our recycling efforts . Tricky when the crushed can its spit out , but making progress in my catching .
 This works as advertised . No slipping cans or cans that fly across the room ! You do have to hold smaller cans until the crush but regular size cans work wonderfully !!! Well worth the purchase .
 I have had this for over a year now and it still works like a charm ! Quite durable ! Has the clearance to crush a small Red Bull can , but ca n't crush tallboys .
 Built in USA out of what seems to be a sturdy plastic . The crusher should last a good while if looks tell anything about it . I would buy another in a heartbeat based on initial impressions and ease of use
 What an excellent design . It is well built and performs beautifully . I highly recommend this can crusher . It beats anything out there and I 've experienced most of them .
 I bought this in December of 2011 after reading all the great reviews it got here . I have been using it for about 7 months and had been greatly satisfied with it . I like it 's clever design , the jaws tilt forward/down as it crushes the can , and as soon as pressure is released on the handle the cans drop straight down . Ideal for placing above a catch bin or trash can . This has the potential to be a great product , if only it were made of something more substantial than plastic . The handle is held in the arms by plastic tabs , but those tabs have snapped off on one side . It 's not like i was hanging on , or abusing it . When attempting to use it now , the arms flex , and handle repeatedly comes out of the arm . I 'll be running to the hardware store for a bolt , washers , and a nylon nut to repair it . For the money it should last longer than 7 months before failing or needing repairs.Update
 I have owned several can crushers and the honeymoon was over quickly on each one . This can crusher would have gotten 5 stars if it crushed the can just 1/4 to 1/2 '' more . My wife buys Red Bull by the case and this is the first can crusher I have ever seen or heard of that can crush them . Ordinary can crushers can not handle the tall and skinny Red Bull cans . My recycle bin sits right below and the Easy Pull drops the can in when complete . Gravity - not just a good idea , it 's the law .
 Well I , like others who have offered comments , bought this unit based on customer reviews . I almost never review items online but this one is out of the ordinary and deserves a kudo . The unit is the most well designed and constructed I have used in 30 years . I confess I did not follow the instructions to the letter and mounted it on an outside wall . Now the directions say explicitly NOT to mount out doors or in a garage , but I knew better . Well , maybe not ... Eventually my unit started to bind up and the guide rods for the lever actually bent . I contacted the company asking if they could sell me new guide rods . I did n't hold out much hope and figured I would just have to buy a new unit . Lo and behold , I got a speedy reply to my email . And then a followup call from a representative . And even a second followup call when I was unavailable . They went out of their way to understand my problem , rather than send me off to support purgatory.The bottom line is that I eventually did speak with the rep and he explained the likely problem of moisture contamination due to the unit being mounted outside . Then he lowered the boom on me ! He offered to replace the entire device if I would mail back my original unit.AMAZING is all I can say . These folks stand behind their product . Period . I give them a triple-A , 5-star rating for service . And a 5-star rating for the product itself !!
 Installed this product in the kitchen of a fraternity house . Crushes at least 100-150 cans every week -LRB- and a few times that for a big party -RRB- . It seems built to last , and the action of pulling is easy enough on the arms that you can go through every can with no fatigue . The can drops right into either an add-on receptacle -LRB- which looks like a waste of money -RRB- or a trash can below . Also low maintenance , as the lube on the rods has not worn off -LRB- they suggest lubing them once a year , if I remember correctly -RRB- . We now pull the tabs off to collect for charity , and we will probably have a few thousand by the end of the year , so that 's an added benefit -LRB- before , we did n't have any one place to put cans so trying to get all or most tabs was impossible -RRB- . Complaints
 I rated this 4 stars because we have n't spent enough time to be over the moon with it yet.It is nylon and not metal , pros and cons , PRO- no rusting for sure CON - will it loosen , crack or break over time and use?Just got this in the mail , came pretty quickly . Took it out of the packaging and installed it . VERY IMPORTANT that you find a solid wall and MOSTLY A STUD to screw into . I gave the axle areas a squirt of silicone to see if operation would smooth out , feels like it did.The wall stabilizes the unit , and the STUD helps prevent it from pulling away when `` CRUSHING '' . Tried it out , my 10 year old daughter tried it and said it was FUN . So much so that my wife had to try it out too!TIP - if you give the can a little squeeze to start a dent , the can almost collapses on itself without effort when crushing -LRB- but you do n't have to , and I know there will be comments `` if you have to dent it , why did you buy the thing ? -RRB- take it easy it 's just a tip : -RRB- Will keep an eye on the unit and add comments as it ages -LRB- gracefully i hope ! -RRB-
 I wo n't go into the details of how well this product works as this has been thoroughly covered in many of the reviews.The Easy Pull Can Crusher was received as a Christmas gift . Approximately two weeks after use , the plastic snapped in two places . I revisited the reviews and decided that this must have been an isolated incident as I rarely read of this occurring . I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- who I was very pleased to learn was USA based -RRB- . Without placing blame , the can crusher was replaced free of charge . For the inconvenience , I was also shipped a complimentary can crusher collection bin -LRB- which is wonderful - if you do n't have it , you should look into it -RRB- . The manufacturer who is based in Wisconsin asked that I return the damaged can crusher to them so they could investigate as to why the plastic snapped . The manufacturer was concerned as this product was manufactured to last many years and this issue had been reported twice in a very short period of time . The other incident was reported after the can crusher was disposed of leaving the manufacturer no way to determine why the plastic snapped.After tests had been ran on the can crusher , it was determined that the damage was due to an unknown change in one of the raw materials components used in the manufacturing process . I have since that time received many pleasant phone calls from the manufacturer following up on the products performance and extending their thanks for the time being taken to report the problem so that they had the opportunity to correct the issue.What an impressive company this has turned out to be ! The customer service is great , the product is great , they are USA based , they take pride in their product and sincerely care that their customers are happy with their purchase . I am additionally impressed they took the time to investigate and correct the issue so this problem would not continue to occur . I ca n't say enough good things about the company or the product !
 My boyfriend drinks an abnormal amount of soda . He does not drink water . The man drinks a Pepsi with pancakes . I got sick of having to take the trash out constantly due to the high volume of empty cans in the trash.Hawaii started the 5 cent redemption a couple of years ago , but I never bothered with it because they did n't allow crushing of cans , and since I live in a condo , keeping bags of cans around was not a possibility . Recently they allowed crushing , so I needed a crusher to save me some $ $ and to save my sanity with having a full trash can.This one works excellently.I ordered it and it only came with the crushing arm . They advertised in the description that it came with the collection bin . I emailed the company and let them know that they needed to either send me the bin or change their description to avoid further problems . They immediately sent me a collection bin . Excellent customer service.I do see that they are selling the collection bin separately , but they still describe it as coming with it in the description . So there still seems to be some confusion.It smooshes cans with ease.PLEASE REMEMBER TO SCREW IT INTO A STUD . The pressure will pull it out of the wall almost instantly . You must find a stud and install it that way .
 I bought this crusher to replace my old `` The Crusher '' . The pressed hinges wore away after about 5 yrs . In turn the can would only be crushed about 3/4 . Also if there was not a small dent in can there was extensive force required to crush can . My 6 yr old would have to hang on handle . While i was a little concerned about this product being constructed of mostly plastic I took the chance . The fact it was made in U.S.A. was the biggest selling point for me.When it arrived , I realized it is not constructed of plastic . It 's constructed of a composite and stainless steel . The design was well thought out . And ease of use is astounding . My two year old can use it and I have no worries about sharp edges of aluminum cutting her . Everything about this can crusher very high quality.I also purchased collection bin . Ingenious , it makes it so easy to recycle . I would recommended this product to anyone . Even though it costs a few buck more than one made in China . It shows you get what you pay for . Proof that there are Americans proud to make a Quality product .
 UPDATE!I 've been using the replacement crusher for many months now , and it has n't missed a beat with several cans a day going through it . The real stars here are the company owners and employees themselves . They 've truly made me proud to buy an American product . Not only did they listen to my complaints and replace the defective product , when I later sent them photos of how my unit broke , they sent me an email within a few weeks saying they had changed the design of the product to beef it up in that area , even though they 'd only had a handful of units -LRB- out of many thousands -RRB- break in that manner . You do NOT get responsiveness like that from a company in this day and age . I 'm very impressed . They have been constantly friendly and helpful and seem not only eager to ensure my satisfaction with the product , but proud of what they produce and willing to improve it based on customer experience . That 's just fantastic.Yes , it is considerably more expensive than some of their competition . But at this point in my experience with this item , I can wholeheartedly say it is worth it.I wish the manufacturers of my car ran their business like this . : - -RRB- If anything changes in the next year or two , I 'll be sure to update , but so far , I 'm very happy with this product . Buy with confidence.PRIOR REVIEWHappy ending ... nasty beginning . I had one of the cheapy $ 5 metal crushers for a year or two . It was okay but felt flimsy and bent after a while . I found this one at my local Rural King . It looked heavy-duty -- and at five times the price , I assumed it was . It broke the very first day after fewer than a dozen cans . I was pretty hot under the collar and fired off a terse but polite email to the company . They responded quickly , shipped a replacement immediately and apologized for the inconvenience.The new crusher has gone through several dozen cans with no problems . It 's smooth . It 's sturdy . And the `` automatic can drop '' system is fantastic . Very nice design.I 'm going to give it four stars because I have no way of knowing how many of those defective units actually get into people 's hands , and because I 've still had the new one for only a few weeks , so I still ca n't confirm the long-term durability of it.But I CAN vouch for the responsiveness of the company and their willingness to stand behind their product . And I can say that , so far , the replacement one I got is great !
 The Easy Pull crusher has proven to be the very best crusher for high volume applications . It is very durable and easy to pull.Six months ago , I purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- Easy Pull Crushers , one for myself and one for a friend . Together we are crushing cans that have been donated to the local animal shelter and we are hauling the cans to the aluminum recycler . In the last 6 months we have hauled 4,648 pounds of cans to the recycler . Based on an estimate that 90 % of the cans were the 12 oz . cans and the fact that it takes 34 12 oz . cans to make a pound , we estimate we have crushed 71,111 aluminum cans with each crusher . After each crushing session , we clean the dirt off the crusher and lubricated the rods with vaseline.We have the crushers securely mounted on a wall with a folding chair underneath . In the chair we have a plastic garbage bag that is held open with a tomato cage . As we crush a can , most cans automatically fall out of the crusher and into the garbage bag underneath . With another brand of crusher , that does not tip as it is pulled , it takes twice as long to crush multiple cans because you must pick the crushed can out of the crusher before you can reach for the next can.When the tabs broke off the rotating handles of our crushers , I contacted Easy Pull via e-mail . Immediately the Easy Pull representative called me and replaced the two handles for free . The representative explained that pulling from the side would cause the tabs to break . He was exactly right because as we work fast and as we were pulling to crush one can , we were reaching for another can with the other hand , thus causing a side pull on the crusher.This crusher is so easy to pull . Keeping the rods lubricated with vaseline and pushing a slight dent in each can with your thumb as you are inserting the can into the crusher makes crushing hundreds of cans a breeze.The crusher is the very best high volume crusher and the company that makes it stands behind their product . I recommend this crusher .
 This is a great product ! Easy to install , does what it is meant to do , and you can tell it will last longer than I will .
 So far so good , in the 6 weeks that I have owned it . Does everything it is supposed to . Easy install , well pleased .
 This is the best can crusher I have used so far . I 've owned several of the light weight metal units , but they do n't hold up very well . This unit is very well made . The long arm provides extra power to crush cans easily . I really like the self dumping design . I keep a tall paper leaf bag under the crusher , and the cans fall right in after crushing . My wife uses the crusher as much as I do . I think that says something about the ease of use and quality of this unit .
 I am very satisfied with the quality of this product . It was easy to mount to the wall and works great . I would recommend this product to anybody .
 Easy to use and very well made crusher!I HAVE A LOT OF FUN USING IT !
 We mounted the Easy Pull Recycle System on our garage wall with a lined trash can beneath it , about a month ago . Our son has been saving aluminum cans to sell for scrap to make a little extra money . It is really sturdy , unlike all the other systems we looked and read about . I would highly recommend this system for the ease and durability.It is everything it 's advertised to be and more .
 Husband loves it ! I highly recommend the collection bin that attaches as well . Sturdy and easy to use .
 What a pleasure to find a crusher that does n't require a lot of strength to use ! The delivery was a little slower than anticipated , but the wait was worth it .
 Along with the available collection bin this is the best can crusher I have ever used . It keeps things easy and convenient where even my kids like to use it !
 I researched all the can crushers and this one seemed to be the highest rated . I mounted it in the garage and placed a 30 gal trash can under it . The cans are crushed and fall without any effort on my part into the trash can . Highly recommended !
 It was a breeze to install it and works very well , I would not recommend to have it outside since the metal rods might rust , but I use mine inside the garage and lubricate the rods with vaseline every once in a while
 This will not be installed till spring . I am looking forward to using it and expect to enjoy using it
 My family generates a lot of empty soda and juice cans . My wife heads up our recycling , but I got tired of having huge garbage bags of empty cans in MY garage . This device works well and looks like it will holdup for any family use for many years . It works so well it is almost fun to operate.The attached canister that you can buy -LRB- and I recommend -RRB- fills up and will dump a couple of canisters worth in a poly trash can liner and close it with a tie . By the time we accumulate a couple of these its time to visit our local recycling station for something else . The wife has less to manage , I have less clutter , its more hygienic , all in all a good purchase.Aas some have pointed out it takes a little effort to crush the slightly taller skinny cans , but it still does a good job compacting them .
 Third can crusher in a year . Looks like this one might hold up a little longer . Woks well with the collection bin .
 I bought this entirely based on the other recommendations . I 've now been using it for four months , and am very pleased with how it works . I 've done as many as several dozen cans at a time using it , and it has had no problems handling that load.Oh , yeah ! There 's no need to buy the Easy Pull container that goes under it -- a 5-gallon bucket under it works just fine !
 Unit simple to install once studs are located.Very easy to pull handle.Crushed can falls out into trash pin as hand is pulled upward . Would highly recommend .
 This one does the job . It stays tight and works much better than the one I discarded . I believe in recycling whenever I can and this get used quite a bit . Still working like the day I got it .
 This item works great , and is very sturdy . I 've only used it for a week now , so I can not comment on longevity , but so far , so good !
 I procrastinated for years buying a can crusher . When I finally bought this one , I wondered what took me so long to get one . I mounted it into a stud in my garage . I keep a box under it and after the can is crushed and the handle is raised , the can falls right into the box . After16 months and about 2,000 cans , I see no wear and tear and it is still working great without issue .
 I bought this model and one of `` The Crusher '' models . I mounted this one in the garage because it is not made of steel and put `` The Crusher '' , a steel model outside . -LRB- We have very cold winters , here and I worried that the Easy Pull may crack or break outside . -RRB- The Easy Pull works great and out performs The Crusher easily . I keep a five gallon bucket lined with a trash bag underneath it and I like how the can just drops right in the trash without having to even touch it again . For best results just slightly squeeze the can and leave a small impression in it before loading it into the Easy Pull , it crushes it without using as much pull down force . The Crusher , although being made from heavier material , is a disapponitment . It does not automatically discharge the can , and it constantly spits the can back out when you pull down to crush it . It is a pain and a hassel and I wish I would have just bought two Easy Pull models , instead of just the one !
 Have used the Easy Pull Crusher for about 2 weeks now . Works well . I have concerns about the composite material it 's made of but it does seem to be sturdy . I 've used the cheap stamped metal ones in the past and they do n't hold up very long . I hope this is an example of you get what you pay for .
 I researched the web for a dependable , easy to use can crusher and discovered the Easy Pull for our charity can collections . It really lives up to it 's reputation of being `` easy '' since young children as well as elderly can use it with very little effort . The unit is well made , and does n't require the operator to put their fingers in and pull out the crushed can like some models , therefore preventing possible finger/hand cuts . An optional , matching attachable bin can be added to store the crushed cans that simply fall into the bin after the lever is pulled . Ours has a artistic , swirled patriotic flag on the bin . There 's virtually no maintainance required except an annual light coating of petroleum jelly on the easy-to-get-to visible steel rod . Help save the environment and save some $ $ $ . This item can pay for itself very quickly . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 Yes , it 's plastic , -LRB- Nylon ? -RRB- , but is heavily reinforced and can crank down on cans without so much as a hic-up . The handle , long for leverage with rotating grip , will flex a little at the bottom of the stroke but they all do . Just do a couple of dry runs to determine handle location at the end of the stroke and do n't exceed this . The can will flatten to a little over an inch thick before the action bottoms out . Pulling down on the lever rotates the can platform from horizontal to vertical and drops the can neatly into the accessory bin . We purchased the model with the collection binEasy Pull Can Crushing System with Collection Binfor an extra $ 21 . BUT if you are an Amazon Prime member , you can buy this unit for roughly $ 30 and the bin separately for roughly $ 15 saving yourself $ 6.89 to be exact.I mounted the compactor to studs in my drywalled stairwell that leads to our basement and in this location it will never succumb to the elements . -LRB- Yes , it 's built very well , but there are some retaining caps on the stainless steel pivot rods that might eventually show rust -RRB- . Used without the collection bin , its depth is quite shallow , something like 3 inches . With the collection bin attached , its depth more than doubles . I should note however that the bin attaches very securely . It 's been bumped good from the side a couple of times and stays put.We 're good recyclers and hated stomping on cans on the deck . This thing saves us a lot of ` dead space ' in our city supplied recycle bin and is actually fun to use . Given it 's built well , I expect it to last for years .
 Fantastic , high quality , solid feel . Interesting design makes it easy to crush the can without making a mess or even have to touch it after it is crushed . Is currently installed in our workshop and crushes anywhere between 10-20 cans a day - still holding strong . Only down side is that it does not crush larger cans like Monster Energy cans as the opening is only tall enough for the standard soda can . Worth the price !
 So far , this can crusher is a Godsend ! Cans used to be piled so high on the kitchen counter before we took them out back to crush them , that even a slight breeze would knock bunches to the floor with a cacophony of noise ! Now , as the cans are emptied , the kids are practically pushing each other out of the way to rinse their cans and crush them ! Now instead of a chore , it 's a game ! SCORE !
 I ca n't praise this product enough - I wish 6 stars were available.This is a `` Made in USA '' product that is made in the way we all wish we could expect - the way `` Made in the USA '' promised and delivered , many years ago.I avoided the multi-can hopper style crushers , because of the reports that they tend to jam up , or fail over time . More complicated engineering often leads to poor performance or early failure . Simple can be good.This device is very simple , but also very well engineered . I 'm an engineer - I appreciate something made well , and built to last . This is one of the few products I 've seen , in the past many years , built to that vision . Very refreshing.The few metal parts are high quality stainless steel , that has not rusted in my hot , humid environment in Hawaii . The plastic parts are made from high quality thermo plastic , not the cheap brittle plastic that you are familiar with , and they are gusseted for strength , and nearly unbreakable . The engineering is impeccable.I expect many years of use from this crusher . I 've been using it for 6 months , and can tell you that I can easily crush 30 or 40 cans per minute , loading one can at a time by hand . The crushed cans drop neatly and accurately into my 5 gallon bucket container , 3 feet below . I 'm skeptical that anyone can do better , with the multi-can hopper style crushers , especially given their tendency to jam up.Bottom line
 I read a lot of reviews on this item and others before making my purchase . This can crusher had the best reviews and has lived up to the expectations I had . I was a little nervous that this can crusher was made of plastic -LRB- and metal -RRB- , when I wanted an all metal can crusher originally , but the plastic is extremely thick and durable . I would compare it to almost a thick fiberglass-type plastic , if that helps to conjur an image.It mounted easily and crushes easily as well . Product loses one star though because it can not crush a 16 oz . can , and I would like to see it crush the cans a little flatter than it does.Overall a great product !
 I bought one of these for myself a few years ago and , believe me , it 's gotten plenty of use ! It still works like the day I bought it , needing nothing more than a little vaseline to grease up the rods about once a year . Had friends with young kids over and they could n't wait for an empty can to use it ! My neighbor had a different crusher , a metal one , and it did n't work nearly as well as my Easy Pull . He kept hinting at me getting him an Easy Pull for his Birthday ... so I did ! Would definitely recommend this product !
 This is a great product-I have crushed over 5000 cans now-still working perfectly . There is a lubrication sticker on the side of the machine that you want to read . It 's recessed in the frame and I did n't see it.I thought I had a problem , but Easy Pull customer service fixed me right up . Excellant 5 star customer service . I feel customers can buy with confidence .
 We 've owned the Easy Pull Can crusher for almost a year now . Its easy to use , compact and streamlines our aluminum recycling efforts so we can make some extra cash . In addition , the collection bin that works with our Easy Pull unit is great . It makes the entire process much more tidy . I recommended this product to friends . Thanks !
 After years of throwing away cans do to being lazy I decided one day that enough was enough . It 's the easiest thing we can do to help recycle and reuse so I researched the best can crushers and this had the best ratings . I was very pleased ! It 's heavy duty and easy to use . This machine is very well built and is n't going anywhere anytime soon . Since buying this product I purchased another one for my nephews because they loved crushing cans so much . I would recommend this product for anyone from children to the elderly because it is very easy to crush the cans with little effort .
 We bought one of these Easy Pull Auto Dispensing Can Crushers with the crushed can container several years ago for our cabin . It has worked very well and is enjoyed mostly by the kids . So we decided a few months ago to get another one for our home . It is made of a heavy use material which I believe could be of a plastic/spun glass mixture and has taken much abuse at the cabin . One of the features I do like is the rotating handle which lets you hold the handle grip in your hand through the entire motion without letting it turn in the palm of your hand . Also it is a one hand operation that does not require excessive force to crush the cans and the available crushed can container makes it easy to remove and to dump the crushed cans into a recycle bin . With our use we find that the collection bin holds about thirty five crushed cans . We our happy with both of our Easy Pull Auto Dispensing No Mess Can Crushers and would recommend them highly to anyone !
 This crusher is outstanding . The material with which it is made is the same type of plastic from which my two wheel hand truck is made . It has been handling 400 pound loads for many years with no trouble . The neat thing about this crusher is that you can crush the cans one handed . It ejects the crushed can without your having to use your other hand . You can hold a few cans , or a case of empties in one hand and load and crush with the other . I highly recommend this product .
 After reading several reviews for this product , I decided to go with it . Great product . It 's plastic , so at first I thought it would be a cheapo and break . We mounted it outside and have been using it for over 6 months . Works great . Really saves time . Helpful hint ! We place a large trash container under it and it drops the cans directly into it . No need to purchase the container that attaches . We have a small trash can under the sink to collect . We turn the large trash can lid upside down ontop of the trash can and dump them in . Then we can easily grab the cans and crash without even bending over .
 This was a much better buy than any of the flimsy metal can crushers I have bought that bend easily . It is very strong and durable . The only possible downside is that you need to hold on to the can a little bit at the start of crushing because the motion of the device rotates the can downwards as you crush so that it can easily drop into a bag . A small lip on the bottom part that holds the can would be helpful .
 This product is very well engineered and constructed . I ca n't see any way to improve on the design . The operation is very smooth , and there is ample leverage such that even my kids can do the job . In fact , they love to do it , so lazy dad can hand them the cans and they fight over who gets to crush!I have used other designs , this one wins , hands down . Be sure to get the matching bin that fits into the crusher , it 's a neat and clean solution and worth the extra money ; keeps the whole thing off the floor and conceals all the crushed cans : Easy Pull Collection Bin . When it fills up , just dump it into a larger recycling bin . You can buy the crusher and the collection bin together , which is what I did : EZ Pull Can Crush System with Storage Bin.I ca n't think of a reason not to get this system .
 Hey ... . I do n't review things often , so here goes because this item does deserve to get its accolades ... Do n't first off waist your bucks on cheaper items -LRB- they are out there for $ 10 bucks or less -RRB- ... . BECAUSE you will get the lesser performance along with it . If you 're going to put screws into whatever wall or door , well < duhh > ... why not make sure you wo n't be patching those holes and replacing that unit nearterm , eh?This unit is so far ultra-fab ! ... . I have used it for a few months , but that should translate into the average usage of 1 yr . by most folks I figure -LRB- we are a big can usage family , perhaps crushing 30 cans per day maybe -RRB- . I would recommend adding lube to the cylindrical shafts more often than recommended with heavy usage , but other than that , this baby whirrs along without any need for worry . It 's easy to use , easy to mount , and easy to maintain - what else do you need?I placed this unit in my pantry , just off the kitchen . If you have this option , do it ! Why walk to the garage and endure nonhousehold temperatures if you do n't have to ? I have a lined box below the unit to collect the crushed cans , and when the pantry box gets filled ... . well then I walk to the garage bin . Works for me . No one sees it in your pantry but household members and it 's very convenient to access there.It works for small cans too -LRB- like my 5.5 oz . V8 juice cans every morn -RRB- ... . you just have to take slightly more time to make sure the unit connects before pressing down on the lever . I 've never tried anything larger than a 12-oz . can , so let someone else talk about that . For my needs though , this unit is a great addition ... . I do n't get as much as I 'd like for a truckload of squashed cans , but it sure beats getting nothing !
 This is exactly what I was looking for . The product is plastic but sturdy . The device mounts easily and works smoothly . Not the cheapest can crusher out there in either sense of the word . The performance is well-worth the price .
 Fast way to crush cans . I like how it can just dispose itself into a trash bag I place under it . I hope it lasts a long time .
 This can crusher is awesome . It is built from from highly durable plastic material that is evidently wear resistant . I received the item well packaged . I installed it permanently in my garage wall with the provided screws and started crushing cans like never before . this crusher well exceeds my expectation .
 I have had it about a month now and it works wonderfully . I would recommend it if you have regular size cans to crush .
 I was looking for a durable product that would last more than 6 months , this seems to be very well made and as long as we keep it oiled and keep the kids from hanging on it I think it 'll last for years . I love that it 's made in the USA and reading through the reviews and comments I noticed the company really stands behind their product , which is almost unheard of these days . We put a bag in a trash can and placed it under the crusher , the cans get spit right into the can , no touching sharp edges ! We love it !
 I 've gone cheap and purchased other crushers , but they invariably fall apart and are more gimmicky than anything else . This crusher is like an Abrams battle tank when crushing a can . Its design is easy to use , and far less force is required than most other crushers . As others have said , it does not have the capability to crush taller cans , which just means I do n't buy tall cans . Problem solved . The only maintenance required is a light greasing of the rails with petroleum jelly , once per year . It has my highest recommendation .
 After buying and using a can crusher that broke after four cans and realizing that a lot of crushers have a bad design , I decided to purchase this crusher . I was also unsure of the material used in its construction but decided to give it a try based on reviews . The crusher has performed without fail . It dumps the crushed can so it can fall into a container . I then purchased the matching container for the crusher and it all works without a glitch . The cans fall into the container without any mess . It only crushes the standard 12 ounce cans but that is all I will be crushing anyway . The larger cans , if I should have them can be crushed by hand , so that is not a problem in my case . This crusher is more expensive than others , but it works and I do n't have to worry about it breaking , jamming , or looking for a sales receipt in hope of getting a refund .
 This is the most sturdy crusher . I bought a different one and it broke immediately , I think it was the metal one . This is very sturdy , gets used a lot here . Just buy this one , you will not regret it .
 As a working Mom of 4 , I 'm always looking for ways to make life easier and when it comes to recycling ... the EasyPull can crusher fits the bill!I installed the can crusher in my garage by myself ... took only minutes . A couple more minutes to show the kids -LRB- ages 5-12 -RRB- how it works and cans were being crushed . Even the 5 year old has no problem crushing cans . The kids actually like to let a few cans pile up so they can crush a bunch at once . The design of the EasyPull crusher ensures the act of crushing the cans takes very little effort . And , better than that , the fact you only need to touch the can when you place it on the base makes it a clean process with no chance of little fingers getting pinched or cut during the process . Once the can is crushed it falls into the bin below -LRB- I have the corresponding collection bin that attaches right to the crusher so the crushed can goes completely out of site ! -RRB- . The EasyPull can crusher is made of a plastic-like material that is both lightweight and durable . I 've also found the plastic material wipes down quickly and easily to ensure there is no soda residue that might attract bees . There is no doubt in my mind that this can crusher will last and last . Also , from the reviews I read , it looks like EasyPull customer service is also really on the ball ! I 'm an avid Amazon shopper and would typically go to Amazon if I had an issue with a product I bought , but if I every have a question with my EasyPull can crusher , I 'm going right to the source!I 'm so happy with my EasyPull can crusher that I 've given one as a house-warming gift . The new homeowners loved it and put it up immediately . ** Additional note
 I had been crushing cans using my feet for the past year . My husband thought it was a bother and I was at times fishing cans out of the trash . Now HE uses it ! I have crushed over two thousand cans in the last month -LRB- my husband saved them before we got married -RRB- and it took me no time and I think I even built a little muscle ! The only downside is it wo n't crush 16oz cans . I have already gotten my money 's worth and I 'm not finding any more cans in the trash !
 This is by far , the best crusher out there -LRB- tried 3 others and bought one to replace my Brother 's crusher too -RRB- . I 've had my Easy Pull Auto Dispensing No Mess Can Crusher -LRB- Kitchen -RRB- for over 10 years now , so that should speak to it 's durability . It finally started to get a bit harder and I noticed that it was mainly due to wear and tear around the guide holes.I 've read other reviews and now see that the mfg has a sticker on the unit that states `` lubricate the rods with petroleum jelly annually '' . Since I never did lubricate my crusher , I now see why that is.Take note that if you crush a lot of cans at a single session , the rods can get a bit hot , so I 'd suggest lubricating the rods often during those types of 30-50 can crushing sessions -- otherwise , if it 's just 1 or 2 cans , there 's no worry.That 's probably why my can crusher lasted so long - it was n't until recently that I 've started to collect the cans in a bin and then take them to the crusher doing 50 at a time ... hence the wearing out after 10 years.I really appreciate the way that the design drops the crushed can out to a waiting bin below the unit -LRB- I have the collection bin that 's designed for it , but now , simply have a large trash can underneath it -- ready to take to the recycling center -RRB- .
 Works as advertised , it out performs my previous crusher hands down . The bonus is it spits the cans out into the waiting 5 gallon pail , talk about automatic .
 I had this product before , It was used at a night club and it deffenitly did it 's job well . It held up to alot of cans and it won every battel.It did such a great job when it finaly broke i bought 2 more .
 This is my second purchase of this can crusher . The first one we wore out after about 3 yrs ! Would highly recommend !
 I save aluminum cans for my church and I we drink alot of beverages that come in aluminum cans . This is easy to use , seems to be holding up just fine . No complaints at all .
 Excellent Product I recomend . Make sure to order the collection bin with it as it makes it a no hassle operation .
 It works as advertised !! Crush 's cans very well and it is easy to do . I was concerned about it being made out of the composite material but it stands up very well . If you look for a great crusher this it !!!
 In an age when space comes at a terribly high price , this wall mounted can crusher has made a big difference in how long it takes to fill a recycling bucket . At first I was taken back by it 's plastic construction but the way this mechanism crushes while rotating put my mind to rest . The design works incredibly efficiently and when you are finished your downward motion and start back up the crushed can falls right out into the bucket below . I give this a strong recommendation based on its performance .
 Easily crushes cans and dispenses them in my recycling container . No need to buy add on container if you have enough room to place trash can or container underneath . Pricey but you get what you pay for .
 So , I ca n't say much for durability , as I just opened the box about 30 minutes ago , but I love this!I am 9 months pregnant , was easily able to mount it , and crush all the cans we had stock piled in 10 minutes.I definitely recommend this to anyone that may not have the best strength . I did n't get the attaching can bin , all I did was put an extra 13 gallon bucket under it and it works great since it does n't spit the cans out in all directions . : -RRB-
 I was a little worried by the fact that this thing is mostly plastic , but it is really tough and easy to operate . It is also made in the good ` ol USA which sadly is getting pretty rare these days . It needs a good solid mounting place like a wall stud . Even comes with screws to hang it up . Works best on cans that are n't dented .
 This is a versatille item but note a few things
 I bought this because I had read positive reviews on Staub and it was on sale . Well , it sat in my cupboard for a while because I was n't sure what to make in it and it seemed small . So one day I just started using it on smaller casseroles and instead of other dishes and it has performed fabulously , now I use it for many things and am so happy with it !
 I was so happy to find this cake plateau to use with my parents ' 50th anniversary cake.It 's absolutely beautiful and versatile too.I had a silver cake plateau for my daughter 's wedding cake but gave it to her afterward and could n't borrow it back , since she lives out of state . I planned to try to find another silver plateau and cover it with gold foil to match their golden anniversary theme but this worked out so much better!We were able to set up a string of cordless white lights beneath the plateau , which matched the lighted crystal tier in between , so it really was lovely . The crystal is also more versatile than the silver , since it will match about anything . And this one was less expensive than silver ones I found online.Note the dimensions on this , since it is smaller than some . Our bottom cake was a 10-inch round and it fit perfectly . I believe there is some lead content in the crystal too , but since a cake does n't directly touch it , it 's not a problem . For future use , I 'll just put some sort of doily on top of the crystal.I was concerned that this might break during shipment but it arrived in perfect condition from Amazon . I 'm very happy with this and would recommend it to others seeking a beautiful way to display a small wedding cake or other special items.By the way , the photo shows the plateau upside down . The three protruding pieces are actually legs that the plateau rests on , with a cake , cupcakes or other items atop the flat side , although I suppose you could also use it as a shallow bowl for fruit , etc. .
 Gorgeous Cake Stand ! Fabulous Price ! But the silly thing is photographed upside down . I guess you could use it that way but it seems a bit odd when it is so amazingly beautiful with it 's feet on the ground . Would highly recommend it !
 This item is beautiful and sized for any round cake-type item . It was well packed and delivered promptly . It was a gift for someone and they loved it and keep it on display .
 used this under my daughters 4 foot wedding cake it was a couple inches smaller than her bottom cake but it sat under there and gave the whole look more detail it is heavy glass and looks like its worth way more than we paid great price fast shipping and it comes boxed with styrofoam just georgeous on the table at chritmas and birthday parties as well
 I bought this and was n't sure about the size . Got it in and was so impressed with it ! It is really nice and with a nice price ! Very impressed !!
 Great item and was delivered as promised . This was a gift and the person I bought this for loved it .
 We purchased these towels for our master bath about 6 months ago and have really enjoyed them . They are large , thick , heavy and so soft - so inviting to wrap up in after a shower ! They 're very attrative , expensive-looking towels - like you 'd see in a luxury hotel . The color -LRB- titanium -RRB- is a beautiful khaki with a slight sheen that complements almost any color scheme . And after 6 months and many washings , they 're just as good as new . I think we 'll be enjoying these for a good long time to come .
 these are the softest towels ever ! I 've had them over a year & they are as soft as they were the day I got them . Highly recommend !
 These are the best towels I have ever purchased . They are thick , soft , fluffy and durable . I have had mine for over a year now and they are still as great as when I first bought them . They are wonderful to wrap up in after bathing !
 beautiful and great for kids to look at . We bought these and several others because our girls were interested in art , they have held up quite nicely and are very pretty to look at .
 This works really well . The construction is bulletproof and the design is good . Got ta love it
 FANTASTIC CHAMPAGNE STOPPER . NEXT DAY STILL BUBBLY AND DELICIOUS . GOOD PRICE AND PERFECT FOR CHAMPAGNE TO LAST SEVERAL DAYS . THANK GOOODNESS .
 This simple stopper seals a champagne bottle very tightly . Easy to fit on the bottle and holds for several days in the fridge .
 Simple , durable and effective . This stopper beats all others . Very secure and easy to use , this indestructible beauty has outlasted all other types we 've bought . When we needed several for a champagne tasting party , they made perfect gifts afterward .
 I am redecorating my bedroom and this photo struck me when I saw it . I just got my frame -LRB- which you might have to order on line . 12x24 , which was n't easy to find in the store -RRB- . However I have it in my room and it so nice and feminine Love it !
 This 11 x 17 poster based on the film `` Sister Act '' is terrific ; it was given to me by a friend who knows I love this film but did n't know I already had a similar poster for it -- but I like this poster every bit as much ! It offers hints of the plot , too . Whoopi Goldberg 's character Deloris Van Cartier is a flashy but unsuccessful nightclub singer in Reno , Nevada when she accidentally witnesses her boyfriend Vince 's `` associates '' carrying out a mob hit . The cops -LRB- look for Bill Nunn as Lt. Eddie Souther -RRB- place her into a witness protection program -- a convent , of all places -- until they can bring Whoopi 's boyfriend to trial . While waiting for the trial in the witness protection program , Deloris must make believe she 's Sister Mary Clarence ; only the Mother Superior knows Deloris 's true identity . The cops know that Deloris 's testimony at Vince 's trial will put him away and set Deloris free at once ! Of course , how everything works out remains the focus of the plot.I love how the poster shows Delores as a mixture of flashy nightclub singer and make-believe nun ; this reflects that this is going to be quite a fish out of water story ! For example , her red high heeled shoes and sunglasses represent her life as a singer in a Reno , Nevada nightclub ; and her nun 's habit shows how she had to hide out and temporarily live as a nun . The words `` Sister Act '' are in bright red to highlight Whoopi 's nightclub singer character in the movie as well.The artist also used the line of nuns in off-white habits going left and backward into space to provide a type of symmetry ; that way Whoopi is essentially on the right side of the poster and the nuns are mostly on the left side -- it all balances out which makes the poster aesthetically appealing . In addition , the bottom of the poster provides the main credits for the movie and the photo just to the left of the center of the poster also hints at this fish out of water story with a distinctly humorous touch.This is a great poster for any fan of the movie Sister Act ; Whoopi Goldberg fans will definitely want this , too ! It 's a great souvenir and it showcases Whoopi 's ability to carry a very funny movie .
 We love these bowls . They are perfect for pasta , salad , and stews . We have owned these for a couple years now and they have stood up well to some light abuse .
 Gee , I was so impressed by the large size of these placemats when they arrived and I instantly fell in love with them -- and then I washed them in cold water and they SHRUNK about 1/3 of the size , and what is worse - they all shrunk to different sizes ! I bought 4 packages -LRB- total of 16 placemats -RRB- and every one is a different size!The color is great , but lint seems to adhere to them - do I still recommend them ? Yes , but be warned that they will shrink considerably and they are more for casual dining as they are made out of material similar to woven canvas . ** A few years later they have all shrunk to the same size and are extremely durable . I wash them weekly so they have had 100 washes or more and still look good . My only complaint is that stains are rather difficult to remove from them but over time , the mottled look of the fabric color seems to disguise any blemishes . Other than the shocking shrinkage , they are an excellent buy . I have increased my opinion from 3 to 4 stars !
 Excellent product . Buy Kitchen Aid for the way it 's made . Performs as advertised without a lot of hassle and purchasing through Amazon.com sure did make purchasing veryt easy . Thank You .
 This sturdy , metal sign is the perfect size to be seen by drivers using our long , country lane . The bright yellow is eye-catching , but I just wish the rattlers could read ... and leave the area !
 I received this poster perfectly tubed and ready for hanging . I did have a hard time finding a company to make a custom frame for it , but now that it is hung this print is fabulous ! High quality paper and perfectly clear print . 100 % satisfied , would buy from again .
 Excellent product . Perfect for small jobs - use it for preparing toddler meals from the `` big '' table , chops it up fine enough to get them eating `` big '' people food without having to chew so much . Easy to use , easy to clean . Highly recommend it .
 It works as expected . I got this for my Grandma as her last one was not working so well anymore and she 's happy , therefore , I 'm happy .
 I 've had this chopper for a while now -LRB- over 2 years -RRB- but have never written a review until now . This is such a handy appliance to have . I just saved a ton of time using this chopper recently to mince up carrots for carrot cake instead of grating the carrots by hand . I also used the chopper recently to grind Oreos for a cheesecake crust instead of crushing the cookies manually . It saved me a ton of time and I got the work done with just a simple press of a button . The cup does n't hold very much , so if you 're preparing a large amount of food to be processed , I 'd recommend you get a larger chopper . It 's so easy to use and I 've yet to be dissapointed by this little chopper . For the price , I 'm very please with this item .
 I 've had the older model for years & it still works great . I purchased this for a relative who has had oral surgery and can not chew . It is great for chopping & pureeing food . I highly recommend it .
 very good product.make a life much easier in a kitchen.do a better job as compare to any other way ... . i think u should also have it ... and make your self comfortable .
 I leave it on the counter so its ready when I need it . Chopping a breeze the kids dont even know how many veggies they get now in sauces and soups
 Chops into small pieces . Great for a disability or the elderly , or anyone in a hurry . Very useful makes a great salad or meatloaf
 It is a great utility item . The chopping gets done in minutes and so my cooking . Specially good for onion , ginger and garlic.Has been using this product for now 5 months at a stretch , and no complains so far .
 This is simply the best mini processor ever . I find it very useful , specially when you do n't have time to chop by hand.It 's well designed , properly built and it comes with some useful instructions.I owned a Durabrand before and it stopped working after a month of use.I read some other reviews saying that it does n't chop everything . Well , I 've chopped dog food in it , so it 's got ta work !
 I love , love , love the One-Touch Chopper . A friend of mine had one and I just had to get it .
 Fast and small , great for quick jobs I had the original one and the only problem you could not get blades anymore due to the age which I had over 25 yrs . Still going strong .
 this is what i wanted and was satisfied with the product would recommend this product to others as i have owned black and decker products before
 I would recommend this item and this company to everyone ! I have this chopper and love it and use it all the time , so I ordered five of them for Christmas gifts for family members . I ordered on Monday morning , and they arrived on Tuesday afternoon ! I could n't ask for better service !
 I use this little chopper at least a couple times a week to help me prepare meals for my family . I use it to chop garlic , onions and peppers for tacos and to make bread crumbs for breading fish or chicken . It is a great size and is very easy to use .
 Works very well for small to medium jobs and cleans easily . Does n't take up much space in cabinet . Perfect for small families or singles . I 've had mine for years and have had no problem with it . I like Black and Decker 's quality .
 Very good product . Chop or use it for tomato puree . The jar seems to be of weak quality . Hope it lasts . Product received as ordered but was delivered later than what was promised .
 I 've been using this chopper everyday since I bought it . It made my job of cooking easy by chopping away everything I put in it : -RRB-
 Small , easy to use . Works great on anything ... even ice ! Love it ! Need I say more ?
 I have had this model now for about 5 years . When I first got it , I questioned what I would use it for . As a single guy , how many things do I need to chop/dice ... usually my food goes in the oven . Well , now that I have learned to cook more , I must say this thing is very handy . Great for Chopping peppers and onions for chili , and salsa . I 've used it when cutting pepper for my cheesesteak sandwhiches . I just love the little guy , and save about 20-30 minutes of cutting time when making my big vat of chili .
 Do n't throw out that apple core , the lettuce core , broccoli spears , tips of asparagus you cut off . Save them for your birds as you can throw them all into this little maching and in an instant , have them finely chopped into bird sized bits that will provide them with all the fresh nutrition they need every day - without the drudgery of chopping and cutting and having all that mess . This little 3 cup wonder makes enough in one batch or just mix it up and throw in some whole almonds to make an extra tasty treat . Clean up is a breeze . I love mine - I have 14 parrots and 3 hens and believe me it saves tons of time and they 're now getting what they need every single day .
 Fast shipping . Product works great . Perfect for chopping or making sauces . The item is small but makes enough for more than one person . Thanks .
 I use this chopper to make baby food . It does n't cream the food that well , for that , you would need a mill . This little chopper is small and sits on the counter without taking up a lot of space . So easy to wash and it has a lot of room inside the bowl which is great so I can add liquids if needed . I would recommend this chopper , cheap , cute and does the job . One thing ... it is super loud , really gets chopping !
 I love this chopper . It is great for chopping peppers and onions and clean up is a breeze . It stores easy and I find myself using it constantly beecause I can keep it so handy . I orginally bought the `` Magic Bullet '' and returned it after 1 day because it did n't chop evenly - when I chopped onions I got big chunks as well as overly minced . This Black and Decker was only $ 11 and does the job better . A definite winner !
 I use this product to chop/grate small quantities of carrots , ginger , green chilli , etc. . Works good . Make sure you dont turn it on for more than 1 min. , else the chopper may burn out .
 This is a nice little chopper.Gave my old one to daughter.She loves it . I had the old one several years with no problems at all.As I said this is a small chopper.Think you will be happy with it .
 I love , love , love this . I purchased it a few weeks ago in anticipation of a recipe I wanted to make that called for cashews to be chopped extra fine -- they took the place of corn starch as a thickener . Before I got around to that recipe , I tried it on a few other small tasks . I expected to be disappointed or fairly neutral on the item , honestly , but ended up really impressed . It 's powerful and fast and clean up is so much easier than with a big food processor when all you want is to chop a couple things . It does an onion in a fraction of the time it would take me , and with a lot less tears . When it came time to do the cashews , they were made into a paste in less than a minute . My husband and my grandmother both said `` wow '' when they saw what short work it makes of the items and agree this is a great buy.It 's small and there would definitely come a time when it 'd be worth it to pull out the heavy machinery , but for small chopping tasks , this is a huge help !
 Really surprised that something this small could do such a good job . It pretty much turned an onion into mush in about 3 seconds . Used it to make some coney island sauce and it did a great job with the cooked ground beef . I was skeptical because of the price but this little monster is worth it for small jobs .
 I do n't know why I did ' t buy this sooner . I needed to get this to chopped small items for dropping into omelets that I love . And rather then taking out my super duper biggie , I can just do with this smaller one . I love onions in my omelet , but hate chopping them and this little chopper does the trick faster than my own little hands.Awesome . Hope it lasts a long time , but if it does n't it , I can always come back to Amazon and purchased another as they are inexpensive .
 I love garlic so much that I can consume tons a week , however my hands would get seriously irritated when chopping up garlic.Thus , I was looking for a solution to my problem . I needed a small food processor that would mince 2 heads of garlic at once into a very fine consistency . I reviewed and reviewed the details of so many mini food processors and finally decided for this one.I could not have made a better choice ! The product is simply excellent . I already have a big 12-cup food processor , but I needed a tiny one for small tasks such as garlic , nuts , herbs and the like . This little machine does wonders and it saved my hands from so much pain while keeping my obsession with garlic . It is powerful , easy to handle and wash , one does not have to do any assembly or anything , it pretty comes ready to use ; one only has to insert the blade and voila ! so easy to use ; perfect for me because I do not have the patience for complicated machinery .
 this mini processor works great!for chopping veggies , maaking home made hummis , chopping ice!SUPER easy to clean , cuts prep time by 75 % . njo more tears onion chopping !
 THIS IS SO EASY TO USE AND CLEAN . IT WORKS WELL AND I AM ARTHRITIC SO HAVING THIS INSTEAD OF A LARGER BLENDER IS A BLESSING.WELL WORTH THE MONEYBlack & Decker HC306 1-1/2 - Cup One-Touch Electric Chopper
 This is a handy little machine.I use it often and its easy toclean up .
 I love this food processor . It is great ! I use it to make small amounts of salsa and hummus . It is perfect ! It makes just the right amount . I highly recommend it .
 This little chopper is the perfect size for chopping items for a single meal . If you need to chop small quantities , this is perfect . I used to drag out my big processor for chopping a single onion and then would have to clean the whole unit . This is quick and clean up is easy .
 I received this as a gift because of my bad reaction to onions boy do I cry ! This little gadjet is fantastic , not only have I used it to chop onions but peppers tomatoes and jalopenos . Just the right size if you only need to chop a little , although sometimes I do chop more with it . Works great and I 've had it for a couple of years and use it quite a bit , no troubles with it . I love it !
 I bought this chopper for my brother who is currently at university . I 've never seen him cook prior to this . Since receiving this chopper , he keeps telling me how much he loves it , especially for chopping/mincing meat . So if you are a single person who does n't like cooking too much but wants to save some time , this might be the machine for you .
 This is my first experience with a chopper , so I do not expect it to do much else except chop . I am delighted to see that it makes a nice smoothie -LRB- non frozen -RRB- after an adjustment.I need something to do basic chopped veggies -LRB- onion , garlic -RRB- . The onions came out to a good consistency for adding to meatballs , and this is the consistency I need a chopper for . For garlic , I just ran the processor a bit more.For the smoothies , at first the banana was not well pureed . So I adjusted , the banana went in first followed by the other ingredients . This has worked out well.For me , this is much better than using the blender or processor , and much less to wash . I can now take the food processor and blender off of the top of the kitchen counter top and store them . I have this handy gadget to do the things I do everyday .
 I HAVE HAD MY FIRST FOOD CHOPPER FOR 15-20 YRS I LOVED IT . IT WAS EASY TO USE EASY TO CLEAN I COULD LEAVE IT OUT ON THE COUNTER AND IT WAS NOT IN MY WAY . I RECENTLY LOST IT IN A MOVE AND WENT RIGHT OUT AND REPLACED IT QUICKLY
 Very simple to use and take apart/clean . I bought this to use instead of a blender , and I can not be happier . Its small size is also ideal for storage .
 This little chopper does exactly what it 's supposed to do , and it does it very fast . You basically just plug it in and push a button . I will say that because of it 's small size , you need to cut the veggies or whatever into manageable chunks . You also need a deft touch on the button because this chopper works so fast you 'll have a veggie slush if you 're not careful . All in all , a great gadget for the price .
 I have used this chopper a few times already , and it works great ! It is so easy to use and the perfect size .
 I 've had this for sometime . It worked consistently very well before I cracked the plastic container . It handles my baking prep ingredients -LRB- nuts , grains -RRB- with ease . The only drawback - the container was too small . It worked quieter than the pricier cuisinart I replaced it with , and it is also smaller.Definitely a good buy for the price .
 First thing before you start complaining remember what you paid for this , i have seen manual choppers for a higher price.If you use something like this alot you should go for the larger machine , but if you only use it on Holidays like me this will do the job nicely.I cut up onions and celery for filling and it worked fine.It does not make a mess like the hand choppers do.I even overloaded it and the motor ground it up without any problem.It cleans up fast and easy and for the price you ca n't beat it .
 I had an old Black & Decker mini-chopper but it stopped working after many years of use . I loved it so much that I know I want a replacement right away . I thought I will just get the same one since the last one worked so well . Well , I have to admit before I placed my order , the reviews on Amazon freaked me out a bit as there were a good number of customers who did not like it . To be cautious , I checked out the other brands available but it appeared not one is truly ` perfect ' going by the reviews . So at the end I decided to go with the Black and Decker and tried my luck.I am happy to report that after a month or so of use , I think it works very well . The new one definitely chops better/faster -LRB- okay maybe my old one is really old ! -RRB- and the one-touch button is more sensitive than the old one so I can pulse it quite easily or just push it hard and let it do the work . Now I hope this one will last for a while .
 I do n't have the exact model shown in the picture but a very similar sized B&D chopper . I only use it occasionally if I do n't feel like chopping manually and if it 's a small enough amount that it 's not worth pulling out the full size food processor . Great for mincing onions or garlic and chopping nuts . It chops quickly and as long as you do n't overload it , it will chop evenly . I 've put the plastics -LRB- never the blade -RRB- in the dishwasher and it survives just fine . It 's a handy tool to keep around and it does n't take up much cabinet space .
 I use my chopper for making baby food . I toss in a little of what we 're having and this chopper blends it to the right consistency . I do n't expect it to last for more than a yr but for the price I do n't mind . Clean up is not too bad .
 Gave this as a gift to a health conscious friend who enjoys making her own food from scratch . Has enough power for anything to fit in a 1-1/2 cup food processor and has a great price .
 Bought this item mainly because i hate chopping onions and garlics . When I read the review , I thought I 'll give this a try . I have not regretted it since . I just love this chopper . I do plan on purchasing another for a second home .
 This is an excellent item owned one previously and wore it out . A have to own item for small jobs in the kitchen . Judy
 This is a one button chopper with you in complete control of the chopping for smaller jobs . Had one many years ago needed new one could not find in stores . Leave it to amazon to have it all . Great Gaget .
 This Black & Decker chopper is small so it fits anywhere . It 's very easy to use and even easier to clean . As I am cooking for 2 people it 's perfect for almost everything I need to chop or mix.Black & Decker HC306 1-1/2 Cup Chopper , White
 This thing works like a charm . Onions chopped in seconds . . This is a bachelor 's best friend or for people living alone . Cooking will no longer be a long chore . It cleans easily too . very compact easy to store . I would definitely recommend this product to everyone
 I 'll be buying this next week , but honestly I do n't need to . My 20 year old model still works like the day I bought it . I do n't use it every day , maybe only a few times a month , but still , 2 decades is a long time for a small appliance like this to still work perfectly ! I hope the new one lasts half as long !
 This was a good purchase . I ordered it in Nov ' 12 . After reading reviews on other choppers , I can say that this one is not awkward to use and chops fine or coarse . A reviewer of a different electric chopper complained that it did not chop carrots . I put this one to the test and used it to finely chop carrots for a carrot cake with no problem at all . It 's a solid little machine .
 Really handy for chopping garlic , onions , seranno peppers , carrots etc for making items like guacamole , salsa verdi when you do n't need to dirty up the whole food processor . This does so well for the veggies above and easy to clean.Great for any cook.Justin
 I started home canning again and I thought with time limit I have a chopper might assist with projects and expediate some . I have arthritis in several joints and trying items that might make in the kitchen easier
 Perfect for chopping items to include in salads -- greens , or chicken , tuna , etc. . I use it about 5 time per week .
 This is not the first time I have ordered this chopper . I have one of my own that I have used for countless years . I have bought at least two others for gifts . It is just the right size for quick jobs , easy to use , and holds up . Great for salad dressings and chopping nuts to onions for recipes .
 This was a gift because I love mine so much . So convenient , it stays on the counter like the coffee maker .
 Works great and especially for the price ! I use all the time . Can not put much in at a time , but easy to clean to put together . Safe as well !
 This works great when I do n't want to drag out the food processor . It cleans up easily and has plenty of power .
 I have had several different mini choppers , this one beats them all ! Very easy to use and clean . Motor does n't burn out like other choppers I have had . Great product !
 This is a good chopper for the price , the only negative thing was when you try to lock the chopper bowl to the processor it gets stuck sometimes . Otherwise , it gets the job done and the blade it sharp .
 I 've had my Black and Decker Chopper for about a year now , and have been totally pleased with my choice . It has held up well , and is still functioning perfectly . The size is so convenient . It chops any vegetable I put in it . It 's a breeze to clean . My favorite thing to do with it is to make fresh salsa ... as much or as little heat as YOU want , not like the salsa from the store shelf . Just put all the ingredients you like into the container and chop ! Not enough ? Just do it again ... it only takes a minute !
 It was very nice , however it was not as I thought , it was very small , the item is very usefull and handy
 The item was delivered as scheduled . Bringing the pieces together was very easy and fast . It is a small size , but I think it 's just as needed . However it makes quite some noise
 Lightweight and easy to clean , this is an excellent buy for the price.We have used it to chop everything from fruits to nuts and it has never failed to please .
 This little chopper is great for small jobs and when you are in a hurry ; I will buy another when needed .
 Works well and is very inexpensive . Do not hold the button down too long or it will totally pulverize your fruits and vegetables in seconds ! I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it is very loud .
 This is a great chopper . It really chops hard nuts very fine if you need it . Easy to clean . Does n't take up much room on the counter .
 I own an older version of this appliance , which I mainly use for chopping nuts , herbs and sometimes onions . It does a superb job on all these tasks . I like that you can readily control the operation with the pulse button . It 's so easy to clean . Best of all , it 's still kicking after * fifteen years * of use . I would buy another one in a heartbeat .
 I 've used this a handful of times and it 's always come through for me . It 's the perfect thing if you do n't want to bother chopping small bits of things . I also use it to chop up table foods for my little one . It delivers just the right consistency for this task .
 Yay it works !! You have to be careful when just chopping because you can easily turn a chop into a puree !! It 's easy to put together and easy to take apart and clean ! I love it ! A little loud , but that was expected - it 's chopping !
 I 've had my Black and Decker handi chopper for about 20 years . It still chops perfectly after all this time . I have a food processor but I always use my little handi choppper instead . It 's a excellent product .
 I bought this chopper because I wanted to be able to make homemade baby food . For that , this chopper works pretty well , with a couple of considerations . The first is that there is n't a seal between the bowl and the lid , which means that there 's some leakage if there 's any type of liquid in the food -LRB- even if it 's just a juicy type of fruit , like peaches -RRB- . The other thing is that this chopper does n't puree foods . I find that I 'm able to make foods that are similar in consistency to stage 2 or stage 3 foods you 'd get at the grocery store . A lot of it depends on what you 're chopping . Meats are harder to get smooth , while soft fruits -LRB- peaches , pears , etc. -RRB- break down better . The last thing to consider is that this chopper is loud . I never run it in the house while the baby is sleeping -LRB- which is when I make her food -RRB- . I actually make up the food , fill up the bowl , and then take it into the garage to do the actual chopping -LRB- my husband thought I was sawing in there the other day -RRB- . I have no idea , though , whether it 's any louder than any other chopper you 'd buy . All in all , I 'd buy it again because it works well for what I 'm using it for , and it was a really good price . In terms of using it for chopping regular adult food , I still think the lack of a seal is a drawback , as is the noise level , which is why I rated it as four stars instead of five .
 Right in the middle of my Christmas cookies , my older version of this chopper died ... I bought it in 1978 ! The little pulse button matched my ever so cool Tupperware orange canister set !! I have used this little guy for 29 years for everything from veggies , to nuts , to chocolate chips . It has been a faithful employee , I am so sad it has left me . I bought another one , I would suggest you invest in one too . I wonder if this one will last 29 years , however = -RRB-
 Does a great job for small garlic cloves or small onions or slices . Much easier to use this small processor than use the larger one when all one wants to do is to chop up some garlic . I have a large processor also by hamilton beach , but for the small job i use this one . Very easy to use . Very fast to clean . Nothing fancy but gets the small job done .
 I am extremely satisfied with the performance of this product . It has made the preparaion of some foods much easier . I would highly recommend this item to potential future purchasers .
 I have owned my Black & Decker 1.5 Handy Chopper for over 6 years and it is still just as reliable . Personally I find the larger prcessors intimidating because I do n't have a need to chop/mix large vats of things . On a typical recipe I may need to refill my chopper 1-4 times -LRB- cooking for 4 -RRB- . I love using my chopper , it speeds up the process of shredding , mincing , pureeing , or chopping . I commonly use it on green peppers , garlic , cheese , jalopenos , avacados , chicken/beef , and onions . The chopper and it 's components -LRB- lid & blade -RRB- are all dishwasher safe and it 's compact design allows for easy storage . The plastic bowl does show wear after time ; however , it is only effects it aestheticalllyThis little kitchen gadget is a kitchen must , a time-saver , and perhaps even a finger saver !!! I strongly recommend the purchased of this handy chopper for anyone who spends time in the kitchen .
 I have had this model for around 20 years and it still operates like new . I use it for everything from chopping nuts , cracker crumbs , eggs -LRB- chopping hard boiled and mixing scrambled -RRB- and anything else you might imagine.If mine ever wears out I will buy another one at once.This is the only product I have had for this long that still works as great as the day I purchased it .
 I love this chopper . I do n't really have room for a full size in my kitchen , so this mini version works great for me . It blew right through onions , peppers , frozen pecans , and even refrigerated bakers chocolate . Perfect for someone who is space limited or is a fledgling cook ! I use it almost every day !
 This food processor is great ! Its small and compact and perfect for chopping up small amounts of things . If you are looking for a 1-container chopper , this is n't what you want , but for small jobs with a coarse chop , this is just great ! Perfect for making salsa !!
 My friend had one of these , and I made sure to ask her exactly what kind hers was to get this one - and I 'm just as satisfied . It 's quick , easy , and very easy cleanup . I used it the first night to chop roasted almonds and it did a beautiful job effortlessly !
 PROSI use this almost daily . It 's the perfect size for little tasks in the kitchen.SIZE , EASY TO CLEAN AND DISHWASHER SAFE - In comparison to my big huge food processor , which takes up a lot of time to clean , this little chopper fits blade and all , right into the dishwasher and takes up very little space.EVENLY CHOPPED FOOD for ** SMALL ** JOBS - It produces evenly chopped garlic and fresh herbs . That 's about the sum of why it was purchased -LRB- since we use these all the time -RRB- . For nuts , or harder/larger items we use the Cuisinart Elite Collection 4-Cup Chopper/Grinder . This item has been reviwed to - excellent chopper.APPEARANCE - The one we have is black . It looks great on against the marbled black/brown granite counter and has a very small footprint.CONSLARGER ITEMS - This does n't chop as evenly with larger items such as nutsOverall I highly recommend it .
 Black and Decker ? fantastic brand , sound history . I 've used this to chop up raw carrots , onion and cuy meat . Veg is chopped up and ready for my soup pot in only 2-3 pulses . Superior blade and the safety lock must be engaged before it can begin to chop - so it saves fingers and lives.I only find tomatoes a problem in this chopper . If you try to pulse ONE time , maybe you 'll get chopped tomatoes , but more like slices . But if you end up pulsing more than 2 or 3 times to get diced tomatoes -LRB- like is shown in their picture -RRB- , you end up with sludge . For tomatoes , use a knife or get squidgy gloop , which can be successful in soups or sauces , but not for salsa .
 I love this little processor . I have a feeling I 'm going to burn this thing out , but for now , it 's working great . I 've only had it a short time but I 've already used it for : bean dip1c cooked or 1 can of beans of your choice -LRB- 1/2 can at a time , add it all together in the end to process a final time -RRB- , salt/pepper to taste , lemon , a little water , a little oil , buzz to desired consistencymini pizza dough1c flour , 1/4 - 1/2c + / - water , 1/4 packet yeast , dash of salt , buzz just until it comes together , let it rest , then shape into a mini dough , add your pizza fixins as desired , bake 350 until desired donenessfresh tomato saucechopped onions , cut up tomato -LRB- I used 2 tomatoes , in 2 batches -RRB- , oregano , pepper , buzz until almost smooth , and either nuke for 4-5 min -LRB- add a little wine at the end -RRB- or cook on the stove for about 15-20 min -LRB- add a little wine at the end -RRB- . I made the sauce to go with eggs over noodles , it was great!I have parakeets and I 've used this to chop celery , carrots , red cabbage , and romaine lettuce for them , and for myself to add to soups -LRB- add it to any soup I 'm microwaving to make it more veggie-rich or to the Dr. McDougall 's soups after I 've nuked the veggies for a min . to make them a little more hearty for dinner -RRB- This little gadget is super easy to clean , just hot soapy water and quick wipe with a sponge . Be extra careful with that blade because it 's really sharp.I wish the directions were more clear about how long you can hold the button down . It says 5-second bursts but it does n't say if that 's the max at a time so for now , I 'm trying to keep it to that . Everything I 've made so far has been very quick , and it would have taken me much longer , and much more effort had I done it all by hand . This chopper made it fun . I have a 7-cup processor but I hate taking it out . Unlike this one , that one does n't have a safety feature so I worry a lot when using it . This 1-cup processor wo n't work unless you 've clicked it into place properly . And there 's just one button to push to get it going.Quick , easy , fun , my kind of gadget .
 This Black & Decker chopper/mincer although small provides an excellent service for us . Perhaps we are easily satisfied because of the size of our hosehold , there are only two of us but we have no complaints about the efficiency and effectivenessBlack & Decker HC306 1-1/2 - Cup One-Touch Electric Chopperof this purchase .
 This great little gadget makes choppin easy and fun . A great time saver with a minimum mess very easy and quick to clean up.Black & Decker HC306 1-1/2 - Cup One-Touch Electric Chopper
 We had a previous chopper that broke with similar price , this one is not as good but still does the job well for the price .
 this is more than worth it for the price and the small amount of cabinet space it takes up . perfect for small chopping jobs and little mess to clean up . i have a bit of trouble with the locking the cup and lid into place occasionally , but still an appliance i use frequently .
 This little chopper is just exactly what I was needing . It is small , easy to clean , and does an excellent job of chopping , and mincing . It is not complicated , in fact it has only one little button .
 This food chopper made be small but it is excellent ! Compact but powerful , easy to use , easy to clean . I have a full size food processor and this is a great addition for smaller jobs . I love it and highly recommend this product ! You wo n't be sorry !
 This is great for chopping onions , tomatoes , green peppers . Its small and simple to use . Definitely a great product for under $ 15.00
 ANOTHER OUTSTANDING PRODUCT FROM BLACK AND DECKER ! THE SLEEPER . MOST PEOPLE BUY THE DO IT ALL UNITS FOR HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS , THIS LITTLE POWER HOUSE DOES THE SAME THING FOR HUNDREDS OF PENNYS . I HAVE USED ONE FOR 22 YEARS , AND LOVED EVERY TIME I TOOK IT OUT . EASY TO USE , EASY TO CLEAN AND EASY TO STORE . I HAD THE ORIGINAL HC20 ONE CUP BABY , WORKED PERFECT UNTIL I GOT THE WISE IDEA TO MAKE CHOCOLATE PEPPERMENT CANDY . RECEIPE CALLED FOR STICKING THE HARD CANDY IN A BLENDER AND MAKING A POWDER . I DID N'T WANT TO PULL OUT THE 100 POUNDER MY WIFE USES AND TOOK MY LITTLE JEWEL OUT . WRONG ! THE CANDY BROKE THE PLASTIC INSIDE THE CONTAINER . I WAS SICK , STILL AM BUT I AM SLOWLY GETTING BETTER , AFTER 3 MONTHS . I USED A HAMMER ON THE CANDY , AND IF I COULD HAVE GOTTEN TO THE WRITER OF THE RECIPE I WOULD HAVE DONE THE SAME TO HER . SHOULD HAVE DONE THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE -LRB- USED THE HAMMER ON THE CANDY -RRB- . FOUND ONE ON EBAY -LRB- HC20 -RRB- , BUT THOUGHT I WOULD STEP IT UP BY 1/2 CUP AND GO FOR THE NEWER MODEL FROM AMAZON . DO N'T DELAY , GET YOURS TODAY ! YOU WILL LOVE IT . DO LIKE ME AND BUY TWO , WILL PREVENT DEPRESSION IN CASE YOU DESTROY ONE WITH HARD CANDY .
 Black & Decker ChopperI gave it a 5 Star rating because it was just what I wanted . It was packed good and arrived when I expected it to .
 Do n't have to take my Cuisinart down for chopping - this handy helper speeds up my food prep .
 This was purchased as a gift for my son who lives in NYC . He loves to cook , so this really speeds up his preparation process . He called to say that he really likes the chopper , especially for onions .
 Does exactly what it 's supposed to . Small and does n't take up much room and plenty powerful enough to get the job done . Combine that with a good price and it 's a worthwhile purchase if you need an appliance like this .
 The order arrived quickly . It was n't in a package so that kind of spoiled the surprise . It just came with a label attached on it . It is very small , but usable .
 I bought this Black & Decker HC306 1-1/2 - Cup One-Touch Electric Chopper for my wife . It is a small chopper . Easy to wash , store .
 Great product . Extremely handy in the kitchen -LRB- even just for something small like chopping garlic -RRB- . Plus , can put in the dishwasher so overalls very much worth the price .
 I bought one recently to replace the one my daughter broke accidentally . Not an issue of quality by the way.This is a good product . However it does not chop the nuts equally ... depending on what you are using it for that may not matter . I do n't mind most of the time.Although , Grandma has taught me to use the old fashioned hand crank one when needed : -RRB-
 Works like a charm ! I highly recommend it to anyone . It is very handy for those small chopping tasks in the kitchen .
 so far this machine is going good . bought almost a month back.It chops the food quite well -LRB- It 's better then slywania . I used slywania one as well . -RRB-
 my wife loves this chopper . she makes a lot of home made soup which reqires a lot of vegetables being chopped . this is a very fast way of doing that . she is 77 years old and this is a very easy way for her to make her soup .
 Perfect for salsa and you can make smoothies too !!!! I use it all the time when making salsa and now my husband has started using it to make protein smoothies . My son loves to cook with me so this product makes that fun
 This is the second black and decker mini chopper that i have owned.I used it so much that the cutting blade turned dull.It lasted for years thats why i purchased a new one.I highly recommend this mini chopper .
 Works like a charm ! I have to quarter an onion in order to chop it into tiny pieces but it is well worth it . Dices an onion to a puree finish rather than chopped finish . But from the experience I have had with these ... this is how it `` chops '' .
 great little machine , does the job and you do n't need all the bells and whistles . the only thing is it can be loud for some . but it 's just fine for me . and you ca n't beat the price . . thanks black and decker .
 I do n't cook much but when I do , I hate having to chop everything and this little guy is a big help in the kitchen .
 Excellent chopper!I use it all the time to finely grind up browned ground beef for tacos . Best tacos ever :-RRB- It also works well for browned sausage to make really excellent sausage gravy for biscuits.I 've made the included salsa recipe and I thought it was pretty excellent . Freshly made is really quite good . As expensive as tomatoes are these days I would n't call it economical but for flavor and no added chemicals it ca n't be beat.I 've had mine for 4 or 5 years now . I do n't use it frequently but it still is in great shape with no signs of breaking anytime soon . I liked it so much I got one for my GF . She has used it much more often than I 've used mine and it is still in great shape just like mine . She uses it often for chopping up onions and she likes the results.One thing that bugs me a little bit is this
 I -LRB- and I think everyone else -RRB- dislike chopping garlic and onions and this little machine really makes short work of the task . At first I was skeptical about the blades in this machine because they were n't serrated like my much largerBlack & Decker FP2510S 10-Cup 500-Watt Wide-Mouth Food Processorbut , instead were very smooth . So I quartered an onion and tried it out in this chopper and a few pulses later I had a perfectly chopped onion . This is an ideal little machine , it is inexpensive , light in construction , does exactly what it is supposed to and does n't take up too much space in my tiny kitchen .
 Nice HANDY product to have in every kitchen . Works great and speeds up the job -LRB- I did everything by hand before -RRB- You have to make sure everything is on tight our it will not work - it is a safety feature ; but when it first happened to me - I thought it was broke . If you press the button and nothing happens ... check everything out -- could be operator error .
 If you are a single person or do n't do all that much sophisticated chopping this is ideal . If you want a bunch of controls for a variety of chop styles then this is not for you . Controlling the time of chop by learning to pulse the chop button does the trick for most items . Simple , easy to use for most people . The only negative I have is cleaning , WATCH OUT ! those little wings on the chopper are sharp . Overall , a good rating and if it holds up -LRB- I just got mine about a month ago -RRB- it is well worth the price . Quick chop on onions , peppers and ham slice for western omlet is just the thing .
 This Black and Decker one touch electric chopper is great . It 's a replacment for my old one that I wore out after using it for 15 years . This works well , just have to get used to the newer -LRB- smaller push button -RRB- on it compared to larger buttom on older model . Does a great job on chopped nuts , even carrots and grains . I 'm pleased with it . Takes up little space in my cabinets . Very rarely have a need for a large food processor . This does the job for me .
 This little chopper works very well . However I had an older version -LRB- a 1 cup model -RRB- that is much better built . But for the price this newer one is just fine .
 It does a nice job of chopping up my veggies , but sometimes the size it chops to is too fine for when you want a thicker cut . Otherwise , it 's a very good product .
 I 'm all about price and quality , and the cheaper that I can pay for good quality , the happier I am , and this product made me happy . For $ 15 it 's a good chopper , it 's chops fast , chunky pieces , the only down fall is that it does n't really puree . But I guess you 'll need a juicer for that .
 Cuts onions into various sizes depending on your setting . Saves a lot of effort . Has been a month since I bought and it has been great thus far .
 This chopper is perfect for my needs . It is small , so it does n't take up much counter space . It is easy to clean . Most of all , it chops the veggies to a usable consistency .
 Great for small vegetable chopping jobs like for a quick salad and such . I love it , it works well for me .
 The little size of this chopper is what makes it so perfect . Its compact size makes it easy to store . Because it is easy to clean , it will be used frequently for small chopping jobs . It is NOT a powerhorse , but it is perfectly acceptable for the size and the very reasonable price .
 Perfect little chopper for the small stuff I use to use a knife for ! Easy to clean & takes up very little space on the counter I use it everyday . Great for chopping left overs for my Rottweiler who can pull tiny pieces of food from his kibble , not any more ! Salsas are a breeze in this no more onion chopping ! Anyone who has problems with arthritis & holding a knife will love this !
 I bought this as a gift . but I have one of my own . I use it all the time . My sister was excited to try it . she hasn , t used it yet , as I do most of the cooking . makes a great gift .
 The first one came with a broken lid . After many thousands of dollars of Amazon purchases this was my first return . The process was perfection and when the second one arrived it worked like a champ . I got the bright idea of making my own bread crumbs and decided to try this out on some dried bread . Perfection however if you plan to chop a lot at once get a larger model . I live alone and cook for myself so this one is perfect for my purposes . Kudos to the chopper and to Amazon as they even refunded the shipping costs to return the first one .
 this is a very good product , chops really well and chops almost everything . very essential product in the kitchen . its almost 6 months we have purchased it and it works awesome .
 Do n't be fooled by its size . Its a small chopper but works grand . I was skeptical at first , right after placing 11/2 onions and 5 heads of garlic , 5 branches celery , one whole tomato , 2 branches thyme , 1/2 bell pepper , and 4 seasoning peppers , it chopped like a pro . The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of its size . All in all a very good purchase
 This order was purchased as a Christmas gift and shipped to the new owner . I am sure it will be just perfect .
 A friend has one and once I saw how easy it was to mix up chicken salad and tuna and deviled eggs , I was hooked . Love mine as much as she loves her 's .
 I love it ! Exactly the right size.Perfect for those small tasks when a food processor is too much which is almost always . This one replaced one that is so old we ca n't even carbon date it , and that 's pretty old .
 We have used our electric chopper for about 10 years . It 's great ! We bought latest one to give as a gift .
 I have a larger chopper , but it will not chop small amounts . That 's why I bought this one , and it 's amazing how many times I 've used it ! Wonderful !
 We love our chopper !! Anything to make less time in the kitchen with little kids running helps the product works great and the price is super reasonable . It helps make my salads , pastas and quesadillas with great size vegetables !
 I 've had one of these for 10 + years . The old one finally died and I ordered a new one . Works just as well as the old one . They 're great for small projects that do n't require a full sized machine .
 Bought this for my daughter overseas . Delivery was perfect . The product is just the right size for countertop . It has a small footprint , does n't take up space and is easy to clean and just perfect for making baby foods from fresh produce . Love this .
 My wife and I received this little kitchen helper as an anniversary gift from some friends of ours . I really did n't know how effective it would be until actually using it . It 's designed only for small jobs . As shown in the picture , items are chopped pretty much uniformly . If you want a finer chop , leave the items in the unit for a longer period during the chopping process.This device is effective for those who do n't want to take the time to manually cut items . It only holds 1-1/2 cups , so do n't expect allot from it , but if you have arthritis or are not so handy with a knife and would like a quick assistant , this might be a handy addition to your kitchen.The design is straightforward . You have a blade that slips over a post inside the plastic chopping canister . You insert the blade in the canister , add your food , and then place the top over the canister . To chop , you push the gray button in the picture . To clean you remove the top , blade , and canister and wash in warm water with soap -- done!It 's very easy to use and great for a single person or a couple , like us . I use it when making spaghetti sauce and salads . It 's pretty small , so sometimes I elect to just manually hand cut my items when making small portions . It really depends what I 'm making.While the price is very reasonable , it may not be the cheapest product of its kind . At the time of this writing , Amazon is selling a similar unit from a competitive manufacturer for about $ 5 cheaper . Research it first before buying . These units are very simple to manufacture and the unit cost is very low , so it 's a cost effective item for both the consumer and manufacturer.Bon app&eacute;tit !
 This is a great product for chopping anything and it saves my hands from slap chopping . I use a lot of pecans , walnuts and vegetables . This chopper works in a matter of seconds with very little cleanup . I would recommend it to anyone who has arthritis or problems using their hands .
 I just purchased this chopper because my food processor quit on me !! I must say I love the smaller `` mess '' to clean up with this after chopping an onion ! I think it worked wonderfully .
 i bought this as a gift for my mom for christmas -LRB- my husband and I put one on our wedding registry and she loved it and wanted one too -RRB- . She said it works great and she loves to use it . Great buy for the price I paid !
 We originally got a similar one for a wedding present 21 years ago . This past Christmas , it died , and my wife was in the middle of crushing up nuts for cookies.We got this one because of the similar size of our old one . The power in this chopper is great ! The blades are strong enough to basically handle anything you can throw at it -LRB- well , maybe not nuts and bolts ... but food items ! -RRB- Nice , small , and does what you need it to do . No need to pull out the big food processor , and put the blade that is needed into it . Just plug in , open up , pour your nuts -LRB- or tomatoes , or cukes , or whatever -RRB- , close the lid , and hit the button . In a half second or so , it is chopped up nicely !! Plus , dishwasher safe is a winner in my corner . My fat fingers can not reach into those small spaces to dry it !
 I loved this chopper , it is very easy to operate and taking it apart for cleaning there is no problem .
 I got this as a gift from my mother when I moved to my first apartment away from home . She already had one , and loved it . I use mine quite frequently , and makes quick work of dicing onions and peppers for philly steaks or burgers . My brother and father have also since purchased these units . I have had mine going on 5 years now , not a problem with it . great value , good gift for cooks for one or two , who do not need a huge unit to chop stuff .
 This is my second little chopper from Black and Decker . The first one chopped away for years doing everything from coffee beans to onions to nuts without a murmur of complaint . It was only after donkey years that I noticed one day that poor thing had become a merry-go-round for food , and concluded that no matter how much the food was enjoying the ride , its time had come , to go . Even so I kept it in the top closet of the kitchen for awhile just out of respect . I got a large clunky `` Food Processor '' that required moving things to get to and a jet engine mechanic to clean . It stayed in the cupboards between major holidays.Then I saw this one again and said , `` I have Amazon Prime and I 'm getting this ! '' -LRB- any excuse in a storm . -RRB- It arrived , I started chopping and guess what ? It is every bit as good and maybe better than the one I retired!I love this machine . It can be top shelf dishwasher cleaned-but I do n't wash stuff like this in the dishwasher-especially blades-your bladed things will last much longer if done by hand , dried immediately and put away.I do n't have any cons for this chopper-it is one of those things that does not need to be changed . The size is right , the blades are sharp the power is perfect and it really does the job . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
 I 've been looking for something like this for years . I used it at a friends house and immediately came home and ordered one . Hers is about ten years old she says . I have a rub/marinade recipe that is made up in a small batch and uses fresh rosemary garlic and mustard and a bit of olive oil , and its not enough for a stick blender , regular blender , or a regular food processor , but this works like a charm ! It 's a beautiful thing .
 This little chopper does wonders . It chops nuts and veggies like a much bigger chopper . It 's super sturdy . I keep all of my walnuts etc. in the freezer to keep them fresh and this chopper chops the frozen nuts wonderfully . I was leary at first , hanging on to my old crank nut chopper handed down from my husbands mother . It did n't take me long to toss the old one away . I just love this chopper and use it for all my cooking needs . A wonderful purchase at a wonderful price .
 I 've owned this product for over 2 years now and have found the following to be true .1 . An excellent kitchen tool for chopping walnuts , almonds , pecans , etc. . . , as long as you do n't plan on using it more than 10 times in a row , as the little motor can overheat . Just give it a small rest and you 'll not have problems . I use it for my holiday baking -LRB- making many batches of cookies with chopped nuts in them ... -RRB- without a problem .2 . Great chopping tool of onions - so ` no more tears ' here ! 3 . The product works fast , so if you want a coarse chop , a couple pulses of the button should do it .4 . Very easy to put together and use .5 . Just as easy to disassemble and clean .6 . If the container is not seated properly in the locked position , the chopper will not work . The button will not depress , which means ` try it again ' .7 . Sometimes items get stuck under the blades and do not get chopped up , so a readjustment of the contents of the container and another quick pulse or two of the machine is needed for complete chopping to occur.An inexpensive kitchen tool I go back to again and again throughout the year . I like mine and recommend it to others .
 I love my Black & Decker chopper . It is small and convenient and you do not have to pull out a bulky appliance . I use this small chopper for most of my cooking . It is perfect for onions , breadcrumbs , and other items that you may need daily . I would be careful with hard cheeses and make sure that you cut them into smaller sizes . Best of all , it is dishwasher safe . It is a regular in my kitchen .
 This chopper works well with shrimp , tomato and other materials . But it can not chop vegatables with much fiber . It can not chop some hard materials like gristle . Also the machine is very hot after long time working . Anyway it is a qualified chopper in this price .
 I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCTS . IT IS ALL AND MORE THAT I WASEXPECTING . I USE IT EVERY TIME I DO COOKING . CUBAN COOKING ALWAYSHAVE A LOT OF CHOPPED GARLIC , ONION , GREEN PEPPER , PIMENTO AND TOMATOES , SO IT COMES VERY HANDY EVERY SINGLE DAY . IT IS A WONDERFULL GADGET.THANKS
 I use this almost daily in my kitchen . Indian cooking involves cooking with onions , tomatoes , chillies , garlic , cilantro etc. , and this comes in very handy all the time . Now I do n't have to worry about trying to finely chop my onions or tomatoes , the chopper does it for me . God knows how many times I cut my finger chopping onions . No more cuts or tears . Thanks to my little friend !!!
 I live alone and needed a food processor . This is the perfect ssize for one person and gets the job done . Great price for a great appliance .
 Nice and convenient for the lazy people who get tired of cutting onions . . Very convenient , fast and reliable.The only downside - doesnt work on 220V -LRB- I travel a lot and prefer taking this along -RRB-
 Just the right size for single servings or chopping ingredients for cooking . The only problem is u have to hold a temperamental activator button down while chopping . My previous one had an activator button that stayed engaged without holding it down . But all in all a great product for the price !
 I think this little chopper will be fine to replace my 20 plus year old Krups Mini Chopper . The first time I used the Black & Decker chopper I had a little trouble lining up everything to allow the pulsing action , but I think that will become easier the more I use the chopper . The size is right for my needs ; I use a mini chopper much more than I use a full-size food processor .
 I work at a fire dept , so as we are known for I am always cooking . This makes cutting vegetables so easy . Within seconds you can have them cut . I ca n't believe I did n't buy one of these sooner .
 It gives all the pleasure to cook in a minute!Well let me explain it : Advantages :1 . easy 2 use2 . Handy3 . perfectly chops4 . easy to clean5 . till now no problem .6 . Price from amazon is really great.Disadvantage :1 . Bit small -LRB- though its 1/2 cup as advertised -RRB- 2 . Sometimes it becomes very difficult to adjust and keep the lower base in proper place in order to operate the system .3 . Probably from design perspective the architecture could have been bit different in order to club the clamps.But in short it is 5 out of 5 .
 This is a great tool to have around the kitchen . It is easy and safe to operate and does a thorogh job dicing and chopping . I particularly appreciate the ease with which it can be cleaned and stored . I have purchased one for myself and have given two as gifts .
 i use this handy guy for making baby food for my daughter , health drinks etc. long story short ... i love it !!!
 This little chopper is very handy in the kitchen . Perfect for someone that is starting out and that cooks in small quantities .
 This is a great little kitchen helper . It saves your having to take out and wash up a large processor for smaller quantites to be chopped . I must say , however , that this newer version is not as well constructed as its predecessor !!!
 The chopper works great and also purifies very good which is why I needed it.Great price also.Thank you !!!!
 Even though it is small , it is quite handy . It works well and is perfect for a single person or small family .
 My mom really likes this food processor . It is smaller than I thought it would be , but it works very well . My mom is always cooking for at least 7 people , but she simply puts in just one kind of vegetable at a time . It 's easy to take a part to clean or to dump vegetables into the next step of a recipe . I ca n't wait until we can use it in the summer to make salsa !
 This is the worst service I have ever received . After waiting more than a week for my product to arrive , I inquired as to the shipping schedule . I never received a response from the seller until I received notification that my money had been refunded . I do not appreciate this trifling with my time . Do not offer items for sale if you have no intention of delivery .
 I was just needing some sturdy , basic , 1 prong hooks . I could n't believe how hard they were to come by since I needed them to be short in length to hang a storage device on my closet door . These were inexpensive and very sturdy !
 I have one of these that I picked up a while ago to carry in my purse . It is sooo handy ! I use it every time I go to use a public restroom that does n't have a coat/purse hook and you can hang your purse on the back of the movie theater seat in front of you -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . Also , I find that it comes in handy when out and about . A club I was at with several of my girls had a partial glass wall around the dance floor . I just put the hook on the top of the glass wall and hung my purse , my coat and another girl 's purse in sight while we danced . Well worth the price . I need to go ahead and get another in case I loose mine .
 With a correctly ground bean and proper tamping in the portafilter , this machine can produce very smooth espresso . Depending on the bean , the carmel or smokey spice will come right through . It is like drinking fine chocolate rather than bitter swill.The Good : - it is possible to pull great shots of espresso from this machine . - operation of the machine is easy -LRB- caveat below -RRB- once you get the simple procedure down to prime the pump before use and bleed off the steam pressure before removing the portafilter to empty the used grinds -LRB- both common issues on mid-range , quality machines -RRB- . - the portafilter assembly is sturdy and of a professional design , so learning to tamp and pull shots on this machine means you are set to use even the highest-end espresso machines - holds enough water to make three or four lattes in a row , and it is easy to re-fillThe Bad : - the steaming wand -LRB- for frothing milk -RRB- does not have enough vertical clearance , so removing a pitcher of steamed milk is tricky and messy unless the machine can be placed at the edge of a counter -LRB- right side -RRB- . The wand really needs to be more articulated and repositioned higher on the machine . - the `` turbo frother '' attachment is terrible , but the steam wand is too short to use without it . I learned to steam milk on a commercial-style machine , and the turbo frother attachment tries to simplify the frothing process , but the result is that you lose most of your control . It will make fluffy cappuccino foam , but latte foam should be thick and creamy and is very difficult to coax out of this machine . - the plastic body is not nearly as durable as the actual internals , but that is probably a better trade-off to meet the price point.If this machine cost more than $ 200 , I would give it 3 stars due to the steam wand problems . Given the price and quality of espresso it is capable of making , I think 4 stars is fair . For $ 200 I do n't expect it to be a Pasquinni.BTW , I lived in Seattle for a very long time . When I complain about the quality of foam for a latte , it is partially because foam of that quality is necessary to make coffee art . If you have no such expectations , the turbo frother will probably not bother you at all . The position of the steam wand is a general problem that will affect all who use the machine.I also use the Gaggia MDF grinder , which I am happy with and grinds a fine bean .
 Just received the machine . I have n't had any prior experiencewith espresso makers . Made a good shot on the second try ! , thanks to the enclosed CD of instructions . Appliance is of good quality and the boiler for additional shots reheats quickly . I like the `` ready light '' function on the brew switch .
 I was very anxious about choosing the wrong espresso machine , as this was a large luxury purchace for me . Last year -LRB- after reading dozens or reviews -RRB- I choose this Gaggia and have been extremly pleased with it . I ca n't stress how important it truly is to get a good burr grinder to go along with it , the quality of my shots went up enormously . I started out getting the coffe bar down the street grind my Stumptown beans , but it was tricky working with the barista to get the grind just right . Once that was down I noticed my espresso tasted much better the day the beans were ground , so I was constantly running back and forth chasing the perfect shot . After a few weeks I brooke down and bought an economy grinder -LRB- Leilo -RRB- . To my dismay , you apparently ca n't skimp on a grinder and expect a good espresso grind . I exchanged it for the more expensive Capresso and my shots are now always great . The complaint the other reviewers had about the frothing wand is 100 % accurate , it is way to short and awkward . My husband bought me one of those hand-held frothing wands to make lattes , and suprisingly it actually works pretty darn well . I too agree that the quality of espresso more than makes up for this machines steaming drawback .
 Makes great cups , either with ground or pod coffee -LRB- Illy -RRB- . Follow easy instructions provided by cd . I have been using it for about two months and it works perfect .
 This Gaggia is awesome . Love it ! Happy it had the cdrom for easy to follow instructions . Following my Krups steam driven machine , I decided to upgrade ; I did a little research and decided on this . Now , I 'm back to 2 lattes a day ! Love the pod system , no mess . Great machine for a great price !
 This is my first pump machine after using a Krups steam machine for 16 years . As many other comments have noted , there 's a huge and worthwhile difference between steam and pump . This machine was very easy to get used to , and the enclosed CD-ROM was excellent . The frother works fine . It 's at the lower end of the price range , so time will tell how it holds up .
 I am Italian and if I tell you that this is a very very good espresso machine you must believe me ! If you are not familiaron how to make an espresso , read the instruction -LRB- which are very clear and usefull -RRB- and you will be a master on the art of making espresso .
 Great side table , arrived with all parts with no damage . Just wish the open side shelves were adjustable in heigth .
 The bear wood stove top steamer has made our winters much less `` shocking . '' Before adding humidity via this attractive steamer we could n't pet the cat or turn on an appliance without causing a `` spark '' of static electricity . This product does exactly what I purchased it for , and looks good on my black wood-stove . I thought the water would last longer because of the size of the steamer , but when the fire is going full tilt , the bear needs quite a bit of refreshing . IF you burn your stove while you are away , you might want to put the steamer on a cooler part of the stove , if you have one , or remove it to avoid damaging the glaze on the interior .
 I bought some fingerboard tapes that also include felt `` position '' markers . This poster shows you what the 4 positions are . Now I know where to put the felt pads . Also includes a quick key signature reference . Ca n't really go wrong . It deserves a place on my wall .
 For someone who does n't have a teacher , it shows the basics and any questions it brings up , can always be looked up on the search engines or youtube .
 Nice quality poster but it came with cracks/fold lines . It could use better care before arriving and/or better lamination . I also have a hard time getting it to stick on my wall without creating even more lines on it.I got this poster when I started the violin and it was a great practice aid in the beginning . As you learn more and more , you will outgrow it but it 's still a great reference as it has a bit of everything . As another poster indicated , it 's a bit busy and I 'd prefer small posters with more focused information .
 I love the poster , it was everything promised and came promptly . I am very happy with the product and service .
 I purchased this to remind me of what was what on a violin , havent played in 25 yrs . It was an excelent reminder
 This chart is so helpful for the beginner ... I is a big chart and attractive enough that I placed it on the wall in front of where I practice each day . I recommend it to all who are beginners learning the violin .
 I bought a violin for a friends daughter and got this nice wall chart to go with the gift . It is of high quality . I like it .
 This wall chart has most everything needed to learn how to properly play the violin and help learn to read sheet music .
 I like this chart . Looks nice on my wall . It is helpful , but I wish some things were bigger and less crowded .
 This chart would be a great addition to teachers room and an easy way to learn . It is pretty big which I did n't know when I first bought it since I thought it was a little chart . It has the parts of the violin along with notes and fingerboard notes as well . I used this to learn and I am just beginner and picked up on it easily so I know it would be a great addition to a teacher .
 This chart is very clear and simple to understand , perfect for students learning fingering on their violin . It is helpful to my young son whom is learning Violin . Nice quality , thick , and suitable for framing .
 This has been a great addition to my teaching studio . It is easy to quickly refer to and point out -LRB- yes , I use my bow as a pointer -RRB- with students . Mel Bay does provide some wonderful teaching tools . ThankYou
 This wall chart is much larger than I expected which made finding a spot on my wall to put it a bit of a problem . It is great for showing the parts and names of the violin and the bow , but I was hoping for a chart that addressed itself more to the actual location on each string of all the notes . Yes they are there , but the violin is placed horizontally on the chart - I would find it easier for me to find my notes if the violin was placed vertically on the chart . Yes , I could hang the chart differently and I may have to do that . Also , there is other information on the chart , that , for me as a novice violinist , is not adequately explained as to meaning . I will have to take the chart to my instructor and have it explained . I do n't want to discourage you from buying it . It is a good visual aid , I just think that with some thought it could be improved .
 The fingering chart has helped learning and playing my violin a fun and easy experience . A bit confusing at first , but was soon able to understand.Very easy to use .
 This arrived in a timely manner . My daughter says it is a great help and is compelling her to practice more often and for longer periods .
 Perfect for the beginning violin student ! My children are getting the most out of it .
 Nice poster for a violin teachers room . It would make a nice chart for beginners . Really everything on the chart is in your beginning books , but stuck up on the wall , it can help teach the students . This is a full sized poster , not a little chart .
 There 's a lesson in this review
 After serving a tour with the USCG in southern Italy , I fell in love with the Italian style of espresso and cappuccino . As I left , I purchased several bags of their cafe ' , to take that taste with me . I bought a small , very inexpensive espresso maker and was very displeased with the whole thing . After about 5 years , I finally purchased a real machine . The Gaggia Coffee . I thought at first , I was kinda throwing my money out the window , but after receiving it , the ease of use , the perfection of the frothing is as easy as the cheaper models at a better job ! The pump assures a perfect crema -LRB- the froth on the top of your cafe ' -RRB- and the taste is just as I walked in an espresso bar in Sellia Marina ! Just the best ! No extra grinders to go wrong , you dont need them . This is just simple works with the power of a cafe ' style machine ! It holds enough water for 25 or so demitasse size cups , so you dont have to fiddle with water ! I 'm so proud of my machine !
 I 've been using this machine for a good month now , and I 'm very happy with it . While I 'm no stranger to espresso , having spent many dollars at my local coffee houses , this is my first home espresso machine.It only took me a few attempts to get decent espresso , and not much more to get the hang of steaming / frothing the milk -LRB- not sure about the frother attachment , it does ok , but I 'm sure purists would tell me to replace the wand with a high end one -RRB- . If you want real espresso , you ca n't find a better starter machine . Most of the cheaper models are `` steam '' machines , resulting in strong coffee that reminds you of espresso , but not real espresso . This one is solidly built , has a brass grouphead and portafilter , and a strong pump . The boiler is aluminum , but this can be an advantage as it heats fairly quickly . I usually turn it on before I take a shower , and it is nicely heated up when I return . If you do n't like waiting , after about 5 minutes you can pull a couple blank shots through , which should ensure everything is heated well enough to make an espresso.One safety comment , be very careful with the metal drip tray when cleaning it . When unpacking my machine there was a lot of adhesive goo on the drip tray so I went to the sink to scrub it off . As it turns out , the edges on the tray are rather sharp and I cut my finger on it . Since then I 've been a bit more careful with it and have n't had any issues , but normally all it takes is a quick rinse of the tray and plastic tub underneath it to get it fairly clean .
 my husband and i bought this espresso machine to save money rather than going to a coffee shop every morning . we had never actually made our own espresso before . I have a latte every morning and my husband an americano . The Gaggia Coffee Espresso machine is easy to use . After a couple of tries , our drinks tastes just like our local coffee shop . Importantly we use the Capresso 560 Infinity Burr Grinder to grind our beans fresh -LRB- we also recommend buying this -RRB- . The Gaggia heats up quickly , produces rich , dark espresso with ample crema , and we have no problem frothing milk . The drip tray is quite big which is more important than you might realize . We 've even retired our tea pot and use the Gaggia to make hot water for tea . The only draw back i can think of is the height of the frothing arm -LRB- it 's a little low and we need to have the machine near the edge of the counter in order to fit a 2 cup measuring cup underneath to steam milk in -RRB- , but this seems to be a problem on every espresso machine . Overall we are extremely pleased .
 This is great ! I love urban art it is so true to life today ! I have bought many prints and am never dissatisfied !
 OK - the negative reviews on this are pretty out there ; they are either complaining about non-existant issues -LRB- um , 1 star from someone who did n't even BUY it ? Becuase it supposedly does n't come in 110 ? That 's wacky -RRB- , or have the wrong expectations of what this machine will do . The bottom line on this espresso maker is that it has the guts of their more expensive models -LRB- minus the 3 way solenoid , which has NO effect on how espresso is made -RRB- and IF you know what you are doing can make espresso as well as pretty much any model out there.To over-simplify , espresso makers come with one of 2 basic types of portafilter -LRB- that 's the thing with the handle you put the espresso grounds in -RRB- . Pressurized or non-pressurized . The former basically pulls the same shots no matter what you do , as long as your beans are fresh and your grinder is good . The latter requires a bit more art and science . The tamp -LRB- compacting the grinds into the portafilter -RRB- is critical , and you can vary the way the shot is pulled with different grind size , tamp preassure and tamper type . This , while harder to do consistently , is the only way to properly hunt the elusive `` God Shot '' . So - onto this machine
 The Gaggia Espresso shares the same quality pump mechanism and commercial portafilter as its siblings -LRB- Classic , Baby , Coffee -RRB- , but is made affordable -LRB- as is the Carezza -RRB- at the terrific price of $ 199 because of it 's plastic housing . Personally , this is a plus for me , I 've got a small kitchen and this baby is light enough to move around when counter space is needed . You will be amazed at the power of this machine -LRB- fast heat-up , steam power to spare -RRB- and the quality of espresso you can brew when you pair your Espresso with a good conical burr grinder . The Gaggia MDF grinder was my choice and I 'm happy with it 's performance -LRB- when anyone who knows espresso tells you that the grinder is the more important partner , they are n't joking -RRB- . Can you say `` crema ? '' One word of warning , you will no longer be fit company to join your friends at the local cafe . The espresso you can brew at home will spoil you !
 I 've had this machine since I was a starving student in grad school . Like many , I added up all the $ I was spending on lattes and quickly justified the purchase . I did a lot of research , looking for the highest quality , lowest priced `` pump '' model I could find . This was it . It 's not one of the super-automatic machines , and takes a little effort to familiarize yourself with it -LRB- READ the manual & save it , it 's important stuff ! -RRB- . It 's not too difficult , and it certainly takes less time to make a cup o java then standing in line at the local coffee house , -LRB- better than starbucks , and at least as good as Peets ! see Peets.com for the best coffee you 'll ever have , and no , I 've never worked for them -RRB- . They must have gotten this machine right , from the picture , it looks like it 's exactly the same machine I bought 5 years ago . Now that it 's 5 years old , I 'm starting to have some inconsistent performance , but I suspect it 's because I 've never done the de-calcificaion that I 've been reading about . But for this price , 5 years of trouble free performance makes it worth every penny !
 I purchased this machine around 3 months ago to replace a 10 year old Krups . The Gaggia machine makes the best home espresso I 've had and works much better than my old Krups . When using the right grind of Espresso , I 'm able to produce very nice espresso that tastes great and has a very nice crema.The frothing attachment on this system works great and much better than the Krups . The milk steams better , hotter , and the attachment is much eaiser to clean.My only disappointmnet is the contruction of the machine . It 's all plastic . The fit and finish of the parts is not very good and there are gaps between the top and the sides . If I had it to do over again , I would invest the extra $ 100 or so and get the higher end Gaggia model . I saw one in the store and it looks like it 's constructed much better . But all in all , I 'm very happy with Gaggia and the espresso it makes tastes great .
 My old machine was a Starbucks Barista . Had for 3 Years before steam nozzle broke . Worked fine for a home machine , or so I thought ! Enter GAGGIA . I ordered this machine -LRB- the espresso -RRB- on tuesday . It arrived on thursday , well packaged and double boxed . First thing I noticed was the quality of the portafilter . About twice as heavy as old one . Filled up with 64OZ . of water , primed the pump , and was ready to go in about 5 minutes . First shot . Heavy reddish brown creama !!! Tasted amazing first shot out of machine . Next , set to steam , took about 30 seconds to reach temp and zoom , more than enough to steam milk for 2 lattes . Hotter , faster , better frothing , cafe quality.I have a friend who has an $ 1800 machine . It makes a great cup of espresso . Way better than the local coffee shop . I did n't think I could get anywhere near that quality for under $ 1,000 . This machine does it!Anyone who is anything but thrilled with this machine , does not have a clue what they are doing . But , as the other reviews say , the machine is only one part of the espresso equation . You need good coffee , a decent BURR grinder , and a good machine . So if you are on a limited budget , this is the machine for you ... and if there is any money to spare get a decent burr grinder to go with it , such as the Gaggia MDF . And do n't skimp on the coffee , it matters !
 The Gaggia Espresso machine works well and mine has made excellent espresso every time . It makes perfect shots at 20 seconds of pump on time.I do have a good `` Solis '' burr coffee grinder . It is important to have a good burr grinder when using a true pump espresso machine like this one . I heat the machine a few minutes before I use it . Then I run an empty shot to warm the group and the demitasse cups before I make my first double or single espresso . I usually make double espressos . It has worked great every time . The used coffee bean ground 's -LRB- puck -RRB- falls out as mostly one chunk.I use the steam wand source to create hot water for tea . It works fast and fills up an entire tea cup with hot water . I have steamed milk before with the steam wand and it works fine ; but I rarely use it for that purpose as I drink my espresso coffee without any additives.The machine looks elegant in all black plastic . I prefer it over the metal covering ones which are more expensive and have nothing different about them other than the exterior housing . I recommend this espresso maker . I have not found any problems with it and I have had it a long time with daily use . I run a boiler cleaner through the system a few times a year ; so my machine has never plugged up with the hard water deposits common to my local water source.I enjoy espresso at home every day and it is better than I could get at the cafes as I can make my double espresso 's long or short and use what ever beans or roast that I want .
 First , thanks for all the great reviews . This was a pretty significant cash outlay and it was great to hear what you all had to say about this machine before I took the plunge.Like many of the other reviewers , I 've been making espresso at home for some time , and upgrading my machine each time one breaks down . Having been happy with a couple of starter-level Krups models , I bought the XP4030 . The espresso was not appreciably better than I 'd had with my older model , and the steam nozzle was ridiculously short -- impossible to use without the foamer attachment , which would frequently pop off into the milk pitcher.After doing more consumer review research , I landed on the Gaggia machine , & bought the Capresso 560 burr grinder to go with it . What a world of difference . I 'm using the same beans as before , but the espresso I brew now is unbelievably mellow . READ the instructions & / or watch the video even if you think you know what you 're doing . I was frustrated by losing pressure for frothing milk until I watched the video & realized that I was not priming the boiler as directed . D'oh . The video also helped me to figure out which setting on the grinder was the right one.I have n't had any of the other problems people mentioned
 I have enjoyed excellent espresso at home for a long time now with this Gaggia Espreso machine . I have not had any problems with it . I do routinely clean it out with the recommended boiler cleaner stuff every couple of months . I have a good burr grinder too which is important to make good espresso . I recommend this machine . I do n't use the frothing part ; but I did try it out twice and it worked fine .
 This is our -LRB- wife and self -RRB- 5th espresso machine in 12 years . This included De Longhis , Mr. Coffee and Capresso . Four wore out , mainly in the area where the coffee holder is inserted - never the pump -LRB- even though one was accidentally run dry all night -RRB- . The last one -LRB- a Capresso semi-automatic -RRB- self-destructed when the rotating shaft snapped and the entire mechanism exploded.The Gaggia took a few days to get used to - fineness of grind , pressure when tamping and experimentation with the `` Perfect Crema '' device . It now delivers reliable espresso and cappucino with very finely ground regular coffee solidly packed in , or decaf ground somewhat less finely and packed in less solidly . Both give a good crema without the `` Perfect Crema '' gadget.So far we are quite pleased with this machine and would rate it as very good .
 have had this machine for 4 months now and after reading and researching every espresso machine in our budget , we chose this one based on relaibility and longevity - have not been let down ! Quality espresso shots with good crema - very easy to use without having to wait 20 min to let it warm up - does not burn the espresso like other machines we have had - good foaming wand that is very easy to clean and does not get clogged - even can make shot after shot perfectly - use it every day for at least two lattes and 4 shots of espresso for four months without a complain and we have seen other reviewers with the same opinion -- the only down side is the wand is a little too low and you have to lift the machine up slightly in order to get the pitcher out - if you put the machine on a block to raise it a bit you would n't have this problem - overall a great machine for the money - we have saved so much by making our espresso at home !
 it fits on the backpack no problem , it is a little heavy which for me is a big plus , feels heavy duty and not overly heavy , perfect for backpacking , wilderness camping etc.Good product .
 Just great to carry in the motor home . Takes up little space , cleans easily , and we do n't have to use ` public ' grills . Legs are easily adjustible to different size fire rings .
 Just so you know , a hot dog wont fall through this -LRB- I was wondering that when I bought it -RRB- . Not much to say about it otherwise , but sturdy enough & it helped me cook my burgers while camping & not on the nasty outdoor grills provided by the campsite .
 I am a huge fan of this grill compared to most of the other heavier duty ones . It folds flat and takes up little space in our camping gear . The legs are long enough to give sufficient room underneath so that you are n't completely charring your food . And there is enough surface area to cook meat and veggies all at once . It 's lightweight enough to carry in a backpack without effort . Not great if you are only backpack camping because of the size , but it 's great for car camping .
 So , I bought this for a backpacking trip last year and I 'm happy with this purchase . It 's really quite light weight for it 's function , and compact enough to fit inside our massive backpacking packs . We have used it several times since our backpacking trip for car-camping when the grates at campsites are a little grimy looking.If I were to say something `` negative '' about it , it would be that it 's not going to hold a ton of weight , it 's a little wobbly , but in my opinion , you should n't be carrying a bunch of heavy pots and pans when camping anyway.Overall , it 's kept our camping delicious since 2011 .
 I have no complains at all . does what it should and a fair deal for the price . would recommend it .
 This is not a bad product , at all . As with most camping equipment , a lower price means lower quality . If you purchase this item knowing this , then you wo n't be disappointed . The grill is not all that tall , so you have to let the fire burn down to coals before putting this over it . We used it mostly to hold up a small propane stove to allow for better air circulation underneath , and it worked spectacularly for that !
 i went camping over two nights/three days last weekend , and this was the one thing we did not have . found it , liked the reviews here , so i took a chance . IT WAS GREAT , with a few buts ... we camped with about 10 people , so EVERYONE used this thing . we cooked probably 20 burgers , steak tips , hot dogs , everything . it held up like a champ . it 's good quality AND no hot dogs fell through the grates which are a good size ! it 's a little wobbly , so you got ta make sure there 's room in your fire for this . also , for this price do n't expect the best quality of metal . by the end of this trip it was pretty unstable and the legs were not as confident as they were when we arrived -LRB- but we did beat the heck out if it ! -RRB- . so yeah , for this price you really ca n't go wrong . if it 's just a family trip you may get more than one trip out of it . we ended up leaving this one at the site for the next person to give a shot . will definitely buy another for next trip !
 I love my cookie jar !! When it arrived my family thought it was nice and had cleaned it and placed cookies inside . I immediatley removed the cookies , it is for display only . I am now looking for a male cookie jar , as Aunt Jemima is getting lonely on the shelf by her self . . LOL
 Great side table , arrived with all parts with no damage . Just wish the open side shelves were adjustable in heigth .
 I love my St. Rita statue ! Her colors and detailing are very lovely and well done , and the weight of the statue is just right ! She ' not too light or too heavy , but weighty enough to make you feel she was well made . She ' is a fine and most welcomed soul in my home ... She is a great help to answered prayers !!!
 I 've owned this cutting board for well over five years and use it almost every day . It is just the right size for pairing vegetables , cutting up a small piece of meat , or other general purpose tasks . Bamboo is a great material for a cutting board because it has a very fine grain , meaning that it does n't splinter , and puts up with a whole lot of abuse from a knife blade . I 've used bamboo and maple cutting boards , and I 've found that the bamboo boards do n't seem to retain as much odor as maple boards . They also wash very easily and are aesthetically pleasing . I love my Island Bamboo cutting board and would recommend it to anyone who wants a nice , light weight cutting board and does n't like the feel of plastic .
 Works great , looks great , cleans easily , dries quickly . And it 's top quality at a great price . I bought two for my new modern kitchen and they 're part of the decor as well .
 Innovative idea and design w / functionality ~ We like to `` bump `` up our mueslix or bran flake cereal w / yummy items . So I puttoppings such as various nuts , dried fruits , coconut flakes , and any other tasty things you can think of inside the littlemagnetic canisters . They hold just the right amount and thetops allow large type food items to be stored in them . You canwall mount the rack or stand it up which is what I do right onthe table so people can take what they like , it 's a convenienteasy way to store all sorts of things . I would venture to guessyou could be creative and put in small office supplies likepaper clips , push pins , erasers as well as hardware items likewashers , small nails , tacks etc. in them . The magetic idea isreally cool as well !
 Over all this was a good buy , my wife loves it and works well . I thought it would be flimsy but turnes out to be strong and steady . I would recommend purchasing this product .
 The product photo above shows this item using 9 herbs with different colors - this is a really good idea , since all the most common herbs have the same -LRB- ish -RRB- color and they 're impossible to find . It 's also quite hard to keep clean , but it 's all worth it since everyone comments on the clean look and the neat way of storing herbs !
 I really like this spice rack . I can see my favorites , and they 're quick to grab . The tins also have a slot for pouring to measure and a slot for sprinkling . This does come with spices , but I did n't use them because I got this for specialty blends I purchase locally .
 I really like this spice rack . It does not take up a lot of counter space and I get a lot of compliments . Only issues I have are that I used one of the spice jars to sprinkle directly into a pot on the stove and I had to replace it because it rusted on the inside . Now I make sure I open it and add the spices by hand .
 I 've had this pretty dishware for over 2 months now , and not a chip in the bunch . It does n't get hot in the microwave . The dinner plates and bowls have a large ` lip ' , which is a feature I liked . . cereal does n't spill over in the bowls ! So it is a little difficult at first to place the dishes in the dishwasher , however , with a little maneuvering -LRB- and getting used to -RRB- it 's easy .
 Precioso y muy util el bowl . Lo compr&eacute; de Amaz&oacute;n y el servicio es muy bueno , me lleg&oacute; en el tiempo que prometieron y en perfectas condiciones - .
 I was a little disappointed with the quality of the `` steel '' spice rack however it has a good assortment for someone that does not cook a lot -LRB- which means it works well for me -RRB- .
 I got this for Chrismas and it is a nice addition to my kitchen . Have n't cooked with any of the spices yet but it sure is attractive on my counter !
 I love the rack ! Glass jars are nice and the SS really looks good . The spices selection is ok . I wish they would have had whole bay leaves instead of crushed . But I can aways refill with whatever I like and put a new sticker on the top . I would definitely purchase again .
 this looks great on my countertop , and I use the spices , some people have said they did n't use them . Some of the spices I 've never heard of and may never use , so you could exchange them out for your own . I like it ! IT looks sharp .
 I bought this for my neice and she loved it . The only problem was there were several spices you would hardly use , unless you were a gourmet cook . The really great thing about this deal was free refills !
 This looks good in any kitchen i wouold assume . Even more so if you have a black or stainless steel theme going on . . As far as the quality of the spices I can not remark as I am not experienced enough with them . I have used all of the italian mix and parsley but everything else seems to require Iron chef level knowledge to know what it would be good for . Well not the bay leaves or seasoned salt but you can always fill it with what you want.It is what it is and for the price why complain . . mine did come with a small obvious dent in the metal likely from shipping .
 It looks great in the kitchen and spins really smoothlyI was specting cheapy materials but it really solid and shinygood buy
 I buy this FOCCIO STAND HOLDER for my safety razors and they look very nice inside it . I recommend it .
 This was a gift , and the receiver greatly appreciated it . As the patron saint of eye problems , this saint wil fit it 's purpose of the gift .
 Son 's favorite cardinal 's player is Albert Pujols . Decorating his room on a budget , this poster fits the bill .
 It 's a simple , clean , and elegant medium-size bowl . It has a slightly metallic ring when you tap it against another solid object , as one would expect from a real ceramic bowl . It does not feel flimsy yet it 's not heavy .
 I bought this at Houston 's Hong Kong market because the regulars there were actively buying these units in preference to much more elaborate -LRB- and expensive -RRB- units . I 've only used it a couple of times , so , if the non-stick coating is fragile , I have n't had the number of rice-makings to determine that . What I do know is that it does an excellent job of cooking long-grain rice . I also did `` sweet rice '' -LRB- Daichi -RRB- , which , I think , is the same as `` sticky rice '' and `` sushi rice . '' I rinsed the rice , but did not soak it , and the results were quite good , but maybe a tad more water would be call for.Remember that the markings for water levels are per cup of rice , but the cup is the 160ml cup that comes with the unit . I will report if , and when , I experience problems with the coating that another reviewer reports .
 Nice for the price . It can actually make 3 - 10 cups of rice . 4 cups will take about 20 min . to make . Very fast and always make perfect rice every time . Also very easy to clean -LRB- non stick pot inside -RRB- . I do n't personally care for the ` computerized ' rice cookers . Rice cookers have been around since forever so I do n't know how much more complex can making rice be . I 've used this one for years and I have other ones that are inexpensive and they work just fine .
 Great little rice cooker , especially if your single or small family . Small rice cookers cook rice FAST and takes little space .
 Want perfect rice every time ? Just buy this relatively inexpensive Tayama 3 cup rice cooker . Even good for steaming vegetables . If you love stir fry , this will change your life for the better . I love it !
 I bought this hoping it would be appropriate for sleeping , but I find it a little awkward for a full night 's sleep . However , it is great for neck support while reading and watching television , so overall I am happy with this product . I look forward to using it for travel support as well.This product is well made and the filling has a nice `` give '' while being supportive . The cover seems very durable and the fabric is nice - I would n't feel awkward carrying it around an airport . I recommend this for people who suffer from neck pain/stiffness and require extra support .
 This pillow is great for when you are watching TV or sitting with your laptop . I tried it for sleeping , but I am a side sleeper and it was n't that comfortable . When it is comfortable is when you are sitting ! It gives your neck so much more support . If you have a lot of stress in your shoulders and they ache-get this pillow ! Love the material , too-smooth to the touch . The handles on the ends make it effortless to put the pillow in place .
 Though it 's called NeckBones , this little pillow fits neatly in the lumbar spine , under the ankles or elbows , behind the knees and yes , behind the neck . It 's cute , soft and worth every penny .
 This is probably the 30th one I have bought for all my family and friends . Can not sleep on anything else and I travel with it everywhere I go .
 I use these pillows on my adult son . He 's bedridden as a quadriplegic and comatose . They keep his arm contractions separated . Keeps his feet off the bed to prevent bed sores and they make a great neck pillow for ANYONE . In the last 12 years I can say that I have purchased close to 3-4 dozen of these . I wash them in the machine constantly and they do lose some of there fluffiness but they still do the trick !!
 My arms started to be numb in the mornings my Dr. took mri and said bones in neck had degenerated and sent me to hospital to get steroid shots in neck - which did not help ; but this pillow helps a lot , numbness reduced by at least 75 % when I sleep on it .
 A little to stiff for me , so I removed some of the stuffing . . now its perfect .
 For people with little necks who suffer from neck muscle pain/tight neck how you sleep can often contribute to or help neck pain . These pillows are hard to get , but they work to keep your neck in place and supported to decrease pain . My massage therapist recommended it and it really worked for me.However , it depends on the person of course .
 I have used this item for 5 years then accidentally left in a hotel room during a vacation . I then started to have neck pains and headaches again . Just purchased this new one 6 months ago and neck pains and headaches have subsided . I would recommend this item to everyone .
 THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT FOR TRAVEL . ARTHRITIS SUFFERERS WILL FIND THE DOGBONE PILLOW COMFORTABLE WHEN SITTING ON PLANES AND EASY TO CARRY WHILE TRAVELING .
 WE HAVE LOOKED IN THE STORES FOR THE BONE PILLOW AND WAS EXCITED TO FINALLY FIND THEM AT AMAZON . THANKS AMAZON !!!!
 gave as a gift to friend.she uses it every day at work and hides it from herstaff when she leaves .
 I bought this for my Mother who gets her hair done every week and she loves it .
 The item itself is very good ; however , I ordered 3 different colors , one of which you did not send -LRB- yellow rainbow -RRB- . Instead , you sent 2 Medieval Blues and one Blue Hawaii . I was disappointed not to receive the color I had specified , especially since the girl that took the order stated that all 3 colors were in stock .
 good quality and well made . I used it after my sinus surgery to support my neck and it was very helpful . Also works well in a car -- in a seat with a headrest . glad I purchased it !
 This really helps the neck . I have a more restfull sleep after using this pillow . You cant go wrong with one of these .
 I love this little pillow . After trying at least a dozen different and expensive pillows for neck pain , this little pillow gives me the support I need to wake up pain free . I have 2 of them now . I could n't sleep without it !
 Bought this for a flight but it ended up being too bulky to use behind my petite neck in the seat . It then became an arm rest on my lap . I love using this at home in bed while propping myself to watch tv . Bought one for the Mister . Love that i can toss it in the washer and dryer . The hawaiian print faded somewhat but it does n't bother me .
 I got this recently and the pillow is very comfortable . I got it mainly for air travel but find myself using it on the sofa too . Mine appears to be of quite good quality , I do not worry about it tearing for a while . There is a zipper to open the cover and inside it is stuffed with some kind of soft fiber . The only downside I see is that I think this will be hard to wash because the stuffing might be hard to put back together on my own .
 My 15 year old daughter requested I order this product . She has been going to an Upper Cervical Chiropractor for about two months now and he suggested this product to help maintain her adjustments . She sleeps on it nightly and rests periodically throughout the day , when at home . She wanted a product that was n't too `` grandma '' looking and this fabric fit her style . The price was better than those offered at the doctor 's office , so I could n't say no ! While I have n't had to wash/clean it , it appears simple enough with a zipper closure . Amazon is where we go first when considering any purchase !
 I am so glad I bought this pillow before my 8 hour flight ! Not only is it comfortable , but it can be used for your head , lower back or legs . It does take up more space that an inflatable -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but the comfort level is worth it .
 I bought my first one at Walmart years ago and never used it now after using it and wearing it our til it looksugly , I could n't find it but found it here on Amazon an bought 3 . Love the colors and the service . Thanks , NB , GA
 I originally purchased this pillow for car travel but have used it for air travel as well . It fits perfectly behind my neck while sitting in the car or on a plane . It helps to avoid neck fatigue and headaches during long travel and is also great for taking little cat naps along the way . I have tried inflatable pillows , which are great because they take so little space , but they just do n't have the support that this dogbone pillow provides . I 'll sacrifice the little bit of extra space for the comfort this pillow provides . FYI ... you can hook a carabiner clip to one of the pillow 's loops and then hook it to the strap of your carry-on bag so that you do n't have to sacrifice space inside the bag .
 I need a neck pillow , and looked at this one and decided to order it because of the price . When I got it , it felt soft and I wondered if it would provide enough support . Well , I tried it and I wish I had ordered sooner ! This pillow is so comfortable , with the way it cradles my head . It does provide support for my neck , and I have had some of the best nights ' sleep since receiving it . I 'm ordering more !
 This is not a travel pillow . It is meant for use at home / work . Provides amazing support to the neck . Side-sleepers can use it in bed too .
 I bought this for my Mom and she loves it ! She 's in her 80s and needs the extra neck support . She said it firm enough and really helps her get a restful nights sleep .
 After trying all shapes and kinds of pillows -LRB- as well as balms , heating pads , and accupuncture -RRB- , I have found that the dogbone pillow has relieved my neck pain completely ! The particular shape allows me to turn from side to side without obstructing the side of my neck during the night . I also liked the variety of colors and the side loops are useful in hanging the pillow on the bedpost if desired . Best ever !
 I 've been looking for dog bone pillows for a while now and found them on Amazon.com . I purchased two of them and use it when watching tv and for sleeping . They 're very comfortable and supports my neck well .
 Excellent product . Have had them for many many years . Probably 15 + and wanted to replace the ones I have . I put the old ones in my truck for use there . Thank you for a great product .
 Once I discovered this pillow I solved my plumping , punching , turning problems with pillows . This dogbone shaped pillow is the soltion for those who ca n't find that just right pillow for their bed !
 My husband and I love our Dog Bones neck pillows . We have on in each car so the passenger can comfortably nap in long trips . We also take them when we fly . They do a great job of cradling your head and preventing neck strain
 These Tervis insulated tumblers are designed exactly the same as the `` Tervis 16oz . Clear Tumbler Set 4 Piece Set '' also available on Amazon , except they have the Texas Longhorns logo , and there are two cups in the set , not four . As of this writing , there are no reviews here about the product itself , but there are 30 rave reviews of the basic clear Tervis tumbler.Tervis invented their insulated plastic tumbler in 1946 , which became popular in humid Florida , and they have a commitment to quality , backed by an unconditional replacement guarantee.I now have two of these tumblers and they feel sturdier than any other insulated tumbler I have owned . They are marked dishwasher safe , and I believe it . Other insulated tumblers I have had crack , and leak moisture inside the layers . These have a much tougher design and feel to the plastic.It is hard to tell from the photo , but the Longhorn logos on these cups are actually fabric patches , like the ones you might find affixed to the front of a baseball cap . They have been placed safely inside the insulating layers of the tumbler . When you look at the cup , you see the fabric decal , but it is not exposed to the elements and has a nice appearance compared with cups that have the logo inked onto the surface of the plastic , only to be rubbed off with use.Highly recommended for all Longhorns fans looking to enjoy a game with a cold drink that stays cold . Hook 'em Horns !
 The surface is truly non-stick and that is impressive considering I use it on the grill . It is very nice to cook something like onions or shrimp on the grill and not have them fall thru the grates . The removable handle is great as I have a small grill and could not cover a pan with a handle . I highly recommend this .
 I got this pan for my dad for father 's day , and he loves it ! It works better than a similar grill tray he has , cooks evenly , and it 's also a breeze to clean . The handle is a room saving device that easily attaches/detaches from the pan with hooks similar to peg board clips for flexible transfers . The pan is also large enough to hold veggies or fish for a group of four to six . I recommend this product .
 This is NOT a copper skillet , it is copper colored . I would guess it is made from steel , you can check this out using a magnet -LRB- copper is a non-magnetic metal -RRB- . Do like the nonstick finish however .
 I purchased this copper nonstick grill skillet as a present for my brother . He says it is wonderful . It works great for BBQ ` ing veggies and shrimp & kabobs without the skewers .
 This grill basket is truely non-stick . We use it several times a week . Having a removable handle that is secure is one of the best things about it . We like it so well it is one of our favorite gifts to give to friends .
 I 've had one of these for two years , and it is my all-time favorite grilling accessory . I also have theOutset QN70 Round Copper Nonstick Grill Wokand theOutset Nonstick Fish Basketwhich are terrific , too . I love this one for vegetables and soft-shell crabs and tiny rock shrimp . It gets nice and hot , so everything cooks wonderfully , and it cleans up like a dream . The removable handle is great because I can keep my hand away from the flames like with a saucepan , but I can still close the grill lid completely . LOVE . IT !
 This is a great pan for grilling small vegetables & things like shrimp . No worries of the food falling through the gratesany more ! Do n't need the skewers anymore .
 Excellent product ; we can now grill veggies easily with fabulous results . Ca n't wait for summer to come around with fresh garden vegetables ! Handle detaches , was n't sure that would be a good thing but find that it is easly detached and reattached . Good product .
 I love this pan ! The non-stick coating is truly non-stick . It 's very easy to clean , even after I accidentally left it in the grill for a week . I 've had it for several months and the coating is good as new .
 The description is misleading and should say `` copper colored '' for it is steel with copper non stick coating . I spray a little EVOO before use with fish , vegetables even Fajitas and I have never had a problem . Like any non-stick pan , use only non metal utensils and this pan will last many years . The handle is perfect and even stays solid when I 'm tossing food to mix it up then detaches so you can close the lid . Buy it now before they sell out .
 I highly recommend purchasing from this vendor and I received my skillet so fast.I would order again from them .
 Well-designed and worth spending a few extra dollars . Cheaper alternatives will do the trick but this skillet is a step up . Truly is non-stick . The removable handle is the real selling point . Have used this myself and given this product as a gift - always with rave reviews .
 This skillet works very well on the grill . For the first time I have something I can use for fish without the skin sticking to the cooking surface . It cleans up very well after use with soap and water . The removable handle works well .
 I have used several of the Outset nonstick copper products in the smoker for 6 to 10 hours and have not had any problems with the nonsitck quality . They are easy to clean with little effort .
 Tired of the same old side dishes - baked beans , corn on the cob and potato salad - at your BBQ and looking for a way to add more fresh garden vegetables to your grilling menu?We grill : * Summer squash , zucchini and garlic * Mushrooms , peppers and tomatoes * Onions , asparagus and beetsBy itself , this skillet is a great deal , with Amazon 's 4-for-3 promotion this is simply a steal.Cleanup is easy . The skillet is rugged and the handle is easy to attach and detach over the grill . We can hold enough vegetables to feed 4-6 people.Here 's what we like
 Works great , cleans easily , leaves no after-taste on food . Handle stays cool . wonderful product for a grill lover .
 Je suis tr&egrave;s contente de cette pole . Surtout qu'elle est anti-adh &eacute;sive . N ` h&eacute;sitez pas &agrave; vous la procurer . Elle saura faire de vos BBQ une r&eacute;ussite .
 First saw and used one of these at a friends place . I just love it . It is especially useful for grilling those small pieces of vegetables , roasting cut up carrots and beets and the like . ... stir frying broccoli , or other small pieces , green beans , whatever . It 's great .
 This is a great item to stir fry of vegetables or shrimp over the grill . I love the detachable handle which makes it easy to take the skillet off and on when using on the grill . The pan cleans up easily .
 This is the softest towel I 've ever felt , and it 's absorbent , too . Kind of expensive for everyday use , but I have one hanging in my bathroom just to dry my hands on . It 's exactly what I was looking for .
 I 've never felt a softer , more absorbent towel . You 'll want to live in these .
 I purchased this tower for my 20 year old daughter who had moved into her first apartment . She loves it ! The lids have a strange `` swing open '' top that can break if you 're not careful . To solve that issue my daughter simply unscrews the lid and pops off the inner plastic ` spill proof ' lid . She leaves the inner ` spill proof ' lid attached , when not in use , to reseal the spices and keep them fresher . She was very excited to see the Nutmeg spice was included . My kitchen and her kitchen is never absent of Nutmeg . I would love to see a spice rack that is dedicated to desert and exotic spices .
 I bought this for my partner as an anniversary gift.The reason I bought this is because of the free refill for all the spices.It looks very nice on the kitchen table , but we have n't used it yet . I recommend this spice rack over others , cause ' one it looks very nice on the table -LRB- it actually looks like we cook very well when guests come over -RRB- . Other than that , I think the free refill is a good thing that comes with the product .
 The only thing I do n't like about the DogBones pillows is that they eventually get too flat to use . I have a huge stack of them in a closet because I do n't want to give up on a solution to this . They work wonderfully to keep my neck supported during sleep -LRB- I use as my bed pillow -RRB- until they get too flat in the middle . I saw where they now have some with a zipper which would help . I 've put them in the dryer with tennis balls , trying to get the insides to move around -LRB- it helps a little -RRB- . I 've tried pushing from the sides inwardly - I am going to have to find a seamstress who is willing to take out the seam and add a bit more stuffing ! Otherwise , altho it sounds like I do n't like the pillow - it works so well when it does work , it is worth the expense of buying more !
 Firm but comfortable . I sleep with it every night . I have neck and shoulder pain , and this pillow helps alot . It aligns my spine , allowing me to have a good night sleep .
 My dad was obsessed with an old pillow shaped like a dog bone , and I was convinced I could n't replace it ! I looked on Amazon and there were plenty to choose from ! He 'll be very happy to have a new one to replace the old/tattered pillow . It 's a nice size and firmness ... perfect !
 Had one of these before and it got lost ... I was so happy to find one again !! They are the perfect neck support for riding in a car or lounging on the floor or couch ! Bought some for Christmas presents too while I was at it !
 i got it for travel but it is too big for me to take on . Plus i like to keep it clean and that is not possible . So i keep it in my reading room and for yoga it works well . Neck is supported and make you feel good as you rest in yoga postures.katia
 The pillow is a little soft , I had ordered one earlier that had a small zipper in it . I could add to it to make it firm .
 I have owned one of these pillows for several years . It has been washed and broken-in well , my husband tried it out and decided it was now his pillow , so I bought 3 more because I can no longer find them in the stores here . The only thing is if you are a smaller person you will probaly have to break the pillow in a bit before it really becomes comfortable ...
 i am well pleased with neck bone neck pillow -- i have two and will get more later when needed -- perfect for comfort anywhere --
 This came in a package with other things and they were all in perfect condition and the boxes were not torn or ragged like some things that I have ordered .
 My wife and I were traveling with our three small children on some long transatlantic flights and spending time at summer camps . We needed some come durable , kid friendly and versatile pillows . We had read about DogBones but never tried them . So we went on the Net and let the kids choose their colors . The kids loved them . We used them on the planes and in summer camps . No problems . They cleaned and stored easily and were very versatile . Entirely happy with the decision and results .
 I have found enormous relief and comfort from these pillows since I first found them at my local chain pharmacy/drug store more than a decade ago . Worn a dozen or so out . However , they have ALWAYS only been available in truly outdated , strange fabric patterns and colors that never went with any of my decor . Please - how ` bout neutrals , current and classic small prints in primary and soft colors , hot colors , different textures etc. 10 yr old granddaughter requested one of her own for 10th birthday and nothing can be found to match her soft pink/hot pink w/gray bedroom color scheme . She wanted it personalized too -- ca n't find that . Help !
 Very comfortable , it was also delivered by the date stated whenI ordered it .
 Love this neck pillow . Use it when watching television , it is so comforting . I 'm even taking it on vacation with me >
 Size and shape are very comfortable for when my neck is bothering me . The cover is not my favorite design as I prefer a solid color .
 Large pillow but turned out very well as I use these in the car as neck rest for traveling and the size was perfect ... found out these work well in hotel rooms for added neck support when the hotel pillows are lacking ... win , win all around for me ... very pleased with the product .
 . We love our dog bone pillows . Our old ones were getting threadbare so I started looking for new ones . We watch TV in bed until after the evening news and these pillows are perfect for that .
 I really like my bone pillows . Several years ago I had back surgery and now I sleep on the bone pillow to keep my back in line . I also have a C-Pap machine and it works great with it . I would recommend it to everyone .
 This pillow is a miraculous invention . I have a severe neck distortion and use it every night for wonderful comfortable sleep . Do n't know how I lived without it .
 I bought this as a replacement for a similar product I have used for years . I am very happy with the purchase .
 Used daily and very pleased with the comfort . Recommended by upper cervical chiropractor and use it as suggested . Very pleased with the quality and looks of the pillow .
 Due to a medical condition I have to sleep in a lift chair recliner and I have tried other neck pillows and did not like them . Now I bought two of these and I just LOVE them . They are very comfortable and quite sturdy . I also like the idea that they are machine washable .
 I have about 10 dog bone pillows in my house . I have 2 in my bed , 1 on my couch and all my chairs . No matter where I 'm at it helps . It alleviates headaches and neck strain . If I do n't sleep on it , I wake up in the middle of the night with a headache . I was hopitalized and brought my pillow with me . Once you 've slept on these pillows you will never sleep without them . They 're great for my neck when I watch TV . I have people at work using them now .
 I bought this pillow because I was waking up every morning with neck pain that would last the whole day . My husband started researching pillows and came across this one . With the great reviews and the low price we both decided to try it . My neck pain improved 90 % after the 1st night ! I could n't believe it ! Now I rarely wake up with any discomfort , and when I do I realize I dropped the pillow during the night . My husband has also seen incredible improvement and does n't complain of neck pain anymore . It really is a great product !
 I HAVE TWO COMPOUND FRACTURES AT THE NECK AND BASE OF MY SPINE AND I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT HOPING IT WOULD GIVE ME RELIEF TO SLEEP . NEVR IMAGINED WHAT RELIEF !!! I AM ABLE TO SLEEP AGAIN AND SIT IN A CHAIR !!
 This is the only pillow that I 've found that helps me sleep on the airplane ! I 've found it a bit bulky to stuff in my carry-on , though it 's worth it for overnight trips .
 I have used this pillow for the last 10 years . The old one is too old , so I purchased another one . Now my other friends have also ordered .
 Pillow is fantastic . I read several reviews , and they all say too hard , too soft . Well , mine came and it was perfect . It fits perfectly behind the neck and is just the right comfort level . It does have handles and is soft enough to hold the neck , yet firm enough to be comfortable . The material is soft too . Does n't scratch or irritate your skin . I like it sooooo much , I ' , m gon na buy two more for the family . Hands down a great pillow indeed .
 I bought this pillow thinking it would be good for my massage therapy clients to lay on . However , most clients voted for a memory foam pillow , so it migrated to my home . I use it every day , as a lower back support and as a neck roll . I take it on vacation . I saw them for sale in a truck stop in Abilene . They really are great , and I love mine !
 This thing is awesome , it filters the air so well , you will definitely breath cleaner healthier air and you will feel the different almost immediately , minutes after I opened the box up and turned on the filtration system , I feel much better , because I stopped sneezing and I felt more good energy flow throughout my lungs all over my body , BUT the filter gets dirty fast because its working so well , basically the first filter I got with the filtration system lasted me about 1 month , I opened it to look at how dirty it was and it was really dirty . . probably beccause i do live with a dog and the house has a lot of carpet , so it also depends on the indoor enviroment you live in . If you do not have carpet and no cats or dogs , your filter might last 2-3 months also depending on how often , constantly the filter is on and running . My filter is on about 10 hours a day constantly while im in my room and sleeping it is on , plus carpet plus dog = about 1 month of filter life , so i ordered the 6pack online for $ 80 . The reason I took away one star from the ratings is because of the price of the replacement filters is a bit pricey , but since I can afford it , I will spend extra cash in order to improve and maintain health , it is well worth it because afterall ones health is one of the most important things.Sometimes things that perform best and work best and have best results cost more money to maintain . You just have to ask yourself if it is worth it for your own benefits .
 I had a honeywell purifier before this one and ended up returning it . The honeywell had a reusable filter which will save a lot of money , but what i did n't like about it was the noise . Even on the low setting , it was on the loud side . The filtrete is much quieter . On the high setting , the noise level is about the same as the honeywell on the low setting . The filtrete seems very well made . The fan is balanced , and the unit operates without vibration . I really like the indicator lights that tells you when the filter needs changing . I 've added a pre-filter on my unit to help extend the life of the filter . The pre-filter I bought is also made by filtrete , but it was intended for use in air conditioners . The pre-filter comes in a 8 `` x24 '' which is big enough to be made into 3 pre-filters for the purifier . It will add some flow restriction , but not enough to set off the indicator lights . By using the pre-filters , your main filter should last you a lot longer . I would definitely recommend this purifier .
 this machine is fairly quiet - it is actually comforting and lulls me to sleep and i 'm a very light sleeper ! here is a tip that i got from another review i read - you can buy 3m blue filters from department store -LRB- starts with w and ends with a t -RRB- . just cut to fit the filter on the purifier and you 've got a very inexpensive prefilter so the purifier 's filter will last longer . i 'm very happy with this product .
 I have two of these in my home , one in my office and one in the bedroom . I definetly notice a difference in using them.For anyone that may be wondering , this device uses appx 80-85 watts at full speed , 50-52 at medium , ~ 37 watts at low speed , and 1-2 watts plugged in but not running . That , coupled with the $ 20 replacement filters does n't exactly make these things cheap , but I think it 's worth it.I think it is worth mentioning that you can get `` custom '' filters for less than the cost of the 3M filters . There are several websites where you can tell them the dimensions of the filter and they cut them up for you .
 We were looking for this to be a white noise machine as well as an air cleaner . It is very quiet -LRB- would have liked for it to have been a bit louder -RRB- - about the noise level of a ceiling fan . Once it 's been running for a while it cleans the air well , but the first few days of every filter change it smells charcoaly and makes the whole room stink . The replacement filters are also quite expensive . It is compact , easy to use , and cleans the air well so that is why I gave it 4 stars .
 I had one for about 4 years then when the motor sounded tired , I replaced it with the same item . The sound is fine for a bedroom and the filters are easy to replace ; use a hand vac on them occasionally to help them last longer .
 The air purifier does a decent job . My allergies seem to be better for the most part . What I did n't like was the smell it gave off when I first bought it . It took a few months for the odor to go away .
 Works well . Not silent yet not loud . It definitely helps keep some of the cat 's hair off of the floor .
 This was an awesome buy . I have had one of these in my bedroom for just over a year now and wanted to buy another one for the living room . It works really well and I really like that the light indicator will tell you when its time to change the filter.The filters are just under $ 20.00 to replace but it is worth it.I would recommend this product to anyone needs an Air Purifier .
 The FAP03 is quiet and collects most of the pet hair that used to get into the computers.It has a pleasing air flow sound.Model number
 If economy is your primary weighted variable in the selection of an air filter , then the FAP02 is NOT for you . If however , breathing cleaner air is worth about $ 40/unit per year then this filter may be a good choice for you.A few points to know about the filters before buying this unit.One , this filter looks good . It seems designed to fit `` up against a wall '' and in this regard it is easy to position ascetically while still maintaining function -LRB- air filtering -RRB- . Hence , it is both technically successful and yet offers a stylish design that does not junk - up a room.Another nice feature is that it `` sucks '' from the back of the unit and `` blows '' out of the top , and therefore one is not simply blowing dust across the floor and behind furniture . And lastly , especially nice for the one in the bedroom , is it is very quite . On highest speed , the faint `` hum '' that can be heard is actually rather relaxing and in no way annoying . In short , a small audible footprint.Now about filter price.They are at first glance over-priced . Then , I considered what I was actually paying for
 I have incredible allergies and have tried many filters machines to help clean the air . I have a whole house filter that connects to my furnace , and I change my regular furnace filters monthly and I still end up with dust and pollen in the house . Screen doors , garage doors , kids running in and out , etc. . . it all contributes.I 've bought the sharper image filters and other brands that claim to be great , but have n't been that impressed . I ended up buying this unit on because I 've been very pleased with my 3M furnace filters.I put this unit in my bedroom because that room gets more dust than most of my house along with the sleeping problems I 'd have from dust.Within two days I noticed I was sleeping better . Two weeks later I noticed that I had n't needed to dust the room since I bought the machine.Overall I 'm very satisfied with the machine I have . It 's reasonably quiet , -LRB- I leave it set on 1 , so I can barely hear it -RRB- it fit under a table in the room , so it did n't take up much space . It also has an interesting control dial with funky lights on it . Replacement filters are easy to find and from the looks of it I should only have to change them out every 4-6 months ... Of all the machines out there , this is far less gimmicky and actually works . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 The filter is amazing , looks awesome , and quiet . My main complaint is that the fan speed selector has tiny lights on it that , in a way similar to xmas `` chasing '' lights , appear to spin at various speeds . The problem I have with this is that there 's something frustratingly addictive about playing with the fan speeds and watching the lights ! Other than that , great all around !! Now , the money saving tip
 These work great and are better than ionizer air filters . The big problem people have with this is filter replacement.At my Practical , Healthy Stuff blog , I detail how to make the Filtrete filters really last ! Basically , you attach the inexpensive , carbon prefilters from Honeywell -LRB- available here on Amazon -RRB- to the filter with velcro tape . These carbon filters are the exact right size , and they capture larger dust and gunk , as well as filter out chemicals and odors.Oh yeah , like they say here , vacuum each regularly and you may get over a year 's use from them !
 I live in a beautiful place with fresh air outside and no smog . However , in the winter it can get stuffy because you would never open a window and let all the heat out . I got one of these 3M FAP02 filtrete machines because I had heard that a lot of the Ionic Breeze and such models were mostly marketing hype and not that great . I put it in my bedroom and turned it on all the way . Within a few days I could smell that the air was fresher and there was a noticeable difference walking into my room after coming home from a day at work while the filter was churning away.Some users have complained about the volume . I personally do not think it is so bad , especially at the lowest setting . I sleep with it on that setting and it has not bothered me . The high setting is louder , but I actually find it soothing . In fact , it has helped to drown out my loud neighbors who like to party late in the middle of the week!I do not have a lot of experience with air filters , but my thinking is that if you have a lot of air flow , it is going to make some noise . Air makes noise when it moves and from what I 've seen of the other air filters out there , the quiet ones simply do n't have as much volume of air being pushed out . So it 's pretty much like keeping the filtrete on the lowest setting . It works , but not as well.Overall , for the price and how well it works , I would definitely recommend this filter .
 I 'm not sure what is up with some of the reviews for this , but I 'll add some input of my own . For one , it is not loud . It has three settings and even on setting number 3 I would n't call it very loud . In fact , the sound it makes helps me fall asleep at night.The filters actually last awhile in my opinion . I live in a house with two cats -LRB- thought admittedly they 're never in the room in question -RRB- and it the filter it came with lasted for months upon months . Mind you , this is with me NOT cleaning the filter like other people -LRB- though it is a good idea to do so -RRB- . The design of the unit is nice . It 's not unattractive like some units out there and it 's designed in such a way that it is non-obtrusive in the room . The spinning lights are actually pretty cool , and as another reviewer said , they 're fun to play with :-RRB- Accessing and removing the filter is a breeze too . They are indeed expensive , but if you look hard enough , you can get a 6-pack for around $ 80 . If you clean the filter every so often , then this 6-pack would last you for a very , very long time . Another poster suggested adding a less expensive filter in combination with the 3M filter . Though I 'm not trying to say it 'll work -LRB- I have n't done it yet -RRB- , it is , in fact , a good idea . Anything to save money on products to increase health !
 Our son has allergies and we have owned several different filters trying to find one that stops his sniffling and sneezing at night . This is the only one to date that has actually worked . No carbon prefilter , so you do n't get removal of the nasty household organics that cause cancer , but it is a very good filter for particulates for allergies and asthma .
 The glass in these is so clear . They feel great in your hands and they nest . Perfect glasses , form follows function . No house should be without them .
 This glass is just right size , not too big , not too small . The easy-to-grab stripe pattern is only outside , so it cleans pretty well , too . I am very happy with it .
 The quality is obvious from the moment you see these . The glass is clear and bright and feels great in your hands . Washes up fine in the dish washer . Worth the investment .
 IT 'S JOHNNY DEPP AS `` CAPT. JACK SPARROW '' !!!!!! NEED I SAY MORE !!??? YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS HANGING SOMEWHERE YOU CAN SEE IT EVERYDAY , SO YOU CAN SWOON OVER HIM ... It should be illegal for someone to look THAT GOOD !!
 Smaller than expected , but price was right . As always beautifully made by Spode . The 3 Sentiment trays are a must for the spode collector
 I do n't know about any funny smell because my cups came brand new and wrapped in plastic . These cups are GREAT ! Not only do they look great and blend in with my other Calphalon products but they also have marks on the outside of the cup which let you know how much you are using . For example , the 1 cup measurement has marks on the outside that show what level you can fill to get 1/4 , 1/2 , etc. . The other side of the cups shows your measurements in tablespoons . This is really good for baking and precise measurements . It especially comes in handy when you need 3/8 of something and you can use the cup for a precise measurement instead of trying to compute fractions in your head . It is worth the few bucks .
 I purchased these for the man in my life as an afterthought while ordering for him some quality pans ; they have a cool , masculine look , very sturdy and unfussy looking . Since I sometimes use them , I 've realized they are also excellent quality . If I did n't already have multiple sets of measuring cups , I 'd get these for myself too !
 Great quality . Lots of ways to measure . They are perfect for me . I love how they have the 1/3 cup within the 2/3 cup and so on . It is just what I needed and great quality unlike my past plastic ones that had handles that broke off .
 I may make 15-20 pounds of sausage a year . This makes it much simpler to stuff . It has problems
 Bought two of these , one for pouring soda and one to reuse soda bottles to water my outdoor and indoor plants.Tried it out on soda at a BBQ last weekend and it worked so well !! I will say that it does pour a bit slow , but if you have small children that might be using this that is a great feature . It wo n't spill easily and the handle allows a better grip for pouring . Have n't used it for plants yet , but I do n't see that it 'll perform any different.For only $ 5 and on the 4-for-3 promo it is worth picking up several . I have friends that commented how cool it was so I 'm going to get a few more for them .
 I love this product ! I got two and need two more . I use it on a 2 liter bottle to water my plants .
 Great item ! Much , much better than a shoji screen . It does cost a bit more than a cheap screen but you 'll be passing this down to the next generation . It was easy to assemble -- I put aside the instruction sheet and just looked at the photo on the Amazon page . It took about ten minutes to open the shipping carton and take out the pieces and parts , and another ten minutes to put the screen together . I am very happy with the appearance and function , and I love that I can move the accessories -LRB- row of hooks , two shelves , magazine rack -RRB- around in any combination which suits me . The fabric panels are well-made and look great . The shelves have a rail around the edge so your coffee cup does n't slip over the edge . And most important of all , I can put the screen in the arched entryway to my work room and hide my messy projects from impromptu visitors . I am so pleased with myself that I liked the look of the item on the Amazon page and went ahead and ordered it !
 The grater is exactly as advertised , a very basic implement that functions just exactly as expected . However , I learned a few weeks after my order arrived that I could have bought the exact same tool for less than half what I paid Amazon for it .
 I purchased this screen to use at work when I was moved to a cubicle next to a busy hallway . It is lightweight enough for me to lift , open and move by myself and is very attactive . The fabric and frame are high quality and it is sturdy -LRB- no wobbling if bumped -RRB- . I would have given it five stars but when it arrived , one of the plastic ends on one of the metal frame tubes was broken off and another broke the first time someone opened the screen .
 The left side of my tower of 5 boxes of various video equipment with all the dangling wires behind the TV was exposed for all to see and the black and silver screen blended in well with situation to hide it .
 I purchased this screen to block off a work desk and the break room at work . It 's working fine but not intended for heavy use , ie putting a lot of things on it , etc. . I do n't think its meant to be straight as we have very little room and did not stand it up in a zig sag line but straight . It looks professional and provides a clean barrier which ca n't be seen through . All in all , I 'm pretty satisfied with it , just wish I had more room for it .
 This is the softest towel I 've ever felt , and it 's absorbent , too . Kind of expensive for everyday use , but I have one hanging in my bathroom just to dry my hands on . It 's exactly what I was looking for .
 I 've never felt a softer , more absorbent towel . You 'll want to live in these .
 This is a well made pan in a convenient size . Great for macaroni & cheese for 2 or stuffing . As in all All-Clad , there are n't any hot spots or problems cleaning up . I recommend it highly .
 This is such a great color and I loved the napkins upon arrival - I bought 4 packages -LRB- 16 napkins in all -RRB- -- Then I washed them in cold water and I noticed the shading of the dye seemed to vary within each individual napkin - this is only noticeable upon close inspection ! They are made of a very durable canvas type material but be prepared to iron them if used for formal dining!Even though they are 100 % cotton , the shrinkage was minimal compared to how the matching placemats shrank -LRB- I gave them 3 stars -RRB- . Noticed problems with lint sticking to them too.Still recommend as the fabric itself will last for years and is great for casual dining !
 I took my cat to the vet yesterday , and when I walked in I did n't smell the usual `` animal smells '' . She had one of these candles burning and it did n't just add to the usual odors , I could n't detect anything under the wonderful scent of the candle . The scent was n't overpowering , just light and pleasant ! She was selling these , and I walked out with two - I did n't get this scent -LRB- I got a pumpkin spice and melon . I do n't have cat odor issues -LRB- I ask people who are seldom in the house to honestly let me know if they detect anything -RRB- - but love candles . These have wonderful throw , and for this price I will definitely be a repeat customer !!
 This candle is great . With a new puppy -LRB- house training -RRB- and my son had a stomach virus -LRB- diarea -RRB- . My husband hates smells ! He was worried about having a dog in the house . This candle got rid of everything ! He came in the house and wanted to know what smelled so good !! It does n't cover odors it get rid of them !! They do n't come back later . I wo n't ever be without one . Buy this candle you wo n't be disappointed ! I recommend mango .
 This works very well even after you put it out.I just want to add that the Orange Lemon Splash scent smells EXACTLY like fruity pebbles ... lol ! Seriously . It took us a little while to figure out why it smelled so familiar .
 These are great candles and do exactly what they were designed to do . Has a great smell and isnt overpowering .
 This really makes a difference when lit . Smells wonderful and covers up the `` pet '' odor . Not urine or dirty dog smell , but just that you have animals and so your house is going to reflect that in some way . I burn for about 30 minutes and it just refreshes the house .
 Great Candle , it smells brilliant , and lasts . I am in search of some of the great candles I know exist ... well this will be one of them .
 Pet odor exterminator candles are the best , and at an excellent price . 5 stars for the Honeydew Melon , Mulberry Spice , Orange Lemon Splash , Bamboo Breeze , and Rose Petals -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- . FYI , my home does n't smell , I just LOVE these candles ! Also good for cooking odors .
 I can honestly say that I have never had the experience of the other reviewer , and I have used over a dozen of these candles.I love them as I currently have 3 dogs , 2 cats and 3 rabbits in the house ; you can imagine how much that would smell if I did n't do anything to help . My vet office is who recommended that I try them . These candles not just cover the odor , the get rid of it and then leave a refreshing smell - I have even moved one to a bathroom during a stinky guest 's visit with great results . I have usually used the orange or strawberry , but plan on buying the vanilla today .
 Bought this mat a month ago and just love it ! I must say , however , that I do not use it for the oven , but rather to roll pie dough . I have been making pies for years , but the dough was always sticking to whatever I was using to roll it . The Matfer Bourgeat Roul ` pat is marvellous ; the dough does not stick to the mat . Making pies now is easy and there is no mess to clean ! And the mat is so easy to clean . A charm !
 These are very soft and absorbant towels . My husband prefers a rougher towel and was n't happy with the feel of these at first , but now he likes them . So far these towels seem to get softer and even puffier with each washing . They feel like luxury . Guests love them .
 This is the most luxurious towel I have ever experienced . I found out about it from my sister -- who loves them ! Worth the money !
 awesome ... just what I was looking for ... fits nicely on a small table.automatically sets itself
 the reason i did not give this a 5 is because out of 5 sets i bought there were 4 lids that do n't fit tight but got replacement . watch out though , if you go through TUPPERWARE they want to charge you $ 6 for shipping to replace and you have to pay to ship to them ! BUY FROM `` Virtual Hot Deals '' they will take care of you if there is a problem !!!
 The tupperware canisters were exactly what I was looking for to replace my old ones . There is LOTS of room in them and I can even put an entire 5lb bag of flour into the big one ! My old ones were never big enough to do that ! I love how they close and the `` peak thru '' windows at the bottom are great ! I did n't really think I would use them , but I find myself noticing if they are getting empty and remembering to get refills at the store ! Love them !
 These are great , they seal well and keep things fresh . Just wish they came in a larger variety of colors !
 The canister set is very clean looking , yet very functional . It looks great in my kitchen . I 'll probably keep this set for the next 30 years as I did my first tupperware canister set .
 My mother swears by tupperware , she 's had the same set for 20 + years . I am moving and wanted canisters that looked nice , have a tight seal -- to keep out possible creepy crawlies , and keep things fresh . These canisters fit the bill . I see now why my mother strongly suggested I purchase these and I 'm really glad I did . Mother does know best !
 I can not eat manufactured breads and have to make my own whole wheat . I purchased these Tupperware One Touch containers for my flours and yeast . They work out wonderfully and keep everything fresh . I have them in a cabinet above my microwave and can clearly see what I have on hand .
 This is just what I was looking for and it was a great price . Thanks !!
 I got this for a Christmas present . The cannisters seal very well and met my expectations ! I highly recommend this product .
 I 've always been happy with Tupperware , I just want to avoid &#34; Tupperware parties &#34; -LRB- do they still have them ? -RRB- . This was the perfect way to replace my aging canister set with one topped in my favorite color . I love the little windows in the side to see what is inside and if it is getting low , athough if would be nice if the window went all the way up to the top . I recommend this product and the seller , who got it to me promptly with a little scoop as a surprise inside .
 Have used them for quite awhile and they are great . Lids matched my kitchen and they are easy to clean .
 I wanted a Tupperware canister set because I had one before and liked it . The covers on the canister are little hard to put on and off but I imagine that comes easier with use . I believe the price was right and it came on time .
 HAVE BEEN BUYING TUPPERWARE AND THIS DEALER HAS BEEN GREATEVERTHING JUST ASIT WAS PRINTED I AM HAPPY.THIS TUPPERWARE SET GETS THE JOB DONE
 I did n't buy these willingly , my partner had them and somehow my dog grabbed the 2 LARGEST ones and carried them out through the doggie door to the backyard and destroyed them . I ordered them to replace the damaged ones . That said , if you press the center of the lid to open and close as instructed , seals are both easy to open and easy to close . Also stay airtight . Reminds me that plasticware that is n't cheap , ... is n't cheap . Good stuff and worth the money .
 These canisters are the best ever ! Once sealed , the contents stay fresh for a very long time . And also , I love the red seals ! I did my kitchen in red & white . I recommend these canisters over ANY others on the market ! Thanks for completing my kitchen !!
 I am very pleased with the quality of these canisters . The lids lock on air tight with just a push to the center . I chose red , however it would have been nice to get color that would match my decor or something in a nuetral shade .
 Bought these for my daughter in law for Christmas . They arrived in plenty of time . She was thrilled . Need to get a set for myself .
 I bought the canisters as a gift for my daughter . She was very pleased with them and i know they will last for many years .
 I have been using the DeLonghi deep fryer for several years and these filters are the best . They keep alot of grease out of the kitchen and the paper filters do a wonderful job on filtering the oil . The oil lasts a lot longer since I have used these filters . Great product .
 You get too many of the air filters for the number of oil filters you get . Nice to have them in a package and all , but if you end up with leftovers it 's not so helpful . Maybe if there 's a package of just oil filters you could keep the proportions right over several purchases .
 It is exactly what I wanted . The shipping was fast . I would not hesistate to order again .
 The filters are replacement parts for those that came with the deep fryer when newly purchased . They work as advertised .
 I have the DeLonghi deep fryer . The filters get dirty fast & have to be replaced . I do n't use the grease strainer bags . Would just like to order the filters .
 When I first bought my Deep Fat Fryer , I was very happy with it . But one thing that really bugged me was it say 's in the instruction manual you can buy these filters where ever you buy the Fryer . That was a lie ! I went to many stores , including the one where I bought my fryer and no one carries the filters ! So , for a long time I could not find the filter replacements for my fryer . I learned never go to the manufacturers because they charge a ridiculously high price for their filters . Finally I found replacement filters for my fryer .
 Received the product quickly and was exactly as described . Definitely a great value and will extend the use of the fryer .
 Not much to say -- they fit and they work.The filtration is n't magical -- lots of greasy aromas escape .
 If you have a fryer , you 'll need these filters . Eliminates some odor , smoke and grease . But there will be some residues .
 The filter work as advertised and I can not say enough about the excellent deep fryer that they are used in .
 You really need these to use with the deep fryer . They are a little pricey . but it certainly helps keep the grease clean and reusable . By the way the Deep Fryer is Great .
 I did not realize several years ago when given my Delonghi deep fryer that I would have to change the filters inside . I thought that as long as the oil was n't too old all was good . Boy was I wrong ! My deep fried foods started tasting really bad and it was n't until I bought and started using these filters that I rediscovered the taste of french fries and chicken , oh my !
 Just as advertised . These fit right into our D650UX . I bought 2 sets and could n't be happier .
 These filters worked well however I no longer use my deep fryer and prefer the washable filter in the Actifry I am currently using .
 The best way to find filters and you do not have to drive around looking for them . Very pleased with the order and rec 'd items in a timely manner .
 What can I say ? They are filters and I have n't used them yet being I just purchased the deep fryer , but they are the same as the previous filters I used on my older model deep fryer -LRB- which I gave to my son -RRB- . I 'm sure they 'll work just fine .
 DeLonghi FK6 Deep Fryer Replacement Filters for models D612 , D660 , D670 , D650UX , D677UX D689UX & D690UX.Fast delivery
 I have wanted this roasting pan for years now . It was the number one rated roasting pan by Cooks Illustrated magazine a few years ago , and it went on my list of `` someday I will buy this '' . What scared me off for so long was the price tag ... -LRB- all that money -RRB- for a roasting pan!Well , when this offer came about with the roasting pan , rack and oven mits for -LRB- less money -RRB- , I knew the time had come.My test came with Thanksgiving . I roasted the big old 20 lb . turkey with the kit . Now , as far as the turkey is concerned , I guess any roasting pan and rack would be fine to make a decent bird . The high quality pan comes into focus in two key areas
 I will not dispute all the reviews -LRB- both here and elsewhere -RRB- that say this is the best roasting pan available . I totally concur . And I love that it does not have any non-stick coating inside to wear off.But , despite what the description above says , this pan does not have the All-Clad signature `` sandwich '' of stainless-aluminum-stainless . This pan is constructed entirely of stainless-steel , albeit very thick stainless-steel . I do not believe this makes it any less useful for its intended purpose.Also , this pan is make in Korea for All-Clad . And I believe the rack is made in China.Speaking of the rack , there are two versions of the rack . One has the handles at the ends -LRB- ie
 This was the best `` investment '' I 've made in the kitchen . If you love to cook , you MUST have this roasting pan . I use if for everything ; chicken , roastbeef , prime rib , turkeys , pot roasts . It has never let me down . Everything turns out to perfection . You will not be disappointed . After going through several cheap roasting pans , I splurged for the ultimate . It 's worth every penny .
 Great combo , excellent quality you wo n't be disappointed . I like the nonstick finish on the roasting rack as it makes cleanup a snap . A non-scratch pad , like a dobie , and a little bar-keeper 's friend and the pan is easy to maintain . Besides great for roasting , I also use this pan as a water bath for my springform pan when making cheesecakes . The pan is really heavy which is great for holding heat and the raised handles makes it easy to grab . I like multi purpose pans and being a great roaster and a good water bath this pan fit the bill . I like the size as it fits well in my oven . Stainless will last forever with a little reasonable care . This set should make a good addition to your kitchen arsenal !
 As many reviewers have said , this is an excellent roasting pan/rack combo.Just to clarify the above information , this pan is NOT made of stainless-aluminum-stainless `` sandwich '' construction . It is entirely stainless steel -LRB- albeit very heavy duty and very high quality -RRB- . The rack is not as high quality , and I have seen them break at the welds . -LRB- Note also that there seem to be two varieties of rack , those with handles on the `` short '' sides and those with handles on the `` long '' sides . The latter seems to be the newer variety and more sturdy than the former ...
 I stepped up from the black , speckled roasting pans you get at the grocery store . I 've had my All Clad pan for a year and purchased it before Cook 's Illustrated latest review.I made my best turkey ever . I had to give up my family 's traditional overnight roasting recipe , but I think this is better . Crisp skin and I can make gravy in the pan.I 've used this pan once and my only problem was that I noticed my drippings were burning , so I added a scant amount of water to the pan . This year , I 'll lower the oven temperature slightly.It 's a good , heavy pan . When you pull this out of the oven , you feel like you 've done something ! Easier to clean than my supermarket version.With only one use , I have n't observed any of the warping mentioned in other reviews . I will update my review if warping occurs.Update 1/7/07
 Love this pan . My husband thinks I 'm a kitchen gadget freak -LRB- I am ! -RRB- , but when he decided to use this roti , he absolutely LOVED it ! It 's heavy-duty , solid , and easy to clean -LRB- you do n't need non-stick coating -RRB- . We highly recommend this roti pan.Never buy the roasting pans with hinged handles , they are hard to handle with oven mitts -- especially dangerous when hot coming out of the oven .
 This pan is wondreful to cook in . I am thrilled with the quality . It is very heavy duty and just plain heavy . I purchased this to be both a roaster and lasagne pan and I love it . I can make a mega batch of lasagne with my fresh goat cheese and feed the whole family . The great roasts are a bonus . The oven mitts hang around the kitchen for decoration as the one and only time I tried to use them I burnt my arm rather badly on the handle and have a scar exactly that shape . I 'm not used to mitts and will stick to my hot pads from now on .
 I am very happy with the look and ease of my new spice holder . It 's less space on my counter and gives it a modern clean look . I read a review about spices falling out of the holes . To get around this and to put in my own spices , I used a lable maker and put the lable on the side of the jar that faces down to make sure that I always put the lid on correctly so that the spices do n't fall through any holes that are lined up . Also , I do n't have any ugly lables showing which makes it even more clean looking . It 's not perfect , but it was n't hard to make it work perfectly for me .
 Ive had this for a few months and so far so good . I was worried after reading some of the reviews about the magnets not sticking but I havent had a problem . I love having my spices right there and not in a big caddy taking up counter space !
 I purchased this item last week and it just arrived - I have a very tiny kitchen and decided not to use the actual rack - but put the tins on my fridge ! Still a great value without the rack though , the spices seem like they are pretty good quality .
 worked well for what I needed - something I could put my magick-work herbs in and then hang on the wall , out of the way . However , it has rough edges in some spots of the metal . Personally , I did n't like that it came with spices .
 I really like this spice rack . I mostly use it for storing loose tea , it 's the perfect size . I will be buying another one soon .
 I love the flexibility of storage with this product . I just wished to magnets were stronger .
 Bought this almost a year and a half ago . I 've been using plain old spice jars from grocery stores before this and this was definitely much better looking . The little tin cans are very nice and professional looking with two types of ways to pour . You can use the perforated holes for smaller amounts , or the bigger gap to pour large amounts . The tops stay on very well , so you wo n't have to worry about the top coming off and spices going everywhere.The bottom of each tin has a magnet so you can stick them to pretty much any metal fixture if you do n't wish to use the spice rack . Personally , I do not like the spice rack because it is a little cumbersome . You can hang the spice rack like a picture frame on the wall , which is a nice alternative to leaving it on the table . I 've been keeping mine in a drawer and they look nice this way.The set includes some spices and labels for each tin . Unfortunately , they do n't include any empty labels for you to write your own spices on . I used a simple label maker to make my own labels and they look perfectly fine . The spices that are included are pretty common spices and are in little bags when they arrive . I did n't really have a use for most of them so they are just sitting around the house.The nice thing about these is that you can buy additional tins if you need them and they look the same.Overall a great addition to your kitchen . Very professional looking and should last you for a long time .
 We have a small modern apartment and love to cook . I put my 12 favorite spices in this rack and it looks great on our counter and takes up very little room . I really like it !
 UPDATE -LRB- -LRB- I 've now had this product for about a year and a half . The only problems I have had since my initial review are that some of the magnets came off the back of the tins after about a year . However , I did have them mounted over the stove and the heat may have affected the glue . A little glue and they were fine . Another issue is that the lids are not super tight and sometimes the spices get lodged in between the lid and the can and make it hard to turn , then when you take the lid off the lodged spices fall onto the counter . When comparing the prices of other similar products , I would buy this again . It has been helpful and convenient with some minor flaws -RRB- -RRB- Original
 I read a few not so favorable reviews , mostly stemming from problematic attachment of the stand -LRB- which mine does not suffer -RRB- , but I decided to order it anyway , figuring the potential upside eclipses any issues with the stand -LRB- you can also wall mount it -RRB- . Well it has paid off , as the magnets work as promised , the tines stay sealed tight , and the tops rotate to open two different sized outlets for the spices . I pitched the included spices and filled it with my own . As for labels , there are many clear preprinted labels available for purchase here or elsewhere to accommodate your own spices . I honestly have never seen a better designed spice rack , and it has worked beautifully .
 I have had this product for a couple months now . One of my jars the magnet came off , but I easily re-glued it . I think the containers are a little larger than I expected , and many I have not filled up completely . I have no problems with the container 's openings and have not had many spills . I am concerned that the spices may not stay fresh and may receive humidity damage . I was disappointed that the metal stand has small indentations for each container - I wanted to place them at random on the stand - now they will always be organized neatly -LRB- This may not necessarily be a con to you -RRB- . Additionally , I wish they had given me the list of spices included : Caraway , Mustard Seed , Coriander , Marjoram , Oregano , Basil , Parsley , Italian Seasoning , Bay Leaves , Pizza Seasoning , Rosemary , and Mint .
 After reading the prior review , I was compelled to write . The rack looks great , works great , and does come with a full complement of spices . Unfortunately , my stand was also disattached from the face when it arrived . It is easy to see why as the metal attachments are very small and appear easy compromised . This is a design flaw . Fortunately , I was planning to hang mine anyway so I am staisfied with it .
 The product came quickly , and we were very happy with it . It is hanging on the wall - takes a little more space on the counter than expected - and was easy to work with . Very happy !
 bought this spice rack purely for organizational / aesthetic reasons . it 's easy to use and looks great in the kitchen !
 Bought as a gift for my son 's apartment . Sits nice on his counter . The magnets are great . The canisters are nice too . Larger than they look on the web site . I was nicely surprised to see the shaker and pour spout when you turn the tops . He liked it too . Thinking about getting myself one and getting rid of my old spice rack .
 Exactly what the cook ordered for the kitchen . If you want to use it as a counter top , the easel sets up instantly and voila , you are ready to go . If you want to wall mount it -LRB- as we did -RRB- it gets a little trickier -LRB- no mounting hardware is included -RRB- as you might want to bypass the easel mechanism and mount it with firring strips . A little more work than anticipated , but once it was up , it works like a charm ... and it 's attractive , too .
 I bought this spice rack because I love spice racks and have lots and lots of spices . I chose this particular spice rack because I liked the clear tops and the idea of the magnetic tins . I have n't had any problems with it in the year that I have owned it . The magnets have n't fallen off or weakened , spices have n't been caught in the lid , nothing has broken . I love the little tins , the clear lids and magnets are all I had hoped they would be.The reason I knocked off a star for this spice rack was for the way the lids were designed . I thought it was very clever at first - there is a little oval hole in the side of the tin at the rim , and the lid has some little holes punched into one side and then a little oval hole punched near those . The idea is to twist the lid to align the sprinkle holes or the dump holes . The holes in the side of the container , rather than the top , are nice because they leave the top clear to see through easily . But in reality it does n't work very well . The sprinkle setting does n't sprinkle very well and the dump setting does n't let out much more than the sprinkle setting . In addition , you have to check carefully that the tin is shut properly before putting it back on the rack.I still love this rack , perhaps because I did n't try to fight the design flaws . Instead I filled the tins with spices that need to be measured in larger quantities so I have to remove the lid and ca n't use the annoying lid holes .
 These Magnetic spice racks are great , and come with free spice refills for 5 years -LRB- you pay shipping - bout a dollar each -RRB- The spice rack mounts easily , holds well and looks absolutely awesome!A great gift for anyone ; a great addition to any kitchen !
 The magnets are plenty strong . Some of the spices are not really what I would keep in stock regularly -LRB- pizza seasoning , mint , etc -RRB- .
 I love my spice rack . I was hoping to hang it on the wall , but it was just a liitle too tall for the space between the counter and cabinets , but it really takes up very little counter space . I do with the opening was easier to find , it seems that I spin the lid around several times trying to find it . Maybe an indention or mark where the opening is . Other than that , I am very happy with my purchase . I fill the tins with my own seasonings , but it does come with seasonings . I did n't use the lables since I use differnt spices , but a small strip of masking tape and a sharpie work just fine for me . I think this is a great value for as many containers as you get .
 no problems with the magnets falling off of the base . attached easily to the wall . great for a small kitchens with not much counter space .
 I ended up removing the easel back from this to get it to hang flat against the wall , which is what I wanted . Now it looks great and I have had no trouble with the magnets at all.UPDATE : I have had this rack for almost a year now and I am VERY pleased with it . I have had no trouble with the magnets at all and if I did have one fall off , as nothing lasts forever especially glue in a steamy kitchen , I certainly would find the time to glue it back on right away . It is an excellant addition to a spacesaver wall in my kitchen . Looks great with all my other steel products there .
 We got this to put tiny art supplies in - wiggly eyes , pom poms , beads , etc. . . We actually tossed the back part and the spices and are just using the tins -LRB- it was cheaper than any other option of just getting the tins -RRB- . We nailed a metal cookie sheet to the art shelf and then just stick the tins to it with their goodies in it . It works exactly as I hoped and we are really happy with it so far !
 This spice rack was exactly what I was looking for . My kitchen is small , so I needed something that would mount on the wall , but would still look like . With my stainless steel appliances , this was perfect . The spices are all labeled , off my counter , and add a nice look to my wall . I love this product and would recommend .
 I like that you have option to either use the rack free-standing or mounted on a wall , or to use the canisters themselves on the refrigerator . The feature which prompted me to buy this product over similar ones was the dispensing options on the lid.A welcome addition to this product would be the inclusion of a blank sheet of labels . I used only four of the ones provided , then used a word program and clear labels purchased from Avery to print out my own .
 This is a great pot for making small batches of soup and casseroles for one . I also think the design is beautiful . All Clad quality means that it heats evenly and quickly . Because it has the stainless finish , it is dishwasher safe . Barkeepers Friend keeps it looking good.I think it is a very versatile pot ; it 's a great size for making side dishes for family meals .
 This is a beautiful , practical -LRB- or should I say , practical , beautiful -RRB- piece . It is called a `` Casserole for Two '' but that would be two that are very hungry . I use it mainly for soups . It goes from cooktop to tabletop perfectly . When I do use it in the oven for a casserole , the same is true . It is a beautiful serving dish . The pan cleans easily . I cook for two -LRB- sometimes three or four -RRB- and use the `` Casserole for Two '' frequently and love it . Jo
 This is one of my favorite pans . I love making casseroles and this pan is just the right size for me , I always have enough left overs for taking to work . I think I hear some chicken and dumplins calling me from the kitchen right now ...
 I am very happy with the quality . My guess is it is abt a 200-250 thread count . It has the feel of an average cartoon sheet/comforter set at walmart . It does slightly bleed -LRB- if you are looking for it -RRB- so I would suggest washing it in cold water and never washing it with anything else . The colors are nice and bold -LRB- looks good with brown walls -RRB- . I would suggest washing the sheet seperately from the comforter just because the comforter is so dark and sheets are light . If you like bedding a bit softer use liquid fabric softener and get a solid colored fuzzy blanket from the store to use between you and the comforter . It also shipped fast - we did the free supersave shipper because it was through Amazon.com and they got it right out to us . Also , to save money use the flat sheet as a bed skirt ! It turned out so nice cause it 's edged with baseball stitching :--RRB- The pillow case also has scooby on both sides of it ! -LRB- We ordered two matching sets because my boys share a room-4yr & 2yr old -RRB-
 My son loved his new sheet set and loves his bedroom now because of his Scooby Doo bedding .
 These items arrived on time . I have two adjustable beds and you ca n't use regular dust ruffels on them . I was able to attach these dust ruffels with small pins -LRB- made specifilly for this product , sold separately -RRB- . The dust ruffel stays in place and now there is no gap between the duvet and the floor .
 This is perfect especially for the price ! I looked everywhere for a dust ruffle like this - easy to put on and remove b/c it does n't need to go under the mattress . I needed a long dust ruffle b/c my bed is on risers and this is long enough to almost go the floor which is perfect !
 I have a king size Beauty Rest Mattress , just to spin it is an ordeal . Pick it up to put a regular bed skirt on it is torture . Also I have a 7 '' box spring . . This bed skirt is wonderful took 3 minutesw to put it on . I was also able to raise or lower the bed skirt so it would cover my box spring and notWrap Around Dust Ruffle - Queen/King Roselay in a pile on my floor . I am buying one is every color .
 I purchased this for our king size bed after we bought a new mattress and box spring , as I did not want to lift the huge new mattress to put the old dust ruffle back on . This ruffle was higher quality than I expected -- the material is very nice and not too thin , the dust ruffle on the elastic goes around the bed very easily , and I have not had a problem with the ruffle slipping . It is great to be able to put this dust ruffle on and take it off so easily ! Not having to try to lift an enormous mattress is something that I do not miss . I just ordered another one in ivory for the spring . I would definitely recommend this item .
 Very nice actually . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality , considering the price . Not having to remove the mattress from the bed is a real plus . To know one needs special pins to keep it is place would have been a plus to know beforehand , having never used wraparounds before I did n't have any on hand , and could have ordered them on line at the same time if I had known they were needed . I had to settle for the little screw in upholstery pins , because that is the only kind WalMart carries here . These do nor hols as well as the two pronged type .
 I have a weird shaped bed that means I ca n't use most bed skirts so this was great . It wraps around my bed frame perfectly and looks very nice . The only problem is , that on my metal posts it keeps riding down/doesn ' t stay up . So you have to pull them up once you make the bed . But I am not sure if there is really anything that could be done about that with the type of bed I have so I am pretty happy with this product .
 I hesitated to order this after reading some of the reviews , however , it is really very nice . The dust ruffle is the correct length and fits snugly on the full size bed and also on the daybed in the guest room . The elastic is a great idea and I no longer have to fight with the mattress to put it into place . I actually bought two of them and I am quite pleased .
 order came in a timely fashion . fits around my king size bed perfectly . only complaint was that it was super wrinkley but that only has to do with packaging ... very pleased . couldnt find much in the the line of bed skirts without having to buy a whole bed set . this was exactly what i was looking for . thanks .
 The wrap-around dust ruffle is a great idea . However , it sags in the middle . So I ended up safety-pinning the long edges to the mattress . That works fine .
 I really like this dust ruffle . It was so easy to put on , even on a king-size bed . It also looks nice . I searched for a wrap-around dust ruffle for a long time . This one is great .
 Got this after having the dust ruffles that go under the mattress , after sliding this way and that and getting dirty , I decided to go for the elastic wrap around and could n't be happier . I did need the little pins to fasten it in place , but am very happy with the fit and knowing I can take it off and wash it , now that 's a plus .
 Wonderful product , better than I expected . It looks very nice on the bed and it is great not to have to lift the heavy mattress .
 I am pleased with item but would it be possible to have these made in three sections with ties ?
 Just got it on the bed all by myself , looks wonderful . Somebody should have thought of this years ago .
 I bought this dust ruffle thinking it would be difficult to put on the mattress , I 'm so glad it was n't . Needs a little ironing but otherwise perfect .
 Great dust ruffle . Quality material with plenty of elastic so it stays in place.No shifting while making or using the bed . Will purchase another in beige .
 I want to first say , whoever came up with this idea is a genius . This eliminates the need to struggle with a king size mattress , try to keep the bed skirt from slipping and sliding all over the place and ripping the paper like material so many of them are sewn to . It is great quality , easy to put on , and looks great . I have a bed that sits low to the ground and this is easily adjustable . I am well pleased with this product .
 I was pleased with the product . It arrived quickly and in great condition . It was exactly what I was looking for . Shopping at Amazon.com is the easiest shopping trip I have ever taken !
 Best thing I 've done for me to make things simple , so easy to put on and off , no more lifting the mattress , save your back and get this , It washes great , I am very pleased .
 After decades spent wrestling mattresses on and off box springs every time I wanted to change out or launder a dust ruffle , this is the perfect solution . It takes less than a minute to put it on or take it off and if you find it moves around too much , a couple of well-placed t-pins is all you need . The only reason I 'm giving this dust ruffle 4 stars instead of 5 is that it only comes in 5 colors . C'mon , you 've made changing out dust ruffles a piece of cake -- now give us more choices so we 've got a reason to change them out .
 this is a very nice addition to my homemade Quilt and been a really nice color change in my room -- and an excellent product
 This is a product I would recommend for anyone that does not like the tradition under the mattress dust ruffles . These stay in place much better , also with the elastic to hold it in place , makes it a breeze to pull off to be washed when needed .
 I had been looking at these types of bed skirts for a while and finally decided to purchase one . I just love it !! I have one on our queen size bed and also one on my son 's twin . I was so sick of dealing with the other types of bed skirts and how much of a pain they are to take off and put on the bed , not to mention just trying to tuck sheets under the matress . This type is so easy to put on and you do n't need any help trying to get them on or off . I love the fact that I can slip it off easily and wash it . I am thinking of getting a few more in different colors so I can change them when the mood strikes . I would recommend this to anyone who likes something easy .
 This is an amazing product - When I ordered it I was concerned that because if was queen/king it would be stretched to the hilt to fit around my king-sized bed - but not the case - Plenty of room to spare - and it was long enough for my extra-deep mattress . It went on so easily - just pull the elastic over the mattress and down the sides . It stays in place beautifully and requires no ironing - it was virtually wrinkle-free - I just touched it up in the dryer for a few minutes . So nice to be able to order this in colors - gives a much more ` finished ' look to the bedroom ... . Gone are the days of trying to get my mattress over the dust ruffle without tugging / clipping and eventually ripping it ... I will never go back to a full bed ruffle again ...
 This was easier to put on my bed than I had anticipated.I 've always liked the look of dust ruffles on a bed but the thought of trying to get them UNDER the mattress made me shy away from them -- especially since I have one of those heavy memory foam mattress sets.This was a breeze to put on and looks really good . I 'm glad that I ordered 2 colors because it is so easy to change when I change quilts .
 This dust ruffle was easy to put around the bed , covered the box spring nicely , and was totally free of wrinkles after washing and drying . Looks great on the bed , and the wrap-around style makes tucking in the sheets much easier .
 This is exactly what I wanted . I ordered the white for the summer and it came and it is a crisp white , perfect . I will order a darker color for the winter . It was a breeze to put on . No struggling with the mattress .
 Greatest things since &#34; Green Tennies &#34; for a king size bed especially . I 'd highly recommend it for any bed actually . Easy to take off and wash and replace .
 Received this timely . Quality was good . No need to take the mattress off . This was very easy to put on .
 I was very pleased with this product . Fit the bed nicely and I loved the color . Very prompt shipping as well . Good value for the money . Will definitely order from this company again if the need arises .
 I love these bed skirts , especially for the price . They look good , are easy to put on and stay in place . I will be ordering another color if possible . The only drawback is that the top of the box springs do show around the top edge , but small price to pay for the convenience , especially when making the bed .
 I was a little worried about this product when I read some of the reviews . The material was cheap and etc. , but it is great . When washed it comes out with no wrinkles and it is easy to put on the bed . I 'm 76 and lifting a King size mattress is impossible for me anymore . This was so easy to put on the bed , but I did purchase some Tacks to help hold it in place , as my dog likes to scratch his back on the bottom of the bed .
 This dust ruffle is cheap , easy to put on the bed , and looks passable . It arrived wadded up and very wrinkled , necessitating either ironing or washing and ironing . I chose the easier method and put it around my mattress quickly , needing no help to install it . It looks crisp and clean but not fancy . It is adequate for my little-used guest bed . It will be quick to take off and wash when that is needed .
 I bought a $ 300 aerobed for guest use . This serves well as a bed skirt , completely hides the bottom of the aerobed and stays put . I do n't know that I would use it on a regular bed though . It might slip between the mattress and box spring . For inflatable mattresses that are the raised type this is excellent for making it look more like a regular bed .
 I had a difficult time finding affordable , pretty and simple pink shams for my bedroom but these fit the bill ! Lovely shade of pink and superfast shipping what else could you ask for !
 I have a bunch of stuff under my bed usually , so it sucked before that everyone could see what I had under my bed . Now with this , everything can be thrown down there and it 'll still look nice and tidy . I also love how fits on every bed side . it 's great . but keep in mind , a part of it has no ruffles , so this only works with beds that have one side towards a wall .
 Very easy to put on a bed , elastic stretches easily so you do n't have to fight with it . I got it in burgundy and it seems to blend good with a comforter I already had . If you do n't want to have to lift a mattress all the time then I recommend you try these .
 I have a king bed easy to put on . Was what I expected , just would tell you to Iron before putting on the bed , I tried the just let it hang and the wrinkles will fall out ... does n't work that way .
 This product is really cool . Its easy put on and take off . I really do recommend this really nice bed skirt .
 It was difficult to find a colored dust ruffle in the local stores . This was what I was looking for .
 I have a new adjustable bed and am having difficulty figuring out bedding as the mattress and foundation bend for bed adjustments . This works well . Quality is just ok since material a little thin but at least you ca n't see the foundation now .
 I got the item quickly and had it steamed and on my bed within 1 hour . It does have the fold line from storage but my handy steamer took those right out . I will be buying more as I redecorate because they are just so dang simple to put on and I will need more colors ... LOVE IT .
 This stylish and comfortable pillow is great for travelling . The foam holds it shape and provides the support you need . It is long and that makes it hard to carry around if you do n't have a larger carry-on bag , but it 's worth it to have the comfort it provides .
 My other half suffers from neck issues , and has used bone type pillows for years . We wind up fighting for the bone , growling like angry dogs ! This one is just for me . I used to pile up pillow after pillow , only to sink right back down . The Bone does n't slide the way bed pillows do , so both sleeping and watching TV have a new level of comfort . Try one , you 'll love it !
 I ordered this item after having hip surgery , sleeping in a recliner left my neck very sore . I am very petite , and this pillow seems a tad too overstuffed for a small person . It puts just a bit too much strain on the neck . I still use it , and it is still better than no neck pillow at all . Before receiving this item , I was using rolled-up towels , and this item works better than my contrived pillows . I also have used it as a pillow for under my knee , and as an ankle rest , just to change around my leg position a bit.Pillow is attractive . After two weeks of use , it has n't compressed or lost any of its loft . I would bring this along for long car trips or flights . Pillow is made in China , but finished in the United states . This would make a lovely get-well gift for anyone who has to spend a lot of time stationary .
 Can not say enough good things about the dogbones neck pillow . I was having a lot of pain in my neck and shoulders so I purchased this after reading all the great reviews . It is fabulous . I use it in bed to watch t.v. , sleep with , etc. . My husband loved it so much I purchased another one . Another fabulous feature is that it washes extremely well and retains it shape . Love love love .
 I started having troubles with my neck several months ago . It just does n't seem to go away . Although I do n't think all the issues come from the way I sleep or the pillow I use , I thought that might be part of it . A friend on Etsy told me about this pillow . For $ 9 , I figured it was definitely worth a try . Well ... it was money WELL spent ! I love it ! I go to sleep on this pillow and it is SO relaxing to my neck . It just feels good ; even helps with headaches . Although I squirm my way off of it several times in the night , I spend most of the night sleeping on it and it really does help . I wake up with a lot less pain than I had before . It does n't completely cure my neck pain ; I still get it about middle of the afternoon . But , it does help it . Well worth the money ! I intend on getting on for my sister for Christmas . -LRB- Hmmm ... Hope she does n't read this ! -RRB- The ONLY reason that I give it four stars is because the fabric and style selection is very poor . I got the Tattoo one and am not overjoyed with its appearance . It was the best of a bunch of ugly ones . They need solid colors , nicer , more chic patterns , etc. . Aside from that -LRB- which is n't that big of a deal -RRB- , I would give it five stars.Love my Neckbones !
 Nice fabric and soft . Perfect size for traveling in a car or plane !!! Also a neat gift item , I think !!
 I have been using my DogBones pillow for several years now , and absolutely love it ! In fact , I do n't know how I was ever able to function without it . I was thrilled to see that it was available on Amazon , as my local store no longer carries them . This pillow is extremely versatile and can be used virtually anywhere . I use it in bed , on the couch , and when traveling . It is great for people like me , who have chronic neck/shoulder problems . For sleeping , I either use it alone or place it on top of two regular sized pillows -LRB- one soft , the other somewhat firm -RRB- that are propped up at a slight angle against my headboard . It can be used like this when lying on your back or your side . For those concerned with sleep lines or wrinkles ; simply position yourself so that only your ear and the back of your head are resting on the pillow . I would definitely recommend this product to others . I have tried others like it , but none have been comparable .
 This is the best neck pillow for traveling ! I 've used it for years and was hoping I 'd find another one just like it . It travels well and is suitable for plane seats , car seats , and the bed ! My arthritic neck adjusts well to its ' contours ! Thanks for offering such a great item !
 I love this pillow ! I have at least 6 of them scattered all over the house . Many fabric choices too.The pillow provides just the right amount of neck support . I use it long ways when watching TV or napping with my head on arm of sofa . It also works great as a cushion for my feet when I prop my feet up on the coffee table -LRB- yep , I am guilty -RRB- but it protects the table at the same time -LRB- I can justify anything -RRB- . I also use it as back support on those achy back days.It is just the right size so it stays clear of my nose . I have sinus issues therefore I do not like anything that blocks or comes close to my nose . Whenever I have a sinus headache , I use 2 pillows . One propped behind my neck to keep the airway as clear as possible and the other pillow I pull across my eyes and bridge of nose . I then put my hands through loops on top pillow to obtain the desired pressure . It sounds weird but it works for me and it does not interfere with my breathing.I hope I never have to take a trip without at least one of these pillows with me . They are much more comfortable than those blow up or bean filled pillows . The design cradles my head better and allows more flexibility in placement . I also use it for back support on long plane trips , book prop while reading and/or as a guest pillow at those places with uncomfortable pillows.What could make it more perfect ? A pillow case . I make my own . Try one . You will like it .
 Bought several of these a few months ago for my children and me . My mom borrowed one for a trip . She loved it so much I bought this one for her birthday . Needless to say , she was thrilled with the gift . I also like the fact they come in so many different fabrics . We can each tell ours from each others.More importantly , these pillows cradle the neck very well . They are good not only while sleeping upright as when traveling , but for sleeping while lying down . I used mine in lieu of a hotel pillow recently for several nights and slept really well . I also use mine while on the couch watching TV . While they might look like a novelty pillow , they are much more .
 What a great litte pillow . I ca n't wait to use it on my 16 hour plan trip I 'm taking . I even used it in bed and it was really great for my neck . I may order a few more for gifts .
 I love this ! I keep it in my car and have had it for several years now . It 's comfortable , washable and has held up perfectly . I use it if I 'm waiting for someone to get in the car and I lay down for awhile .
 I purchased one of these and loved it so much that I had to buy another to keep at my boyfriend 's place because I missed mine when I visited ! It really helped relieve tension in my neck , and it 's also great to prop on top of a regular pillow to sit up against it while you are reading in bed . I told all of my friends about these pillows ! I even took one camping this summer since it 's a bit smaller than my regular pillow . It was very very comfortable !
 This pillow is soft , yet supports your neck perfectly . It 's great for watching TV or lying down for a nap . I like mine so much , I bought 3 for gifts !
 I use these pillows on my adult son . He 's bedridden as a quadriplegic and comatose . They keep his arm contractions separated . Keeps his feet off the bed to prevent bed sores and they make a great neck pillow for ANYONE . In the last 12 years I can say that I have purchased close to 3-4 dozen of these . I wash them in the machine constantly and they do lose some of there fluffiness but they still do the trick !!
 I 've been using NeckBones for more than 10 years , always buying a spare in case my old one wears out . My local store no longer carries them , so I decided to look on-line . I was given one of those new , squishy pillows as a gift , and I tried it , but there 's no comparison . I use my NeckBone for traveling and sleeping due to a neck problem , and I would never go anywhere without it .
 This is the best pillow for sleeping on long flights , for your back while driving and for your office chair . I own several and wo n't leave home without one .
 I recv 'd this pillow quickly . It is a great travel pillow for your neck . I love mine and use it often .
 This is the best chiropractic/therapeutic pillow , and I 've tried a lot.If you have back/neck problems , or if you just want to be comfortable , then you should buy one of these.A bonus
 Purchased neck pillow to use with chi machine . Love the look and is very comfortable . I am ordering another one for my dad . Great value and was shipped promptly . No complaints .
 I love this pillow . I sleep with it , and take it to my road trips . I plan to take it on my upcoming flight also . I am a small framed female and this contours my neck nicely . I love the pattern of the fabric too , it goes well with pale green or pale blue bedding !
 This is just perfect for sitting in my recliner watching TV . The back of my head gets so sore if I spend more than a couple of hours in my recliner -LRB- hey , do n't judge me ! -RRB- , and I start to get a headache . I 've been sick for the last three days , and this little gem has been a godsend ! It 's helped keep my head from hurting in my recliner and was indispensable when I was trying to sleep -LRB- and breathe ! -RRB- through the congestion . It 's designed so the skinnier part goes behind your neck , and the bulkier parts on the sides , which is a very natural fit for me . I 'm very happy with my purhase and would definitely recommend it . I 'm thinking of getting a couple more ... so many patterns to choose from !
 These neck supports used to be very available . However of late they have been quite scarce . Was so pleased to find them again . I simply love mine and use it all the time . I got a good supply of them for gifts because all my friends have been asking for them . They are wonderful for traveling , watching TV , or anything else . We are very happy with them.Thank you , Carol Hett
 I cook a lot , private chef . Bought this for myself , great for asparagus & perfect for pasta . Basket webbing is small enough so I can steam smaller items , basket hook a good feature . Added plus , it does not take up a lot of storage space . Liked it so much that I got one for my daughter . I recommend it .
 I 've got this pot on GoldBox deal and recently started cooking with it . I really like it . It 's very narrow so it would fit on a smallest burner of my glass cooktop . It has a perfect flat bottom - a must for glass cooktop . The insert made from mesh not wires , so nothing falls thru the walls . I cooked asparagus and it was just perfect . You can put pasta , vegies etc into the basket and it is very easy removable . The little hook let 's you get the basket higher - away from watter on the bottom - and dry it . I believe you can do deep frying in this pot - I 've just never tried it yet . Anyway if you on a market for this kind of cookware you should consider this pot .
 On balance this is a good product . It is well made and does the job . I wish it were two inches deeper though . The normal length of the long pastas such as linguini are just about 11/2 inches longer than the depth of the pot so you have to keep stirring it until the pasta softens and sinks completely . If you do n't , you end up with a short end of the pasta not cooked sufficiently when the rest of it is.Having said that I still think it is a very good piece of cookware and I use it frequently for various boiling tasks .
 I bought this pot to replace another pot I used for pasta - it required a ton of water to fill the basket and took forever to come to a boil . This pot is awesome ! I 'm sure it does a great job on asparagus , but I use it solely for pasta . It requires less water since the basket goes to the bottom of the pot and can hold a TON of pasta . It does a great job , and I find it to be the best I have used .
 Versatile pot with small base Fits perfectly on my small burner . Has some weight to it and is induction compatble . Insert is hefty will last as long as pot . Lid could be heavier . Only complaint induction cookware still too expensive . Use it for pasta or hard boiled eggs .
 The Flameguard Handle Holder potholder has been used daily on my ` Go To ' cast iron skillet for over six years . I would be lost without it . It 's getting a little thread bare from constant use but I would gladly buy more . Unfortunately they are no longer offered .
 We used these straps for a very heavy dresser , and so far , it has not budged .
 Purchased this to secure a referb hoosier desk & hutch we using as a changing table in our daughter 's nursery.Watched they 're youtube video to be sure I was doing this right.She 's still an infant but if she turns out to be a `` climber '' I 'll have no worries of this falling over on her.If the studs & the sheetrock hold , this little fella will do his job , NO DOUBT!After it was installed I did some `` testing '' of my own & feel very secure in having it as an anti tip device for our daughter.Don ' t worry yourselves with the plastic stuff . BUY THIS !
 I ordered these for my autistic son who has such bad gastro-intestinal problems that he tries to sleep while standing . I ordered two pillows -LRB- the other was the ` moon and stars ' print -RRB- and was very pleasantly surprised by the excellent quality of materials and workmanship . The fabric is an excellent cotton weave with a pleasantly refreshing feel ; cool and smooth . It 's easy to spot clean too . And the prints are charming and celestial.The pillows are large , firm but not too firm , and soothingly heavy . Because of the bone shape , it 's very easy to get comfortable - so many options!My son puts one or both on top of his chest-of-drawers , drapes himself over , and sleeps ! We love them .
 Make no mistake , this thing is huge . But it is multi-functional . Having had success with the smaller bones pillows providing wonderful neck support lying down , I was searching for a product that I could use lying in bed to watch t.v. . This product , with a few positional tries , allows you to lie all the way down , or prop yourself in different ways that provides joint relief to the back and neck area . I have used it underneath my legs to provide relief for my back , and more recently when forced to sleep upright due to vertigo , found it was the only thing that allowed me to get some sleep and still remain in an upright position . It is very , very large and cumbersome , and storing it will be a joke if you like a neat room . But if you are looking for something to provide relief , this may do the trick . I am tall -LRB- 5 ' 10 -RRB- , so it is the perfect size for me - not sure how comfie it would be for really short or petite people . I just wish they made it in fleece like the smaller bones products .
 I was skeptical of this product based on the picture but bought it based on the reviews . It is great . Makes reading in bed or watching TV a pleasant experience .
 I 've used this product for several years . I would love to order more if they were available . They are great for watching TV and for reading a book in bed .
 I have a lot of neck problems and thought this would be ideal , however when it arrived I was unable to use it . Pillow very well made . Good quality .
 I bought this chair in black to go in our basement rec room . My husband had bought one a year earlier at Bed , Bath and Beyond for $ 20 bucks - same brand and everything . I bought mine here for $ 29 . Do NOT pay $ 90 for this chair . It 's comfortable , but it 's not luxury furniture or anything . It 's just stretchy jersey fabric over a metal frame . I would n't prefer it say , to a couch or a nice arm chair . It 's good to play video games in and things like that ...
 Have this style in all bathroom 's and the style and color is just right for what I wanted . . Shows off well for selling a custom built home . . Price for these items was great , too .
 After searching the net for a lavender shower curtain I found it on Amazon.com . It is exactly what I wanted , solid color , and well made . It has metal gromets to prevent tearing by the curtain rings and is sturdy enough to stand up to the two teen agers using the shower .
 I recently purchased this shower curtain in stone . It really does have a very nice feel to it , almost like feeling a couch with microfiber suede fabric . The only thing I was surprised by was the color , I ordered the stone color but its much darker in person . It almost looks more like the tawny color that they offer . Other than that , its wonderful !
 Great shower curtain . This item was of much higher quality than I expected . After going all around town to every store , I was pleasantly surprised when I found the color shower curtain I was looking for at such a great price .
 Matches the color in the product description perfectly . Would highly recommend , and it went great with my matching towels in the bathroom .
 I was weary about buying a shower curtain via Amazon because I was afraid that I would not like the texture or the quality but I was very wrong . The picture is a little misleading . The fabric is suede-like and a bit lighter than in the picture but it is still a very well-made quality shower curtain that I know will last for quite a long time ! The color works very well with creams and browns and I am planning to do my bathroom in a southwest style . This curtain is perfect !
 I bought this shower curtain for the bath in my husbands `` mancave '' . It was exactly what I was looking for - something not so `` girly '' . It is , however , much darker than the picture . It is more of a brown faux suede rather than stone , but it is guy approved .
 This wine rack is cute and it meets its intended purpose . I purchased two to serve as both a wine rack and table.The pros : It is very easy to assemble . It takes all of 15 minutes to assemble.It has slots for wine glasses.It has enough space on its top for a glass , plate , and remote control : - -RRB- The cons : The wood pieces used to disguise or cover the screw head do not stay in place . All eight are on the floor .
 I gave this a 4 star rating because I ca n't fit my wide based wine glasses in it , I had to buy new glasses to fit in it . Which was no big deal , because I needed new wine glasses anyways , but if you have wine glasses you love then that does n't help . Plus when I have all the wine glasses in it I ca n't put wine bottles on the top rack . But considering the price and what I need it for I love it .
 I love this little wine rack , holds 6 bottles and 6 glasses and it fits perfectly in the corner on my ` bar ' table .
 the rack is small which is what i wanted , so that it would fit on top of my counter to keep out of reach of a running child or dog . it came a lot faster than i expected . i have one complaint the wine glasses i have do n't fit in the holder my bases are just a hair too wide . but all in all it is a good product . i would defiantly recommend it to a friend
 Nice Wine Rack just enough for the 6 wine bottles that I normally keep in my house only thing is that if you by the Riedel wine glasses it will not hang in the glass holders they should have made them a little wider so that it will fit all types of glasses .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister for Christmas . We put it together when she opened it . It was easy to assemble and is of great quality . She really liked it alot .
 This is durable . Nice construction and handy . My only wish is it was bigger .
 Really beautiful design ! I would get another one in a heartbeat if I needed one .
 Super nice , have had mine for almost 5 years , has held up really well and still looks brand new ! The detailing on the leaves is really nice . Overall , a super quality product .
 This is a very high quality product with enough size and weight to handle even larger fires and fireplaces . It came much faster than promised and was well packed . I doubt they sell many at $ 390 , but at $ 60 , it is a deal , even with shipping .
 This screen arrived in 3 days and they told me it would take 3 weeks . It 's exactly as shown in the photo and looks great in our family room . My guess is it would sell for 2 or 3 times the cost in a fireplace shop .
 This is a very nice screen , and so affordable ! It seems well constructed . It is darker than the picture shows , much more of a dark brownish black mesh . It looks fine in front of our gas fireplace with black metal enclosure .
 We have these shelves throughout our home . They are such an outstanding design . Everyone is amazed how they hold so much weight with NO BRACKETS . We will continue to buy these shelves whenever we need a place to display items .
 We have these shelves throughout our home . They are such an outstanding design . Everyone is amazed how they hold so much weight with NO BRACKETS . We will continue to buy these shelves whenever we need a place to display items .
 There are several versions of pumpkin porch light covers on the market , but this , the Sparkling Pumpking Porch Light Cover , looks so much better in person than others I 've seen in actual use . If you have a Party City convenient , they sell these early in season for the same price , and you 'll save the shipping cost . That said , I have no regrets , as this shipper was very efficient and speedy with the transaction , and the covers arrived in protective packaging and in great shape . I liked the original two so much I ordered two more from the same company/shipper .
 Item works as stated it stands out at night with the light on . Have a pair of these on each side of the garage door . . Real cool and decorative for Halloween
 I ordered the snowmen too . Made well so you can use multiple years . I though for the price the would be a one time use .
 These are the best I have seen . . I love the way they are made . . The construction is very durable . Withheld high gusty winds in Florida ... I am going to get another set . You will be very happy with these . Thank You
 The lights on our front porch looked pretty cool and the covers did n't reduce our ability to se the steps , etc. . Definately recommend for the Halloween dedicated .
 Will help complete our halloween decorations for next year . Have not used it yet , but they arrived in fine shape . WE currently have Snowmen on for Christmas and they have already had people ask about where we got them ...
 I bought it because it was from Sylvania , rather than no name co. . Hoping their name would mean quality , and IT DID . Quality product . It 's a tough fabric , so it wo n't punch through like paper , there are a dozen reinforcing hoops . The wire hoops are interlocked so should n't come apart . These are bright , you could light a party with them probably , certainly lit up the porch . Good visibility at 50 - 100 feet . You do n't see the faces , but , they are baseball sized bright orange balls . If I could afford more , I 'd buy them .
 its big but very cute , once you put it on your porch light it will look awesome . very pleased with the product but it took for ever to ship ... but still very cute .
 Unlike a previous review , it did not occur to me to point out this is not a face mask . I bought it to put over my porch light to get in the spirit of Halloween night which is what it is advertised for . Mine sparkles markedly and the orange color when backlit can be picked out from a goodly distance . I am not trying to put it over anything except my porch light so I ca n't really comment about the malleability issue . However , mine is very thick and seems to have some natural shape retention.The price is very reasonable for the value received , in my opinion .
 Very nice . The color is much better in person than it is online!It will go great on my bed once I 've repainted the walls ! : -RRB- P
 The jar adapter works great and allows me to make a lot of different recipes without washing dishes between . Furthermore , all the mason jars go into the dishwasher and clean w/out work !
 It 's good . It 's exactly what you want if you are looking for a glass shelf , for a corner , for `` Nick Nacks '' .
 I have a new adjustable bed and am having difficulty figuring out bedding as the mattress and foundation bend for bed adjustments . This works well . Quality is just ok since material a little thin but at least you ca n't see the foundation now .
 I got the item quickly and had it steamed and on my bed within 1 hour . It does have the fold line from storage but my handy steamer took those right out . I will be buying more as I redecorate because they are just so dang simple to put on and I will need more colors ... LOVE IT .
 Greatest things since &#34; Green Tennies &#34; for a king size bed especially . I 'd highly recommend it for any bed actually . Easy to take off and wash and replace .
 Received this timely . Quality was good . No need to take the mattress off . This was very easy to put on .
 I was very pleased with this product . Fit the bed nicely and I loved the color . Very prompt shipping as well . Good value for the money . Will definitely order from this company again if the need arises .
 I love these bed skirts , especially for the price . They look good , are easy to put on and stay in place . I will be ordering another color if possible . The only drawback is that the top of the box springs do show around the top edge , but small price to pay for the convenience , especially when making the bed .
 I was a little worried about this product when I read some of the reviews . The material was cheap and etc. , but it is great . When washed it comes out with no wrinkles and it is easy to put on the bed . I 'm 76 and lifting a King size mattress is impossible for me anymore . This was so easy to put on the bed , but I did purchase some Tacks to help hold it in place , as my dog likes to scratch his back on the bottom of the bed .
 This is a product I would recommend for anyone that does not like the tradition under the mattress dust ruffles . These stay in place much better , also with the elastic to hold it in place , makes it a breeze to pull off to be washed when needed .
 I had been looking at these types of bed skirts for a while and finally decided to purchase one . I just love it !! I have one on our queen size bed and also one on my son 's twin . I was so sick of dealing with the other types of bed skirts and how much of a pain they are to take off and put on the bed , not to mention just trying to tuck sheets under the matress . This type is so easy to put on and you do n't need any help trying to get them on or off . I love the fact that I can slip it off easily and wash it . I am thinking of getting a few more in different colors so I can change them when the mood strikes . I would recommend this to anyone who likes something easy .
 This is an amazing product - When I ordered it I was concerned that because if was queen/king it would be stretched to the hilt to fit around my king-sized bed - but not the case - Plenty of room to spare - and it was long enough for my extra-deep mattress . It went on so easily - just pull the elastic over the mattress and down the sides . It stays in place beautifully and requires no ironing - it was virtually wrinkle-free - I just touched it up in the dryer for a few minutes . So nice to be able to order this in colors - gives a much more ` finished ' look to the bedroom ... . Gone are the days of trying to get my mattress over the dust ruffle without tugging / clipping and eventually ripping it ... I will never go back to a full bed ruffle again ...
 This was easier to put on my bed than I had anticipated.I 've always liked the look of dust ruffles on a bed but the thought of trying to get them UNDER the mattress made me shy away from them -- especially since I have one of those heavy memory foam mattress sets.This was a breeze to put on and looks really good . I 'm glad that I ordered 2 colors because it is so easy to change when I change quilts .
 This dust ruffle was easy to put around the bed , covered the box spring nicely , and was totally free of wrinkles after washing and drying . Looks great on the bed , and the wrap-around style makes tucking in the sheets much easier .
 This is exactly what I wanted . I ordered the white for the summer and it came and it is a crisp white , perfect . I will order a darker color for the winter . It was a breeze to put on . No struggling with the mattress .
 this is a very nice addition to my homemade Quilt and been a really nice color change in my room -- and an excellent product
 I had a difficult time finding affordable , pretty and simple pink shams for my bedroom but these fit the bill ! Lovely shade of pink and superfast shipping what else could you ask for !
 Delivered in a timely manner . Very convenient ! Just popped it in the dryer for a few minutes to get rid of wrinkles and then placed it on my bed . Took less than 5 minutes . Looks great !
 Very easy to put on a bed , elastic stretches easily so you do n't have to fight with it . I got it in burgundy and it seems to blend good with a comforter I already had . If you do n't want to have to lift a mattress all the time then I recommend you try these .
 I have a king bed easy to put on . Was what I expected , just would tell you to Iron before putting on the bed , I tried the just let it hang and the wrinkles will fall out ... does n't work that way .
 This product is really cool . Its easy put on and take off . I really do recommend this really nice bed skirt .
 It was difficult to find a colored dust ruffle in the local stores . This was what I was looking for .
 This dust ruffle is cheap , easy to put on the bed , and looks passable . It arrived wadded up and very wrinkled , necessitating either ironing or washing and ironing . I chose the easier method and put it around my mattress quickly , needing no help to install it . It looks crisp and clean but not fancy . It is adequate for my little-used guest bed . It will be quick to take off and wash when that is needed .
 I bought a $ 300 aerobed for guest use . This serves well as a bed skirt , completely hides the bottom of the aerobed and stays put . I do n't know that I would use it on a regular bed though . It might slip between the mattress and box spring . For inflatable mattresses that are the raised type this is excellent for making it look more like a regular bed .
 order came in a timely fashion . fits around my king size bed perfectly . only complaint was that it was super wrinkley but that only has to do with packaging ... very pleased . couldnt find much in the the line of bed skirts without having to buy a whole bed set . this was exactly what i was looking for . thanks .
 The wrap-around dust ruffle is a great idea . However , it sags in the middle . So I ended up safety-pinning the long edges to the mattress . That works fine .
 I really like this dust ruffle . It was so easy to put on , even on a king-size bed . It also looks nice . I searched for a wrap-around dust ruffle for a long time . This one is great .
 Got this after having the dust ruffles that go under the mattress , after sliding this way and that and getting dirty , I decided to go for the elastic wrap around and could n't be happier . I did need the little pins to fasten it in place , but am very happy with the fit and knowing I can take it off and wash it , now that 's a plus .
 Wonderful product , better than I expected . It looks very nice on the bed and it is great not to have to lift the heavy mattress .
 I am pleased with item but would it be possible to have these made in three sections with ties ?
 Just got it on the bed all by myself , looks wonderful . Somebody should have thought of this years ago .
 These items arrived on time . I have two adjustable beds and you ca n't use regular dust ruffels on them . I was able to attach these dust ruffels with small pins -LRB- made specifilly for this product , sold separately -RRB- . The dust ruffel stays in place and now there is no gap between the duvet and the floor .
 I purchased this for our king size bed after we bought a new mattress and box spring , as I did not want to lift the huge new mattress to put the old dust ruffle back on . This ruffle was higher quality than I expected -- the material is very nice and not too thin , the dust ruffle on the elastic goes around the bed very easily , and I have not had a problem with the ruffle slipping . It is great to be able to put this dust ruffle on and take it off so easily ! Not having to try to lift an enormous mattress is something that I do not miss . I just ordered another one in ivory for the spring . I would definitely recommend this item .
 This is perfect especially for the price ! I looked everywhere for a dust ruffle like this - easy to put on and remove b/c it does n't need to go under the mattress . I needed a long dust ruffle b/c my bed is on risers and this is long enough to almost go the floor which is perfect !
 I have a king size Beauty Rest Mattress , just to spin it is an ordeal . Pick it up to put a regular bed skirt on it is torture . Also I have a 7 '' box spring . . This bed skirt is wonderful took 3 minutesw to put it on . I was also able to raise or lower the bed skirt so it would cover my box spring and notWrap Around Dust Ruffle - Queen/King Roselay in a pile on my floor . I am buying one is every color .
 Very nice actually . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality , considering the price . Not having to remove the mattress from the bed is a real plus . To know one needs special pins to keep it is place would have been a plus to know beforehand , having never used wraparounds before I did n't have any on hand , and could have ordered them on line at the same time if I had known they were needed . I had to settle for the little screw in upholstery pins , because that is the only kind WalMart carries here . These do nor hols as well as the two pronged type .
 I have a weird shaped bed that means I ca n't use most bed skirts so this was great . It wraps around my bed frame perfectly and looks very nice . The only problem is , that on my metal posts it keeps riding down/doesn ' t stay up . So you have to pull them up once you make the bed . But I am not sure if there is really anything that could be done about that with the type of bed I have so I am pretty happy with this product .
 I hesitated to order this after reading some of the reviews , however , it is really very nice . The dust ruffle is the correct length and fits snugly on the full size bed and also on the daybed in the guest room . The elastic is a great idea and I no longer have to fight with the mattress to put it into place . I actually bought two of them and I am quite pleased .
 I bought this dust ruffle thinking it would be difficult to put on the mattress , I 'm so glad it was n't . Needs a little ironing but otherwise perfect .
 I have a bunch of stuff under my bed usually , so it sucked before that everyone could see what I had under my bed . Now with this , everything can be thrown down there and it 'll still look nice and tidy . I also love how fits on every bed side . it 's great . but keep in mind , a part of it has no ruffles , so this only works with beds that have one side towards a wall .
 Great dust ruffle . Quality material with plenty of elastic so it stays in place.No shifting while making or using the bed . Will purchase another in beige .
 I want to first say , whoever came up with this idea is a genius . This eliminates the need to struggle with a king size mattress , try to keep the bed skirt from slipping and sliding all over the place and ripping the paper like material so many of them are sewn to . It is great quality , easy to put on , and looks great . I have a bed that sits low to the ground and this is easily adjustable . I am well pleased with this product .
 I was pleased with the product . It arrived quickly and in great condition . It was exactly what I was looking for . Shopping at Amazon.com is the easiest shopping trip I have ever taken !
 Best thing I 've done for me to make things simple , so easy to put on and off , no more lifting the mattress , save your back and get this , It washes great , I am very pleased .
 After decades spent wrestling mattresses on and off box springs every time I wanted to change out or launder a dust ruffle , this is the perfect solution . It takes less than a minute to put it on or take it off and if you find it moves around too much , a couple of well-placed t-pins is all you need . The only reason I 'm giving this dust ruffle 4 stars instead of 5 is that it only comes in 5 colors . C'mon , you 've made changing out dust ruffles a piece of cake -- now give us more choices so we 've got a reason to change them out .
 The two mixing bowls look lovely and are a unique item . The reason I note their appearance is because for those of us who admire this pattern , an issue has arisen with China now manufacturing some of the pieces . Most of us prefer the pieces made in England but a bigger problem is that no where in the description is the country of manufacture noted . I ordered this set of bowls not knowing if they were made in China or England -- and I do n't like surprises . But , the reality is the bowls look great and I am glad I ordered them , although I 'd rather they were made in England . I 'm all for progress , but Spode has been made in England since 1938 -- it is an inseparable pairing and a part of the history of this brand . It is disappointing to see the tradition , and sometimes the quality , diminished by out-sourcing some of the manufacturing to China .
 I bought this cabinet in 2006 and put it together myself . It was very easy -LRB- but surprisingly heavy -RRB- and it does n't look cheap at all . I use it as a pantry and it really is nice looking . I 'd like to add that parts were damaged during delivery , and I called the company -LRB- O'Sullivan -RRB- as directed on the packing slip . The company immediately sent out replacement parts , free of charge.It 's unfortunate that the company has gone out of business .
 I went ahead and replied to each of the posters that commented on the micro SD expansion size but I decided to write a quick review about it.When I first got the Sansa , I found the menu system quite annoying to use . The buttons and controls all worked excellently but the method of navigation was quite irritating . After google searching , I found a new firmware that would work the the Sansa e200 models . -LSB- ... -RSB- . They have an easier navigation system and their firmware allows you to use up to 32GB micro SD drives , something the original firmware does not . It also has many options for themes , fonts , and other fun items.I 've been using the Sansa with the rockbox mod for about a year now . The Sansa I bought was a refurb and with the rockbox firmware I 've been incredibly happy . I actually found these previous reviews due to looking for a large micro SD card to expand my catalog . I do n't have to be worried about the small expansion space with this firmware . For anyone thinking about getting this , get it . Then upgrade the firmware . If you ca n't upgrade it due to lack of time or knowledge , we all usually have at least one computer geek as a family member or a friend ; -RRB- This product would have gotten a 5 star if it already came with rockbox , but since it did n't and you have to go through the trouble of changing its firmware , it gets 4 stars .
 Well , I dont know my product was used , my mistake I know , but in the future I proceed to read better the items .
 I 'm sorry the others have n't had a good experience with this model . Our experience has been great ! I took this out of storage eight hours ago , inserted a clean filter and turned it on low . The waterline is down an inch already . -LRB- The humidifier is still on low . -RRB- We 've been through several types and models of humidifiers . Do n't let the simplicity of this one fool you
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 Works like nothing else on all dirt surfaces ! Traction is so good , I had to tighten the slipper clutch to allow for tire spin when cornering . Great seller , fast shipping ! Thanks !
 We bought two of these for watching TV in bed and are very pleased . They are attractive , well made , and are perfectly sized and shaped for the task .
 This is a great supportive pillow , designed to support the head , neck and back areas when lying down or sitting . Having good results with the smaller `` dog bones '' to support sore neck and shoulders , I was anxious to find something to relieve the discomfort in bed/avoid always propping myself up with my elbow when watching t.v. . This does the trick . It is so supportive , you can actually lie all the way down and this supports your shoulders and neck so you can watch t.v. without straining . I will warn you this is huge -LRB- check the measurements -RRB- and wo n't fit in a washing machine . Spot clean only .
 Just received this product as a surprise from my husband and I LOVE it . It is much more comfortable than I thought it would be . Yes , it is large , but quite supportive . It 's not too soft or too hard . Would recommend this to anyone that would like to be more comfortable when reading or watching television in bed . Thanks Amazon !!!
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 This is a rather large piece and fit perfectly with my decor . After figuring out how I was going to hang it -LRB- ended up using a picture hanging kit - wires and picture hooks -RRB- . Although all panels are connected , keep in mind this is a scaled downed room divider , so do n't expect all panels to line up evenly if hung on a wall . Delivery time was reasonable . The artwork and detail of the piece is simply stunning .
 I live in a condo and did n't want my neighbors to be able to look into my kitchen window but I did n't want curtains to block out all of the sunlight . I thought about plantation shutters , but I am so excited I purchased this instead . Its FANTASTIC . The colors are beautiful . And the first thing people see when they walk into my kitchen is my guardian dragon . I found some fantastic curtains at JCP that match perfectly and a great rug from Target with these same colors . I 've never decorated a kitchen before , but with this screen , I actually have a focal point if you can believe it . It arrived on time . The put tissue paper between the panels so the hand painting is n't damaged . Sadly mine came with a bit of damage , but I loved him instantly and a bit of paint on my own patched him right up . I get tons of sunlight and my neighbors ca n't watch me cook . So , I immediately bought a different one from this company for my master bathroom .
 I hesitated to order this after reading some of the reviews , however , it is really very nice . The dust ruffle is the correct length and fits snugly on the full size bed and also on the daybed in the guest room . The elastic is a great idea and I no longer have to fight with the mattress to put it into place . I actually bought two of them and I am quite pleased .
 I bought this dust ruffle thinking it would be difficult to put on the mattress , I 'm so glad it was n't . Needs a little ironing but otherwise perfect .
 I have a bunch of stuff under my bed usually , so it sucked before that everyone could see what I had under my bed . Now with this , everything can be thrown down there and it 'll still look nice and tidy . I also love how fits on every bed side . it 's great . but keep in mind , a part of it has no ruffles , so this only works with beds that have one side towards a wall .
 Great dust ruffle . Quality material with plenty of elastic so it stays in place.No shifting while making or using the bed . Will purchase another in beige .
 I want to first say , whoever came up with this idea is a genius . This eliminates the need to struggle with a king size mattress , try to keep the bed skirt from slipping and sliding all over the place and ripping the paper like material so many of them are sewn to . It is great quality , easy to put on , and looks great . I have a bed that sits low to the ground and this is easily adjustable . I am well pleased with this product .
 I was pleased with the product . It arrived quickly and in great condition . It was exactly what I was looking for . Shopping at Amazon.com is the easiest shopping trip I have ever taken !
 Best thing I 've done for me to make things simple , so easy to put on and off , no more lifting the mattress , save your back and get this , It washes great , I am very pleased .
 After decades spent wrestling mattresses on and off box springs every time I wanted to change out or launder a dust ruffle , this is the perfect solution . It takes less than a minute to put it on or take it off and if you find it moves around too much , a couple of well-placed t-pins is all you need . The only reason I 'm giving this dust ruffle 4 stars instead of 5 is that it only comes in 5 colors . C'mon , you 've made changing out dust ruffles a piece of cake -- now give us more choices so we 've got a reason to change them out .
 These items arrived on time . I have two adjustable beds and you ca n't use regular dust ruffels on them . I was able to attach these dust ruffels with small pins -LRB- made specifilly for this product , sold separately -RRB- . The dust ruffel stays in place and now there is no gap between the duvet and the floor .
 I purchased this for our king size bed after we bought a new mattress and box spring , as I did not want to lift the huge new mattress to put the old dust ruffle back on . This ruffle was higher quality than I expected -- the material is very nice and not too thin , the dust ruffle on the elastic goes around the bed very easily , and I have not had a problem with the ruffle slipping . It is great to be able to put this dust ruffle on and take it off so easily ! Not having to try to lift an enormous mattress is something that I do not miss . I just ordered another one in ivory for the spring . I would definitely recommend this item .
 This is perfect especially for the price ! I looked everywhere for a dust ruffle like this - easy to put on and remove b/c it does n't need to go under the mattress . I needed a long dust ruffle b/c my bed is on risers and this is long enough to almost go the floor which is perfect !
 I have a king size Beauty Rest Mattress , just to spin it is an ordeal . Pick it up to put a regular bed skirt on it is torture . Also I have a 7 '' box spring . . This bed skirt is wonderful took 3 minutesw to put it on . I was also able to raise or lower the bed skirt so it would cover my box spring and notWrap Around Dust Ruffle - Queen/King Roselay in a pile on my floor . I am buying one is every color .
 Very nice actually . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality , considering the price . Not having to remove the mattress from the bed is a real plus . To know one needs special pins to keep it is place would have been a plus to know beforehand , having never used wraparounds before I did n't have any on hand , and could have ordered them on line at the same time if I had known they were needed . I had to settle for the little screw in upholstery pins , because that is the only kind WalMart carries here . These do nor hols as well as the two pronged type .
 I have a weird shaped bed that means I ca n't use most bed skirts so this was great . It wraps around my bed frame perfectly and looks very nice . The only problem is , that on my metal posts it keeps riding down/doesn ' t stay up . So you have to pull them up once you make the bed . But I am not sure if there is really anything that could be done about that with the type of bed I have so I am pretty happy with this product .
 This dust ruffle is cheap , easy to put on the bed , and looks passable . It arrived wadded up and very wrinkled , necessitating either ironing or washing and ironing . I chose the easier method and put it around my mattress quickly , needing no help to install it . It looks crisp and clean but not fancy . It is adequate for my little-used guest bed . It will be quick to take off and wash when that is needed .
 I bought a $ 300 aerobed for guest use . This serves well as a bed skirt , completely hides the bottom of the aerobed and stays put . I do n't know that I would use it on a regular bed though . It might slip between the mattress and box spring . For inflatable mattresses that are the raised type this is excellent for making it look more like a regular bed .
 order came in a timely fashion . fits around my king size bed perfectly . only complaint was that it was super wrinkley but that only has to do with packaging ... very pleased . couldnt find much in the the line of bed skirts without having to buy a whole bed set . this was exactly what i was looking for . thanks .
 The wrap-around dust ruffle is a great idea . However , it sags in the middle . So I ended up safety-pinning the long edges to the mattress . That works fine .
 I really like this dust ruffle . It was so easy to put on , even on a king-size bed . It also looks nice . I searched for a wrap-around dust ruffle for a long time . This one is great .
 Got this after having the dust ruffles that go under the mattress , after sliding this way and that and getting dirty , I decided to go for the elastic wrap around and could n't be happier . I did need the little pins to fasten it in place , but am very happy with the fit and knowing I can take it off and wash it , now that 's a plus .
 Wonderful product , better than I expected . It looks very nice on the bed and it is great not to have to lift the heavy mattress .
 I am pleased with item but would it be possible to have these made in three sections with ties ?
 Just got it on the bed all by myself , looks wonderful . Somebody should have thought of this years ago .
 this is a very nice addition to my homemade Quilt and been a really nice color change in my room -- and an excellent product
 I had a difficult time finding affordable , pretty and simple pink shams for my bedroom but these fit the bill ! Lovely shade of pink and superfast shipping what else could you ask for !
 Delivered in a timely manner . Very convenient ! Just popped it in the dryer for a few minutes to get rid of wrinkles and then placed it on my bed . Took less than 5 minutes . Looks great !
 Very easy to put on a bed , elastic stretches easily so you do n't have to fight with it . I got it in burgundy and it seems to blend good with a comforter I already had . If you do n't want to have to lift a mattress all the time then I recommend you try these .
 I have a king bed easy to put on . Was what I expected , just would tell you to Iron before putting on the bed , I tried the just let it hang and the wrinkles will fall out ... does n't work that way .
 This product is really cool . Its easy put on and take off . I really do recommend this really nice bed skirt .
 It was difficult to find a colored dust ruffle in the local stores . This was what I was looking for .
 This is a product I would recommend for anyone that does not like the tradition under the mattress dust ruffles . These stay in place much better , also with the elastic to hold it in place , makes it a breeze to pull off to be washed when needed .
 I had been looking at these types of bed skirts for a while and finally decided to purchase one . I just love it !! I have one on our queen size bed and also one on my son 's twin . I was so sick of dealing with the other types of bed skirts and how much of a pain they are to take off and put on the bed , not to mention just trying to tuck sheets under the matress . This type is so easy to put on and you do n't need any help trying to get them on or off . I love the fact that I can slip it off easily and wash it . I am thinking of getting a few more in different colors so I can change them when the mood strikes . I would recommend this to anyone who likes something easy .
 This is an amazing product - When I ordered it I was concerned that because if was queen/king it would be stretched to the hilt to fit around my king-sized bed - but not the case - Plenty of room to spare - and it was long enough for my extra-deep mattress . It went on so easily - just pull the elastic over the mattress and down the sides . It stays in place beautifully and requires no ironing - it was virtually wrinkle-free - I just touched it up in the dryer for a few minutes . So nice to be able to order this in colors - gives a much more ` finished ' look to the bedroom ... . Gone are the days of trying to get my mattress over the dust ruffle without tugging / clipping and eventually ripping it ... I will never go back to a full bed ruffle again ...
 This was easier to put on my bed than I had anticipated.I 've always liked the look of dust ruffles on a bed but the thought of trying to get them UNDER the mattress made me shy away from them -- especially since I have one of those heavy memory foam mattress sets.This was a breeze to put on and looks really good . I 'm glad that I ordered 2 colors because it is so easy to change when I change quilts .
 This dust ruffle was easy to put around the bed , covered the box spring nicely , and was totally free of wrinkles after washing and drying . Looks great on the bed , and the wrap-around style makes tucking in the sheets much easier .
 This is exactly what I wanted . I ordered the white for the summer and it came and it is a crisp white , perfect . I will order a darker color for the winter . It was a breeze to put on . No struggling with the mattress .
 I have a new adjustable bed and am having difficulty figuring out bedding as the mattress and foundation bend for bed adjustments . This works well . Quality is just ok since material a little thin but at least you ca n't see the foundation now .
 I got the item quickly and had it steamed and on my bed within 1 hour . It does have the fold line from storage but my handy steamer took those right out . I will be buying more as I redecorate because they are just so dang simple to put on and I will need more colors ... LOVE IT .
 Greatest things since &#34; Green Tennies &#34; for a king size bed especially . I 'd highly recommend it for any bed actually . Easy to take off and wash and replace .
 Received this timely . Quality was good . No need to take the mattress off . This was very easy to put on .
 I was very pleased with this product . Fit the bed nicely and I loved the color . Very prompt shipping as well . Good value for the money . Will definitely order from this company again if the need arises .
 I love these bed skirts , especially for the price . They look good , are easy to put on and stay in place . I will be ordering another color if possible . The only drawback is that the top of the box springs do show around the top edge , but small price to pay for the convenience , especially when making the bed .
 I was a little worried about this product when I read some of the reviews . The material was cheap and etc. , but it is great . When washed it comes out with no wrinkles and it is easy to put on the bed . I 'm 76 and lifting a King size mattress is impossible for me anymore . This was so easy to put on the bed , but I did purchase some Tacks to help hold it in place , as my dog likes to scratch his back on the bottom of the bed .
 I bought two of these and stacked them on top of each other . They were super easy to assemble and I love that the length is adjustable . I am using them for heels , so they work great . As other reviewers have mentioned , these racks are for heeled shoes . I read another review that said she just turned hers so it faces the other direction for un-heeled shoes and the shoes butt up against the wall . Makes sense to me ! As I was aware that they were for heeled shoes and that 's what I wanted , I would definitely recommend this purchase .
 I purchased this shoe rack locally about 3-4 years ago and could not find another one . I needed to stack a couple more racks for my shoe collection . I was very happy to find the closetmaid on amazon.com . I tried another shoe rack that I purchased on line . It looked like it , but it was poorly made and it fell apart while I was putting it together . I sent it back . I am very happy with my purchase .
 Assembly consisted only of tightening four screws and took just a couple minutes . The rack is expandable so you do n't waste any space in your closet . The rear bar is higher than the front one , so obviously it 's meant for shoes with a heel to catch , but apparently it 's not that obvious to one of the people who gave this item a bad rating . Any shoe with even the slightest heel will sit just perfectly on it and it looks very clean in my closet ! I 'm so happy with it I want to buy a second but I have nowhere to put it ... maybe it 's a gift .
 I am a shoe-addict and have more shoes that a girl should really need . These racks are inexpensive , but do the trick . I stack them two high and two across -LRB- yes , I needed four -RRB- but they make the closet look organized and now my shoes all fit !
 I bought this shoe rack because I own one just like it and needed another for my hubby 's shoes/boots . This versatile shoe rack is made of sturdy metal and is adjustable from approximately 25 '' to 48 '' . Its white color offers a pleasing contrast with the cedar lined walls of my closet.Other reviews have mentioned that shoes slide easily off the bars . I do n't have that problem because I turn the rack backwards -LRB- heels of shoes facing outward -RRB- and it 's up against the closet wall.Perfect for me and a great value ... I highly recommend !
 Our daughter wanted a world map for Christmas this year and was very happy to find this under the tree !
 Instant read ... not quite , but close enough . it will take about 2-3 sec to get a final reading , works better if you insert in to the meat then turn it on . the controls are switchs and not buttons so there is less of a worry of accidentally turning it so battery life should last
 I HAVE USED IT MANY TIMES AND SO FAR IT WORKS JUST FINE , VERY PLEASED WITH IT .
 I bought this on the 4-for-3 sale and have been very happy with it . We BBQ a lot and I am always worried that the meat is n't cooked thoroughly , so this gives me piece of mind . I do like the on/off switch which is great IF you remember to turn it off . I 'm afraid that I leave it on more often that not , but luckily the battery continues to live . I think the other reviewer might have just received a faulty unit and could have returned it for a replacement instead of trashing it . I give this 5 stars because I ca n't think of anything I do n't like about it .
 This thermometer works great and quickly . However it does n't have an auto-off function , so it is easy to leave it on for an extended period of time , which you must be careful not to do . The only error is user , so it 's a pretty good product . Overall , I 'd recommend it to anyone who can remember to turn it off .
 I have purchased several of these type of thermometers before and have been disappointed in the accuracy . Even the name brand was 4 to 5 degrees off.I test by measuring boiling water . This one came to 212 deg f + / - 1 degree . I could n't ask for more.I am buying a second one for a backup and extra for my son is starting to BBQ .
 Works well , reasonably fast . A little challenging to read if you have to stick it in flat foods -LRB- such as a hamburger patty -RRB- . I 'll probably get a 2nd thermometer with the readout parallel with the probe for flat foods .
 the out set f800 digital instant read ther . is an excellent ther ; but is a little slow ,
 This year , the shops did n't seem to get as much Christmas lighting in as usual , and at the beginning of December , no one had mini light net sets . The all had LED , which is more expensive and a bit too costly this year , since I had to replace quite a bit of old sets . These were the right size , neatly packaged , and arrived quickly .
 The product was what I wanted and was delivered within the promised time frame . The price was fair .
 it came in faster than promised-its a plus -RRB- good quality , hard wood , quite bigger than I expected , but the dimensions are on the website-my fault -RRB- cons
 Rubbermaid Triple Cube Shelf KitI bought this for my bathroom , I recently move to a new apartment , we decided to use the master bedroom as a family room , and use the second bedroom with a more `` simple '' bathroom besides , this shelf turns a boring bathroom into a modern one , we put it in an asimetrical position , it 's not only cute but also practical for the toiletry
 These items arrived on time . I have two adjustable beds and you ca n't use regular dust ruffels on them . I was able to attach these dust ruffels with small pins -LRB- made specifilly for this product , sold separately -RRB- . The dust ruffel stays in place and now there is no gap between the duvet and the floor .
 I purchased this for our king size bed after we bought a new mattress and box spring , as I did not want to lift the huge new mattress to put the old dust ruffle back on . This ruffle was higher quality than I expected -- the material is very nice and not too thin , the dust ruffle on the elastic goes around the bed very easily , and I have not had a problem with the ruffle slipping . It is great to be able to put this dust ruffle on and take it off so easily ! Not having to try to lift an enormous mattress is something that I do not miss . I just ordered another one in ivory for the spring . I would definitely recommend this item .
 This is perfect especially for the price ! I looked everywhere for a dust ruffle like this - easy to put on and remove b/c it does n't need to go under the mattress . I needed a long dust ruffle b/c my bed is on risers and this is long enough to almost go the floor which is perfect !
 I have a king size Beauty Rest Mattress , just to spin it is an ordeal . Pick it up to put a regular bed skirt on it is torture . Also I have a 7 '' box spring . . This bed skirt is wonderful took 3 minutesw to put it on . I was also able to raise or lower the bed skirt so it would cover my box spring and notWrap Around Dust Ruffle - Queen/King Roselay in a pile on my floor . I am buying one is every color .
 Very nice actually . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality , considering the price . Not having to remove the mattress from the bed is a real plus . To know one needs special pins to keep it is place would have been a plus to know beforehand , having never used wraparounds before I did n't have any on hand , and could have ordered them on line at the same time if I had known they were needed . I had to settle for the little screw in upholstery pins , because that is the only kind WalMart carries here . These do nor hols as well as the two pronged type .
 I have a weird shaped bed that means I ca n't use most bed skirts so this was great . It wraps around my bed frame perfectly and looks very nice . The only problem is , that on my metal posts it keeps riding down/doesn ' t stay up . So you have to pull them up once you make the bed . But I am not sure if there is really anything that could be done about that with the type of bed I have so I am pretty happy with this product .
 This dust ruffle is cheap , easy to put on the bed , and looks passable . It arrived wadded up and very wrinkled , necessitating either ironing or washing and ironing . I chose the easier method and put it around my mattress quickly , needing no help to install it . It looks crisp and clean but not fancy . It is adequate for my little-used guest bed . It will be quick to take off and wash when that is needed .
 I bought a $ 300 aerobed for guest use . This serves well as a bed skirt , completely hides the bottom of the aerobed and stays put . I do n't know that I would use it on a regular bed though . It might slip between the mattress and box spring . For inflatable mattresses that are the raised type this is excellent for making it look more like a regular bed .
 order came in a timely fashion . fits around my king size bed perfectly . only complaint was that it was super wrinkley but that only has to do with packaging ... very pleased . couldnt find much in the the line of bed skirts without having to buy a whole bed set . this was exactly what i was looking for . thanks .
 The wrap-around dust ruffle is a great idea . However , it sags in the middle . So I ended up safety-pinning the long edges to the mattress . That works fine .
 I really like this dust ruffle . It was so easy to put on , even on a king-size bed . It also looks nice . I searched for a wrap-around dust ruffle for a long time . This one is great .
 Got this after having the dust ruffles that go under the mattress , after sliding this way and that and getting dirty , I decided to go for the elastic wrap around and could n't be happier . I did need the little pins to fasten it in place , but am very happy with the fit and knowing I can take it off and wash it , now that 's a plus .
 Wonderful product , better than I expected . It looks very nice on the bed and it is great not to have to lift the heavy mattress .
 I am pleased with item but would it be possible to have these made in three sections with ties ?
 Just got it on the bed all by myself , looks wonderful . Somebody should have thought of this years ago .
 I hesitated to order this after reading some of the reviews , however , it is really very nice . The dust ruffle is the correct length and fits snugly on the full size bed and also on the daybed in the guest room . The elastic is a great idea and I no longer have to fight with the mattress to put it into place . I actually bought two of them and I am quite pleased .
 I bought this dust ruffle thinking it would be difficult to put on the mattress , I 'm so glad it was n't . Needs a little ironing but otherwise perfect .
 I have a bunch of stuff under my bed usually , so it sucked before that everyone could see what I had under my bed . Now with this , everything can be thrown down there and it 'll still look nice and tidy . I also love how fits on every bed side . it 's great . but keep in mind , a part of it has no ruffles , so this only works with beds that have one side towards a wall .
 Great dust ruffle . Quality material with plenty of elastic so it stays in place.No shifting while making or using the bed . Will purchase another in beige .
 I want to first say , whoever came up with this idea is a genius . This eliminates the need to struggle with a king size mattress , try to keep the bed skirt from slipping and sliding all over the place and ripping the paper like material so many of them are sewn to . It is great quality , easy to put on , and looks great . I have a bed that sits low to the ground and this is easily adjustable . I am well pleased with this product .
 I was pleased with the product . It arrived quickly and in great condition . It was exactly what I was looking for . Shopping at Amazon.com is the easiest shopping trip I have ever taken !
 Best thing I 've done for me to make things simple , so easy to put on and off , no more lifting the mattress , save your back and get this , It washes great , I am very pleased .
 After decades spent wrestling mattresses on and off box springs every time I wanted to change out or launder a dust ruffle , this is the perfect solution . It takes less than a minute to put it on or take it off and if you find it moves around too much , a couple of well-placed t-pins is all you need . The only reason I 'm giving this dust ruffle 4 stars instead of 5 is that it only comes in 5 colors . C'mon , you 've made changing out dust ruffles a piece of cake -- now give us more choices so we 've got a reason to change them out .
 This is a product I would recommend for anyone that does not like the tradition under the mattress dust ruffles . These stay in place much better , also with the elastic to hold it in place , makes it a breeze to pull off to be washed when needed .
 I had been looking at these types of bed skirts for a while and finally decided to purchase one . I just love it !! I have one on our queen size bed and also one on my son 's twin . I was so sick of dealing with the other types of bed skirts and how much of a pain they are to take off and put on the bed , not to mention just trying to tuck sheets under the matress . This type is so easy to put on and you do n't need any help trying to get them on or off . I love the fact that I can slip it off easily and wash it . I am thinking of getting a few more in different colors so I can change them when the mood strikes . I would recommend this to anyone who likes something easy .
 This is an amazing product - When I ordered it I was concerned that because if was queen/king it would be stretched to the hilt to fit around my king-sized bed - but not the case - Plenty of room to spare - and it was long enough for my extra-deep mattress . It went on so easily - just pull the elastic over the mattress and down the sides . It stays in place beautifully and requires no ironing - it was virtually wrinkle-free - I just touched it up in the dryer for a few minutes . So nice to be able to order this in colors - gives a much more ` finished ' look to the bedroom ... . Gone are the days of trying to get my mattress over the dust ruffle without tugging / clipping and eventually ripping it ... I will never go back to a full bed ruffle again ...
 This was easier to put on my bed than I had anticipated.I 've always liked the look of dust ruffles on a bed but the thought of trying to get them UNDER the mattress made me shy away from them -- especially since I have one of those heavy memory foam mattress sets.This was a breeze to put on and looks really good . I 'm glad that I ordered 2 colors because it is so easy to change when I change quilts .
 This dust ruffle was easy to put around the bed , covered the box spring nicely , and was totally free of wrinkles after washing and drying . Looks great on the bed , and the wrap-around style makes tucking in the sheets much easier .
 This is exactly what I wanted . I ordered the white for the summer and it came and it is a crisp white , perfect . I will order a darker color for the winter . It was a breeze to put on . No struggling with the mattress .
 I have a new adjustable bed and am having difficulty figuring out bedding as the mattress and foundation bend for bed adjustments . This works well . Quality is just ok since material a little thin but at least you ca n't see the foundation now .
 I got the item quickly and had it steamed and on my bed within 1 hour . It does have the fold line from storage but my handy steamer took those right out . I will be buying more as I redecorate because they are just so dang simple to put on and I will need more colors ... LOVE IT .
 Greatest things since &#34; Green Tennies &#34; for a king size bed especially . I 'd highly recommend it for any bed actually . Easy to take off and wash and replace .
 Received this timely . Quality was good . No need to take the mattress off . This was very easy to put on .
 I was very pleased with this product . Fit the bed nicely and I loved the color . Very prompt shipping as well . Good value for the money . Will definitely order from this company again if the need arises .
 I love these bed skirts , especially for the price . They look good , are easy to put on and stay in place . I will be ordering another color if possible . The only drawback is that the top of the box springs do show around the top edge , but small price to pay for the convenience , especially when making the bed .
 I was a little worried about this product when I read some of the reviews . The material was cheap and etc. , but it is great . When washed it comes out with no wrinkles and it is easy to put on the bed . I 'm 76 and lifting a King size mattress is impossible for me anymore . This was so easy to put on the bed , but I did purchase some Tacks to help hold it in place , as my dog likes to scratch his back on the bottom of the bed .
 this is a very nice addition to my homemade Quilt and been a really nice color change in my room -- and an excellent product
 I had a difficult time finding affordable , pretty and simple pink shams for my bedroom but these fit the bill ! Lovely shade of pink and superfast shipping what else could you ask for !
 Delivered in a timely manner . Very convenient ! Just popped it in the dryer for a few minutes to get rid of wrinkles and then placed it on my bed . Took less than 5 minutes . Looks great !
 Very easy to put on a bed , elastic stretches easily so you do n't have to fight with it . I got it in burgundy and it seems to blend good with a comforter I already had . If you do n't want to have to lift a mattress all the time then I recommend you try these .
 I have a king bed easy to put on . Was what I expected , just would tell you to Iron before putting on the bed , I tried the just let it hang and the wrinkles will fall out ... does n't work that way .
 This product is really cool . Its easy put on and take off . I really do recommend this really nice bed skirt .
 It was difficult to find a colored dust ruffle in the local stores . This was what I was looking for .
 This is a great product . It has saved me alot of time in the regular dusting , it gets the cobwebs from the corners of your ceiling and dusts the fans great . I would recomend this product.Tonya L
 Exactly as described in the web site . Very useful product . We use it in a commercial office building . Very effectiveproduct .
 This product was so handy around the house , RV , auto , that I ordered another set to keep on hand . It 's well worth the money .
 I 've been wanting to buy this through a fancy catalog for a long time . The price is what ultimately led me to buy this one . I am pleased with the set . It reaches high enough for me to clean cobwebs and vents -- have n't tried the light bulb changer yet but it looks handy . Good for the price .
 We have high cecils and sky lights . This has helped us get at those cobwebs without bringing in a ladder . Very pleased overall , great value
 This kit is very well constructed and sturdy . All the parts are solid and do n't feel as if they will break . The attachment heads just screw on and off and the telescoping pole really does reach very high . I have only used the different brushes thusfar to do some cleaning in corners of the house that I would otherwise have never reached.I give this a 4/5 just because I do n't like to rate anything a perfect score . What would you then give to a better item?Buy with confidence on this ... if you need a good kit to change bulbs and brush high ceilings .
 This product works very well with high ceilings and high fans , it was hard to clean the cobwebs and dust.Now everything is looking good for the Holidays.The long duster is a little weak and flexs a little more than I would like but for the price compared the the others for a lot more money it is great.I would recomend this product to others.The company did go a little overboard on the packaging but it was undamaged !
 After purchasing a house with high ceilings , the question was how to reach the ceilings to clean the cob webs , windows , etc. . This is a great invention since one does n't have to purchase each item individually . It is easy to use . Recommend highly !!
 One word of caution , be very careful when dusting around hot items such as lamps . I dusted my lamp when it was on - big mistake . The duster fused to the bulb and now my duster has a hard melted clump in the middle . Otherwise , I have no complaints with the package.The wand is pretty sturdy especially if not extended to the fullest length . I think you will enjoy this item , but be sure to catch it on sale .
 Ca n't beat this system for twice the price ! High ceilings and or fixtures ? Do n't hesitate to buy this collection .
 I absolutely hate to clean , especially when it involves getting on a ladder to reach ceiling vents and the like , but this system makes it easy and the quality of the pole and attachments were larger and far better than I expected for the price . I actually dusted my entire house this morning -- the first time I 've done it all at the same time in the 2 years I 've lived here . Highly recommended !
 This set of cleaning tools is some of the best money I 've ever spent . In fact , I just returned to order a third set . The first for me , a second set for my mother-in-law , and another set for me as a spare since I do n't want to be without this product . I 've never had such an easy time cleaning my ceiling fans and my vaulted ceiling . Great value for the money , and I 've only used 2 of the attachments .
 This thing is great for cleaning a large window above our door that is about 7 ' tall and not accessible from the inside . Also , the spider web attachment works very well . Finally , if you have any ledges in your house , the flexible duster is perfect ... just have one person on the stairs directing though to be sure you get it all in one pass . All attachments clean very easily also .
 I was able to reach the top of the windows in my two story foyer with this wonderful product . I need to point out I am 5 ' 4 '' . I did need the assistance from my boyfriend -LRB- who is 6 ' 1 '' -RRB- to reach the ceiling to remove the cobwebs ... but he did it and they are GONE!I just received my Simple Clean today and I have already tried three attachments . The ceiling fan attachment worked well . I used the duster to dust my window panes in my foyer as well as my fragile lighting . LOVED IT ! We also used the spider web remover and it was great ! I recommend this product to everyone !
 The telescopic pole is very light for easy high cleaning . I am also pleased with the assortment of attachment that came with it too .
 This extension cleaning system is just what I needed to reach the high cathedral ceilings in my house . Great price !! I ca n't believe I waited so long to buy this !!
 I have two stories windows and the cleaning system easily allows me to clean the windows and cobwebs . The ceiling fan attachment also makes that job very easy . Good product-well made .
 This is the greatest cleaning system I 've seen , it 's sturdy and I can reach to the top of my cathedral ceilings easily . The ceiling fan attachement is great a couple of swipes with this attachement and it 's clean , no more standing on a step ladder trying to reach the fan blades .
 This product is excellent . My sister bought a similiar system for twice as much and this one works better . I was able to clean all of the high surfaces in my house . The pole is well made and expands easily .
 We own a home with vaulted ceilings and we have tried everything to keep the house clean -LRB- cobwebs , ceiling fans , windows , etc. -RRB- that are out of reach . We found this product online and it works great . Our kids even enjoy using it around the house . Each attachment is perfect for the task at hand . I wish we bought it five years ago .
 I would have paid double for someone to come in and get those cob webs off my 30 foot ceiling and it took me less than 10 minutes with this duster ! Awesome deal . Highly recommended !
 The product was just as described . It is very easy to use and does the job it 's intended for .
 Works well , light weight . I wish it came with a light bulb changer like some of the other similar systems
 great price makes cleaning easier use it all the time would recommend it to others , , turn around was fast great job
 With vaulted ceilings and high windows , we acrophobics have had trouble cleaning in those high places . Thanks to this product , we now can look up without wincing at the spider webs and dingy windows ! The dusting and fan cleaning attachments work great . However , all light bulb attachments but the largest have us stumped . -LRB- The instructions are silent about them . -RRB- The instructions are minimal or non-existent for some other attachments , too . The window washer attachment works fairly well ; draping an absorbent handtowel over it for the final swipes -LRB- our invention -RRB- made a dramatic improvement ! A chamois would be great , too . With more detailed advice , this product -- which gives very good value for the price -- could be invaluable . We 're glad we bought it !
 I must admit this is one handy cleaning system for dusting those hard to reach places and the price is very reasonable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Bought this for my weekend home , where we do n't have a cleaning lady . Works well , and well priced compared to the fancy catalog versions .
 If you have high ceilings this is for you . I have 15 foot ceiling and can reach all the high corners easy . I have a 4 '' ledge up 8 feet high with glass bottles & nicknack 's . I can bend the duster head & dust them with out knocking them down . The fan blade duster works great ! The light bulb changer fit a little tight in my can lights . I had to pull pretty hard to get it back out of the can . But it worked . If you have a lot of things to clean up high , this kit is for you .
 Took it out of the box and used it right away . Completely satisfied with this product . Does exactly what I wanted it too . Very easy to use .
 This is a great cleaning system for anyone with high walls or vaulted ceilings . Plus , all the attachments make cleaning very versatile . I looked at a similar system listed in the Frontgate catalog -- and almost purchased it for more than $ 120.00 . Then I found this -- for less than $ 40.00 . It 's great -- and I recommend it to anyone who likes to stay cobweb & dust free !
 This is a good product I 'm very happy with the atachments the squgee works real well its hard to find a good one with treads to screw onto a extention pole the pole should extend to 15 feet its only 10 feet long fully extended but nice and short to carry around in and out of viechels I would order this product just for the attachments
 I LOVE this cleaning system . It should be called `` Dust Bunnies , Be Gone '' . Now the cleaning service has no excuse for cobwebs hanging from the vaulted/cathedral ceilings ! Lightweight , solid construction .
 Excellent value . All components made with high quality materials . Each tool is designed for a specific purpose and works great .
 I was impressed with all the attachments this comes with . Rec 'd quickly .
 We have REALLY high ceilings & this works great ! And , for under $ 30 ... you just cant beat it !
 I was a little skeptical that this product would be really good because there was such a huge price difference from one I 've been wanting from an upscale catalog , but I could n't believe how great it works - I immediately started using on my ceiling fans which are really high and it was great ! I used the long fluffy brush to dust between my stair rails and bannister , and my husband replaced some lights which had recently burned out in our 21-foot ceiling ! I would definately recommend this to anyone !
 I love it ! I love it ! I love it . No sooner did I buy this and my daughters grabbed it and started cleaning . They were so excited about its ease and efficiency that they went through the entire house and volunteered to clean their grandfather 's house too .
 great product , reaches vauled ceiling moulding , easy to use and to storereceived quickly
 When i work with it at work the end will not get hot likethe once with the wood on the end so it is feels better
 I have waited for a few * years * to get a new bedroom set . I 'm so picky and can never decide . I bought this entire GLOBAL HOME FLORAL BLOOM set -LRB- comforter , shams , pillows , sheet set , rug and even matching lamp shade -RRB- and it 's beautiful and fabulous and gorgeous . I ca n't say just how much I love it . There are matching rugs , candles , and drapes/shears -LRB- I 'm not much of a homemaker , so I do n't know the correct terms -RRB- . Wonderful !
 I highly suggest the Powell Mission Oak Cheval Mirror to anyone who likes practicality , attractive design , and relatively cheap price . It was easy to assemble ; it looks great in our bedroom -LRB- my wife loves it , which makes me a happier man ! -RRB- , and I am fully satisfied with my purchase as well . If I were asked whether I wanted to buy the same thing or choose another product , I 'd stick with what I have now.Max .
 I did alot of research on mission style mirrors and was nervous ordering one without seeing it in person first . I was not dissappointed it is great ! It compliments the Stickley Mission bedroom set without being able to tell the difference . I love it !
 We looked long and hard for a mirror finish that would complement our bedroom and found this easy to assemble piece . The wood finish is great and the solid pieces feel strong . The only thing we wish was that it had side adjusters so the we could adjust the mirror and make it say in one position . The side wood knobs are only for show .
 The first mirror was broken but I think that was the shippers fault . Replacement was n't a problem . As far as the mirror goes it 's really nice . Real oak wood . Went together really easy . Stands sturdy and adjusts easily . Am not disappointed at all in any aspect . The grids on the mirror are permanent so be sure you like that style .
 Got this for my wife 's Christmas gift last year . She loves it . It matches our other bedroom furniture too . I was impressed because it was n't as cheaply made as some of the comps . I was hopeful the back would be decorative as well , but it 's not . No matter , no one sees that side anyway . Overall we 're happy with it -LRB- I 'm happy 'cause she 's happy - that 's how it goes -RRB- : -RRB-
 This product is quality , style and functionality - all in one affordable price . The product was easy to assemble and it 's design complemented the other furnishings and blended in nicely to the decor . For what it 's worth , my first stop is Amazon.com before I spend days looking for something locally . I can typically find quality prodcuts at reasonable prices even with shipping.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KFSL06/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I chose a 5-star rating because everythig about the purchase went smoothly from start to finish . Arrival of the product was prompt -LRB- we were facing a deadline -RRB- and assembly was easy -LRB- not that I touched it , but it just did not take my husband very long at all . It is an asset to our bedroom !
 This mirror is just as pretty in person as in the picture . It arrived sooner than expected and in great shape ! Went together pretty easy and looks very nice in our bedroom .
 I am very satisfied with the Mission Oak Mirror . It went together very easily with 4 bolts . My only complaint would be that the finish on the frame is a little inconsistent , meaning that the frame for the mirror does not exactly match the uprights on one side but it is pretty close .
 Assembled easily , trim pieces that cover the bolts that tighten the swing of the mirror do n't fit well , I 'll have to glue them in place or wrap tape around the post to make it fit better . All else is just fine .
 this is just what I was looking for , only at a much better price ! Was very easy to put together and is secure and well made . revived much sooner than expected .
 The mirror is more or less as described , and not too difficult to assemble . It fits nicely in the bedroom .
 Beautiful mirror - received in perfect condition . The quality is very nice and was simple to assemble . Would recommend to anyone .
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 This does exactly what I want it to do -- it hides behind the toilet when not in use -LRB- blends in nicely , has a good design and hides its brush -RRB- and does a good job cleaning the toilet .
 Considering the fact that I recently hand-massaged horse manure into my herb-garden bed , I ca n't be that much of a germ fanatic , but , one fresh thing I basically must have for general sanity is a freshly cleaned toilet , and that means a little dash of Seventh Generation cleaner in the bowl and a wipe down of the seat with Mrs. Meyer 's spray sometimes as often as twice daily . Hence I am on good terms with my toilet brush . I am on better terms with my new one made by Umbra , a home design company founded in 1979 by boyhood friends Paul Rowan and Les Mandelbaum , whose main US headquarters is based in Buffalo , New York , with another large facility in Toronto , and additional offices around the world presently employing a fairly whopping 650 people . In Latin , the word `` umbra '' means shade , -LRB- or more precisely , the darkest part of a shadow -RRB- reflecting the designing duo 's take-off debut product , a printed window shade then unlike anything on the ready-made market in the dark days of mostly ugly home accessories in the `` affordable '' price range . Umbra basically created excitement in the plastic tissue cover and waste-basket categories , no small feat if you ask me . Anyway , the Vapor toilet brush has a super-shiny finish of clear glaze or laminate over the brilliant acid green base and looks very cool ; plus the top fits snugly , no crass engineering or slovenly manufacturing bugaboo here . Given the frequent use mine sees , I might prefer air holes in the lid , since by default I am leaving the two pieces `` open '' so as to allow the brush to air dry . That said , among the best $ 10 purchases I have ever made .
 I absolutely love these plates . I got two boxes with four in each box . They will be used at every one of our Thanksgiving dinners . The service was great . It took only three days to get them in the mail . A + + .
 When I saw this , I knew I just had to buy it . It 's just so cute . A mini tupperware container , who would have thought ? I find that it 's a great item to keep in your purse . I use mine to keep headache medicine in . The top stays on well , too .
 1 . Love the DogBone for sleeping ! I am sleeping better and my neck does not hurt anymore when I get up . Shoulders feel more relaxed too . Also it holds my head in place so it does not slip off like it did with a regular pillow .2 . Do not like the fleece as it is scratchy and I have to cover it . Bought the fleece one for the burgundy color , but would prefer the other material .3 . Do not like it at all for sitting on a recliner to watch TV as it is too thick and pushes my head too far forward causing the neck pain I wanted to alleviate ! 4 . It is soft yet has plenty of firmness to support my head and relax the shoulders .5 . Someone else mentioned that your hair does not get messed up and that is true ! 6 . I am very happy with it even though I have to cover the scratchy fleece ! 7 . Gave 4 stars because it is scratchy and I personally can not use it to just relax and watch TV or read . I can only use it for sleeping overnight .
 These are nice pillows and are just the right size . Hard to find this type neck pillow , so this fit our needs perfectly . I recommend this product .
 I have bought these for several years and they are wonderful ! I usually buy 2 at a time and they last about 4 months before I notice they are losing their ` ommf ' but I throw them in the dryer on low heat in a pillow case and that really shakes them back up . So comfortable while watching TV or reading ...
 These pillows are exactly what I wanted . They are well made and good looking . I could not have done any better for my purchase .
 I 've bought many a dog bone pillow . This one is perfect . Its comfortable , soft , just the right amount of support.This is my favorite . That 's why I ordered extra . If you have neck problems , as I do , you will love this neck bone .
 Dog Bone Fleece Neck PillowI have had DogBones NeckBones Chiropractic Neck Pillow in evergreen . At the time I bought 2 of them for me and my husband . It just so happens that my father in law went to the hospital for a knee replacement surgery and this pillow proved to be of such help for those in hospital beds , since it props up your head perfectly to watch TV or just when you 're awake in bed . One of them got stained with medications so I gave him my other one.Since I ran out of DogBone pillows I bought 2 other ones , this time with the fleece cover and I like them better than the previous ones I had because they are softer -LRB- previous ones where stiff -RRB- . I just wanted to point out that this fleece cover makes the back of your neck hot , to some of you it may be a plus , since it aids in muscle relaxation , others might no like it.I especially like them when I read in bed at night , when I 'm on my recliner watching TV or when we travel by car.My husband uses it in bed as a pillow to relax his neck and fall asleep.It 's washable , which makes this product even more convenient.We love it !
 I went on-line here to find a replacement for my old bone . This one looked great in the picture , with a fleece cover . I found it to be too squishy and when lying on it , there 's no real noticable indentation in the middle . I think it 's because they used foam rubber to fill it . However , it is machine washable . And when you wash it , IT DOES NOT SHRINK IT AT ALL , AS I HAD HOPED , TO MAKE IT FIRMER .
 Love the Fleece Dog Bones pillow . It 's so soft , and helps prevent morning neck aches . I ca n't find these pillows in stores anymore - so glad I found them online .
 The original dog bone was discovered by my dog while we were on vacation some years ago . My house sitter told me proudly that the dog was playing with a fuzzy dog bone . OH NO I shouted into the phone . That 's not a dog toy ! We rescued it , sewed the end and washed it . Now our new dog discovered it . He sneaks into the bedroom when we are out and searches under the covers -LRB- where we hide it -RRB- until he finds it . Then we see him proudly trotting with it in his mouth . So I just ordered two new ones while this old one is still somewhat usable.Anne
 A very comfortable pillow that I use behind my neck when I sit back in my recliner to watch TV . I still have n't really seen what the two straps on the ends are for but it 's good for what I use it for .
 I 've had a similar pillow like this for about 15 years . The cover was just cotton . It finally wore out and I settled on this one ... AWESOME ! It 's a smidge bigger than the one I had -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- and the fleece is very soft and comfortable . I did n't think I 'd like the change . But I do and am considering buying a second one to leave in my luggage since I travel a lot .
 This DogBones FleeceBones Pillow is comfortable fdor TV in bed -- travel in the car and relaxing on an airplane . I 've used it everywhere and love it . It 's soft and shaped perfectly for comfortGood buy !!
 I bought this dog bone shaped pillow in three different materials . I have bought many products and pillows for back and neck problems in the past . This one looks so simple but really does help a lot , due to it 's shape . I do suggest the regular material ones as this fleece one does shed a lot . Honestly , I have not looked at info as to whether or not washing it may help but something to keep in mind . Great , small , affordable product for back and neck pain !
 This thing is something I just found for reading or TV or Computer . I never saw one before but it is great !!! I did n't know what it was at first -LRB- I kept trying to get the loops over my ears ! -RRB- Finially I got it ! This thing 's good and should be printed incructions not just pictures ! Excellent !
 Great pillow . I used it for traveling and it was nice , big and comfortable to sleep against . The `` fleece '' is a bit thinner than it looks in the picture , but otherwise a great buy .
 I gave 10 of these pillows as holiday gifts . Everyone LOVES their pillow , including me cause I kept one for myself . For anyone with neck issues , this is a great pillow to relax , read and sleep with . It 's soft & comfy and fits in any pillow case . Great for plane rides too .
 Bought for my 90 year old Dad , he says he loves it ! Says he can lay back in his recliner without getting a neck ache . I may buy one for myself .
 my sister has had these for years , but this is my first dogbone . i wanted a neutral , light color for my dogbone -LRB- note to creators
 Ordered mine in forest green and the dark color is great . It is soft like my pup 's doggy toys , so I 've got ta put it up when not in use . This is my first DogBone neck pillow and it will not be my last ! I 'm getting the other colors in the sherpa fleece . Helps to keep the natural curve in my neck to keep my ears over my shoulders with proper posture ! Larger than expected , which is great and keeps my neck at the correct angle for a sound sleep with no more neck pain in the morning . Yeah !
 I bought a Fleecebones and a regular Dogbones pillow at the same time . The Fleecebones is just a bit softer and more comfortable . I use it for napping on the couch as well as car travel . A great buy !
 I have used these bone pillows for about 6 years . They support my neck while I sleep giving me a relaxed neck in the morning instead of pain . Just give one a try ... you will be glad you did . I take mine when I travel . They are also useful when setteling in to watch a movie . As an added bonus my hair does n't mess up in my sleep . They are great .
 I love this pillow ! I have had neck problems for years and this pillow has really been a lifesaver . It is so comfortable and has stopped me from waking with neck pain . I take it everywhere I go so I always get a good nights sleep . I would highly recoment this product to anyone but especially those with neck pain issues .
 This neck pillow is REAL comfy , cozy , soft & squishy -- guess you can tell we like it .
 I 've had a DogBones fleece pillow for over 10 years and liked it so much I ordered a second one last month . I keep both of them on the sofa -- one for me , one for a guest . They are great to lean on while watching TV , and so comfy you might doze off . Today I ordered a third pillow to keep in the bedroom , for extra neck support while I 'm reading in bed . These pillows can go in the washer and dryer -LRB- low to medium heat -RRB- , so they are easy care . My original DogBones pillow is still in excellent condition . The fleece has pilled some over the years , but the shape has never mashed down.One thing puzzles me
 I have one of these for both cars and bought one for a friend . They give excellent comfort & support against the bumps when riding in a car . It is soft and the velour fabric very nice . High quality , esp . for the price .
 My wife has this one in her chair . Love it . I am glad we ordered this Dog Bone Pillow , for her .
 I had been unable to find the right pillow for me , and would always wake up with a stiff neck . I have tried very expensive tempurpedic pillows , but nothing worked . My massage therapist uses these pillows on her table and I loved how comfortable it was during my sessions . This DogBone pillow was a very inexpensive way to solve my neck problem !! I bought 3 , and I travel with one . I never leave home without it !!
 My mom loved her dog bone pillow which got so worn so I found this one for her . She was so used to her flatter one that she took some of the stuffing out .
 I bought a DogBones pillow to use on my couch -- I like to lie down with a book to read and be able to turn my head to watch the TV screen from time to time . One of those rare purchases about which one can say 100 % satisfaction!Terrific for keeping one 's head pointed forward for reading with the back of your head at the low point of the pillow . Yet , just as perfect for looking sideways -- that little angle of support means your head does not flop down . All without pillow punching , pushing or tweaking . Just wonderful . -LRB- If you want your head and / or shoulders raised a bit higher , just put another pillow behind or under the DogBones pillow . -RRB- The same pillow with a red cover has over 300 generally rave reviews here : DogBones NeckBones Chiropractic Neck Pillow , Jester Red . People with neck and cervical problems love this pillow ! I chose this cream one because the cream color matches my couch.Some comments say the cream fleece cover is a bit scratchy . There is an easy fix because the pillow is washable -- the label states `` wash in warm water , tumble dry . '' Just use a touch ofMurphy 's Oil Soap , 32-Ouncein the wash and any scratchiness will vanish.Absolutely love this pillow -- it 's done great things for my naps , my reading , and my TV viewing .
 This item was purchased as a replacement for a neck pillow we had for over ten years . The size and shape were just what we wanted , and the kids like the fleecy , soft feel .
 For years I have used a very cheap plastic fork , which was not heat tolerant , for scrambling eggs , but I loved that thing . I decided to treat myself to this one , though . This is certainly Circulon quality -LRB- speaking of utensils , not the pans -RRB- , and although it is a little larger than I thought it would be , it is a quality utensil . There 's no picture , but the utensil is black . I think it 's worth the $ 7.99 if you buy it on the 4 for 3 sale , including super saver shipping .
 FIESTA ... what 's not to love ? These are great , wash & dry well and attractive to boot !
 I have these in dark wood . They make a nice accent to any decor , and the price is great for what you get.When storing or shipping , be sure to pad them well . Mine have been moved multiple times , and I packed them -LRB- pretty well -RRB- front to back , and the back of the hooks caused etching of the wood on the fronts of the others .
 Mirrors were as they said they would be , used them for a mosaic class I taught . These mirrors are sturdy and great for these projects .
 My water kettle has been reliably boiling water for me every day for the past 7-8 years without problems . The water does not end up tasting like plastic , and the water boils much faster than with a stove-top kettle.Few complaints
 After reading reviews about many types of electric water kettles , I chose this one . It is just right , it works quickly and it is not too big to leave out on the kitchen counter . I ordered it and it arrived within two days .
 Frankly , I love my poacher -LRB- have had it for 4 years -RRB- however there are pro 's and con 's . First the positives
 Before buying this pan as a Christmas gift I scoured the internet reading reviews on nearly every egg poaching pan I could find . Mind you cost was not an issue for me when considering the `` right '' pan . I had looked at pans from boutique stores with the thought that the quality and performance were of the highest grade only to find poor performance reviews . My search continued until I happened to find this particular pan . With the review comments of negative aspects of several pans under my belt I read the reviews for Demeyere 's 4-cup egg poacher . To my surprise , none of the negative performance points were mentioned in any of the reviews . I found my pan!Since the pan has been used more than 8 times since with excellent results -LRB- as expected based on other reviews -RRB- . Clean up is easy and the non-stick cup surface is actually non-stick -LRB- used of butter or cooking oil is necessary -RRB- . If one complaint could be issued against this pan it would be the handles for the cups . They get as hot as the cup cooking the egg , which is too hot to touch without gloves or utensil . I ca n't think of a work-around for this or any pan . So with that in mind , based on performance and desired result I rate this a 5 of 5 .
 I ordered this because it was suppose to be the large cups , and it is not . I went by the Ref # and it makes me mad I did n't recieve the right poacher !! I ca n't return it because my husband threw out the box and packaging . I wo n't be ordering here ever again and will pass on my experience . The pan itself is fine , it 's just not what I wanted .
 Where have all the heroes gone ? This poster is as nostalgic as other from the same era I suppose but THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN was always a part of my life growing up . I look back and I wish I did n't have to grow old . Yul Brynner , Eli Wallach , Steve McQueen and the others have remained eternally youthful on film in this motion picture . I have grown old but the film ideals they represented , the struggle between the weak and the strong , good intentions over the survival of the evil have not . Sometimes you look a t an old movie poster and it brings it all back . This is a reissue posters from the early 1980s based on the original 1960 artwork . What a great re-working of the visual art still retaining the power of the original . Thank those beyond our mortal existence for such endearing memories .
 If you love beautiful art in a simple and peaceful venue , you will love this spectacular piece . It hangs in our guest bedroom and is a perfectly soothing welcoming piece of art.The shipping was quick and the item was exactly what we wanted . We love it.Anne @ m ' Dear
 Nice quality coat rack , sturdy like a piece of furniture , and easy to assemble . If you are looking for a free-standing coat rack with a contemporary design , buy this one ; they are hard to find . Mine has the `` walnut '' finish , a warm , very dark brown . It fits right in with the espresso colored accents in my house . Walnut sounds like an old-fashioned stain color , like those plastic laminate table tops in your old elementary school !
 I needed a coat rack that was n't traditional . This has clean lines and looks great . It was very easy to assemble . The wood looks great . It is a very functional , attractive piece that looks great in the entry way . Thumbs up to the designer . Shipping was very quick . I had the item within 3 business days . I would definitely recommend this item .
 It was n't easy finding an affordable coat rack that was n't too provincial for my taste . This sleek design fit the bill without also being made of iron or a cold metal -- common in home accessories modern in design . It took about 15 minutes to unpack and put together , and arrived with without a dent or scratch . I put it in a corner , where it fills the space nicely , but check the measurements carefully if you plan to put it in a narrow hall .
 Any reviewer that panned this coat rack because it was too difficult to assemble , should n't be allowed to even own tools . How they can manage to log into their amazon account , navigate to a product , and even write a review baffles me . That 's like 100x more complicated than the effort required to assemble this coat rack . Gim me a break.This rack looks very nice , is NOT reddish in color -LRB- for the walnut finish -RRB- like people have suggested , and sits nice , flat , and stable on my hardwood floor . No wobbling . no creaking , no drama . It holds coats , and looks great doing it .
 Very pleased with coat rack , it is even nicer than the photo showed . The delivery was earlier than estimated . Thank you
 This coat rack looks great . It is a deep walnut color with three nickel-finished knobs to hold your coats . It came packaged well and was easy to put together with the instructions . I particularly like this rack because it does n't take up too much space for those of you in small , city apartments . You can even get a small container and put it between the three legs to hold your umbrellas or other things .
 Great coat rack for modern rooms ! It 's a little over 6 feet tall , perfect size . Assembly is a breeze ; parts are high quality and screw together perfectly . The tops of the bows also serve as hangers for hats and whatnot . I 've owned this for about a year , and the finish has yet to scratch . Worth this difference in $ $ if you want a nice one .
 Looking for basic coat rack . This does the job well and as here are so few parts , it is easy to assemble .
 This a beautiful coat rack that is well built . All holes and hardware lined up perfectly when putting it together . The shipping packaging kept it well protected . We are pleased .
 I read the previous reviews for this stand and they were impressive . I just think the stand is ok . The screws do n't really fit properly but because this is n't a cheap quality stand you can make it work . I hang my pocketbooks on it . If you can find a less expensive stand of good quality I would buy that one . This one is overpriced .
 Took my husband five minutes to put together . Exactly what it looks like online . Came really quickly - like the day after the Amazon confirmation .
 This is a gat coat rack with clean and smooth lines . It 's easy to assemble . We got it in use right away !
 A great deal for the price . This is sturdy , stylish , and easy to put together , although having two people helps . The only downside is that the pegs get filled up quickly and hanging items on the top arms looks a little messy . But overall happy with the purchase .
 Not much to review - I mean , its a coat rack . The varnish on the wood is high quality ; the stand itself is tall , stable -LRB- actually heavier than I was expecting , which is a plus -RRB- , a unique , modern design , and has plenty of hooks for coats , scarves and the like . Was a little tricky to put together -LRB- the three main pieces go together at 120 degree angles -RRB- but I managed . I 'd recommend it !
 A tad pricey yet worth every penny . Stylish and sleek , yet lightweight and durable . Will not tip over easily . Assembly was a snap . Love it , a great value !
 It is as nice as I had hoped ! It has simple lines and is solid . It does not come with instructions , but it 's impossible to screw up assembly . FYI , the `` L '' brackets do have pre-drilled holes in the underside of the lower bracing block . Make sure you have that side down!It comes with the allen wrench , but you will need a Phillips for the L brackets - and the are tight/hard to screw in .
 Read all the reviews on this and decided to buy it , Glad I did , It 's very sturdy and so easy to put together , took about 5 minutes , the color is a perfect match for my furniture . . Shipping was much faster than I expected . I would highly recommend this ...
 Wanted to get a nice contemporary coat rack to match the decor of our home . Overall , this is a pretty nice , but not * great * rack . Assembly was easy - 15 minutes at most . Other then the included allen wrench you 'll need a phillips screwdriver to finish assembly for the 6 screws which have pre-drilled holes . The wood has a nice rich finish which is n't nearly as red as it looks in the pictures and does a really nice job blending in with our Cumaru -LRB- aka Brazilian Teak -RRB- floor.My only real issue is that it 's not nearly as stable as I thought it would be . Not that it 's going to fall over or anything like that , but it 's far from solid compared to heavier coat racks I 've seen . The wood has a bit of give to it and bends without a ton of effort so it tends to move a bit more then you 'd expect . Perhaps it would be better on carpet?Overall , 4 out of 5 stars . Ca n't argue with the price and overall happy with the purchase .
 Moved into an older building with limited closet space from a newer house that had oodles and oodles of closet space . I tried finding coat racks and garment racks but nothing really fit well into the smaller space . This coat rack is beautiful , has clean lines , and is easy to assemble . The top -LRB- where you put the coats -RRB- is curved in such a way as not to `` dent '' your coats . Highly recommend !
 These are the perfect dishes -- bright , cheerful , sturdy , whimsical . I love the colors ! Much of their charm , to me , stems from the fact that they coordinate , but do n't match . I have two sets - one blue and one red . They are so fun and happy looking . I ordered mine from another vendor , but they were packaged well , and arrived in great shape . It 's only been a few weeks , but they are holding up well in the dishwasher and the microwave . I have owned Pfaltzgraff before , and these seem to live up to the name . No problems so far . If you want warm , happy dishes , you ca n't go wrong with Pistoulet .
 We hesitantly bought this Pflatzgraff pattern after a bad experience with the Pfaltzgraff NapoliPfaltzgraff Napoli 16-Piece Dinnerware Set , Service for 4 . We ordered from Amazon in case there was breakage like many reveiwers mentioned -LRB- besides the fact that we order everything from Amazon -RRB- . The dishes arrived very well packed - in original Pflatzgraff packaging and then overpacked by Amazon - and all was in excellent order . For a few days we handled the dishes with kid gloves due to the Napoli experience but then fell into our normal routine of rushing through kitchen cleanup , throwing things into the dishwasher , clinking plates and bowls and cups along along the way ... just normal everyday banging around -LRB- my 16 year old son loads and unloads the dishwasher so careful handling has gone out the door -RRB- . I am very happy to report that these dishes are holding up very nicely - no chips or breakage , even with a few drops onto countertops and hardwood floors . The dishes have a very bright and cheerful pattern and are well made . I think they will hold up very well . They have gone through about 8 weeks of 3-times-a-day daily use and still look brand new . The dinner plate is average size , the bowls are deep and the cups are the right size for a good cup of coffee . The little dessert bowls are cute -LRB- if a man can use that word -RRB- and my wife loves to fill them with every kind of new dessert she can think of . I would prefer some of these desserts in the larger bowl myself but that has nothing to do with these dishes ... Overall , these dishes look good and are solidly sturdy for everyday use.Update
 I ordered service for 8 and will probably leave half of them packed up for now . I love the colors , the casual theme and the touch of French countryside . Fun !
 Beautiful dishes for everyday use as well as special occasions ... We love the pattern ... I ca n't wait to collect all of the accessories . The price for the two sets I purchased can not be beat . They are very durable and not too heavy .
 After owning the Pfaltzgraff Yorktown pattern for over 25 years , I decided to replace them because I just was n't ever going to wear them out and I wanted a change . After the durability of the Yorktown set , I decided to stay with Pfaltzgraff . I had n't looked at patterns at years and was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful some of the current patterns are . The Pistoulet is incredibly cheerful . I love everything about them -- the colors , the sizes -LRB- the 2 bowls are great -RRB- , the glaze , the weight . I could n't have designed a pattern that I would have loved more .
 My wife loves this dining set . I ended up buying her the tea pot and sugar and cream set as well . 1 month of wear , this set seems to be holding up . We replaced a different set that would get really hot when we put it in the mocrowave . This does not seem to have the same problem . I can only guess what that means about the former set and what it was made of.The different physical shapes aslo adds to the appeal . Enjoy .
 Great set . Colorful pattern . I was so tired of boring white dishes.These bowls are the greatest . I never thought I would use the little ones as much as I do . The salad plate is a great size - a little bigger than you usually find.Someone dropped a plate and broke it the first time I used this set - nice to know that I can replace it with open stock . It does n't break easily though - I 've dropped a couple that have not even gotten a chip .
 These dishes make it a pleasure to look in my cupboard ! And the accessory pieces are not only beautiful , they are whimsical and a delight to use . Great quality and easy to find extra pieces -LRB- extremely helpful for a klutz like myself -RRB- ! Fantastic quality , especially for this price !
 These dishes are great . They are beautiful and arrived perfect . I use them everyday and they have held up well in the dishwasher and microwave and I have received many compliments . Highly recommend .
 My new set of Pfaltzgraff Pistoulet dinnerware is exactly what I wanted in a dinnerware set . It is colorful -LRB- actually , beautiful -RRB- , not as heavy as my old stoneware set , and easy to clean . The different colors for the various pieces -LRB- plates , bowls , cups -RRB- blend beautifully and are quite attractive on my table . Even my husband commented that he liked the new set of dishes !
 My wife absolutely loves the plates . I could really care less one way or the other !
 Dishes arrived on time and as promised but had one bowl and one plate broken in shipment . When notified they immediately sent a another complete set . Then we had to send damaged set back . They also sent us a credit of 18.22 for the damaged pieces -LRB- after we asked -RRB- . All we really wanted were the two broken pieces replaced but they would not do it that way . The sets came in 2 seperate boxes each time and were kinda heavy so it was a bit of a hassle shipping them back . Dishes are very nice and colorful but , I feel somewhat over-priced . Ron
 Great set to brighten up your table . Very pleased with it as was my wife -LRB- it was a suprise gift -RRB-
 This is a lovely dinnerware set and I will enjoy adding to it . The other good reviews led me to buy this , and the compliments I 've gotten are great . It arrived promptly and was very well packaged .
 I got a great deal on this dinnerware . It arrived promptly and was packaged well . I would purchase here again .
 Love these dishes , make a simple lunch seem more special . Not your boring everyday dishes . Truly enjoyable . Colorfuland fun .
 These are the most charming dishes I 've seen in years . They arrived and even though they were well-packed , one soup bowl was cracked but Amazon took care of it immediately . The soup bowls are so nice and big and the dessert bowls are the perfect size for icecream or a side dish .
 I absolutely love this dish set ! The colors are great and I am very pleased . They arrived in perfect condition and I know I will enjoy adding additional pieces to the set .
 This is a beautiful dinnerware set . It is dishwasher and microwave safe . The colors are marvelous . I am enjoying using it very much and have had many compliments .
 Ialways admired Pfaltzgraff dishes but have never owned them until I bought the Pistoulet 40 piece set from Amazon . When I read all the reviews I was skeptical about ordering because a lot of the reviews talked about damaged merchandise when received . Not true for mine ! They were packed very tight with absolutely no chips or cracks to any piece . These dishes are bright , cheery and a definite compliment to my table . My husband likes them especially because he has this hangup about `` flat '' plates . Flat plates hold more food , he says . The Pistoulet has flat dinner plates and the bread/butter plates will also be perfect for salads , desserts , and for those of us who do not want a huge plate of food . Thank you Amazon !
 I enjoyed the dishes but half of my big bowls , and half of my small plates were shattered in their boxes in transit to me . Amazon sent me replacements , but now are telling me via e-mail that they need the broken pieces , whilst the customer service person on the phone told me not to bother to send the shards back.Amazon is now threatening to charge me for the replacements -LRB- which should be free of charge since they were broken in transit to me -RRB- .
 I am collecting the Pistoulet dinnerware and accessories . The first item I ever saw in this pattern was the Cheese Plate with Server . I think I bought it years ago at a Linens & Things type store . Later , I found out about the book
 I purchased a 8 place setting set from Amazon which arrived in PERFECT condition although the boxes were banged up and had some holes in the sides . I then went to the Pfaltzgraff website and purchased serving pieces and other items . Upon reading about the warranty 50 % replacement for life if purchased from Pfaltzgraff I had some concerns that the set I purchased from Amazon might not be covered under the warranty . So I called customer service . The answer is ... `` we do n't but we will offer you some deal based on our prices so you will be happy '' . HUH ? I tried to get that clarified ... but it seems you have to just hope that they wo n't give you a problem in the future in replacing broken dishes @ 50 % for life.Other things I learned . This long known `` Made in America '' pottery company is no longer made in America . DANG IT ! This was one of the reasons I wanted this brand , oh well ... I suppose it is a pipe dream to hope that a company with a almost 200 year operation in the US would still be in the US.I was very happy with the appearance of the set . The colors of the `` red '' set is a beautiful SALMON color , unlike what shows as red on my PC screen . Also the salad plates looked like a purplish black OLIVE in in the pattern . I was surprised to see that it is NOT an olive , but rather little dots that make up an olive shaped flower I guess.The little bowls are stunning in their colors . The large bowls ARE LARGER than I expected . They are size of a small serving bowl IMHO . I know if you put that much cereal , soup , or chili in one of those bowls ... your gon na get FAT . LOL ! I might end up getting a shallower and smaller type bowl for that if I can find some.BTW ... The company offered me a really good deal ... so I ordered another complete 8 place setting set with matching glasses . So now I have 16 place setting set , glasses , platters and serving bowls with other items ! Very pretty !
 This dinnerware pattern is exactly what I 've been looking for . I bought the 40-pc set at Amazon because it was only $ 10-12 more than the 20-pc set at Pfaltzgraff ! Also I have Prime , so there were no shipping fees . If you figure it out , you 're only spending $ 70/20-pc set , which is probably less than half the cost at Pfalzgraff .
 I read the reviews some months back and saw that quite a few people received broken pieces when ordered thru Amazon . I love Amazon and am a frequent customer . However , I did n't look forward to a good possibilty of the hassle of returning broken dishes . So , I ordered a service for four in the blue and a service for 8 in the red and with two separate deliveries , thru the Pfaltzgraff website , not a dish was damaged !!! Pfaltzgraff took great care to package everything with extreme protectiveness . Kudos to them !!! These dishes are just a delight !!!!
 My wife and I were exceptionally pleased with our purchase . We did have a small misunderstanding on the return of a couple of broken pieces , however it was taken care of in a very professional manner . We have used the dishes for a party and for everyday use and have received many compliments .
 The dishes are just as they are advertised but I did have issues with the packaging as 3 bowls -LRB- 1 dessert and 2 cereal -RRB- were broken/cracked . Amazon wanted me to send the whole 40 pieces back but I resisted , so they credited my credit card and then I purchased individual pieces . Unfortunately when the new pieces came , 1 was broken . That is frustrating !! My husband does n't like the coffee mugs as it only allows two fingers in the handle . . not manly enough , I guess !
 I love these dishes so much that I purchased service for 8 for our home in FL.It came very quickly but a dessert bowl was damaged , but Amazon made good on it , thats why I continue to shop here.The Pistoulet colors go with every thing and I love the designs that blend with each different pattern in the collection .
 Dinnerware met my expectations . Colors were very close to the pictures shown . I really love the different patterns - not all matching but color coordinated . I 'm very pleased with the quality and appearance of the dinnerware .
 I love , Love , LOVE these dishes ! They are whimsical but yet not too feminine for my husband to at off of on a daily basis . The fact that each piece has a different design , but yet fits in the color scheme was a major plus . It 's made the kitchen even homier and more relaxed . LOVE THEM!Only one negative ... shipping . Two bowls were cracked and I was able to get a credit and order two open stock pieces to replace them , but it 's the dish box inside another box . NO extra padding or foam to cushion the rough ride in transit .
 Eventhough there are several bad reviews about packaging , I ordered this set of Pfaltzgraff Pistoulet 40-piece dinnerware . I 'm glad I did . Not only that they shipped it to me in original Pfaltzgraff package , they packed everything tightly . No loose plate to break . The plates are not that heavy and they are very nice . The colors , design , fast shipping , and the price make this an excellent purchase . What a beautiful set . I also purchased the vegetable bowl and platter . Again , tightly packaged . I can now replace my everyday , plain , and boring dinnerware set .
 I love this dinnerware . I searched for about 3 months before deciding on this pattern . I am so happy that I bought this . Everything arrived in perfect shape and shipping was fast . I dropped 2 of the mugs while I was unpacking them and they survived without a scratch . This should be a perfect set for me since I hurry through everything and I am pretty much a klutz . It should hold up to my banging around and tipping over . The colors are great and I could n't be happier since this is open stock . I will be able to add and replace pieces as time goes on . This is certainly one of my better purchases . Great price at Amazon also !
 The order came in two packages . They were well packed with the original boxes from Pfaltzgraff overlaid by Amazon 's . None was broken during transit . This set is beautiful ! We received many compliments on it . I , in fact , ordered many more items from Pflatzgraff after received this dinnerware set .
 When looking for a reasonably priced set of dinnerware that would match -LRB- or at least blend -RRB- with the Emile Henry and Polish pottery serving pieces I already own , I found this 32-piece dinnerware set -LRB- service for 8 -RRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . The dishes arrived on time , in excellent condition , and they go perfectly with both the Emile Henry and the Polish pottery . They appear to be the quality I expect from Pflatzgraff , and I am happy with this purchase .
 I got my order on time and they were in perfect condition . This is my first Pfaltzgraff purchase . The price is affordable . The best thing is you can collect additional pieces to go with a starter set .
 This little vacuum works good for the price I paid . I bought it specifically to vacuum out my car and it works well for that as it is very small and light . Comes w/several attachments as well . I 'm satisfied !
 Wow this little vacuum is so powerful , I love it . It 's very convenient to have for quick pick ups and such . It has a pretty long cord , which is great . I like that it 's corded , because I do n't have to worry about the vacuum dying . I have been through quite a few rechargeable handheld vacuums and they always bite the dust to soon .
 Nice handy little vac . I use it primarily to vac around my computer and desk area . Small enough to get into the narrow and inconvenient areas , especially good for vacuuming the keyboard .
 THIS LITTLE GADGET IS PERFECT FOR SMALL CLEAN-UPS . . YOU DONT HAVE TO DRAG OUT THE BIG VACUUM ... IT HAS PLENTY OF POWER ... I WOULD ONLY RECOMMEND A LONGER STRAIGHT TUBE TO REAH HIGHPLACES ... I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT . .
 Simply the best hand held vacuum I have ever owned . Good power and pickup . Highly recommended . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 We got this thing two weeks ago and installed it . The fan works and greatly diminutions the humidity level .
 Fan worked perfectly and is easy to install . The fan is a little noisy , however ; located in the crawl space , it is acceptable .
 easy to install , just got to have a plug or way to get electric to it . Makes a big difference fast , and cost very little to operate .
 Just installed it 11/20/2012 in a crawl space about 1150 sq. ft. Although it 's not rated according to the formula it does the job and does it well . I installed it because of hurricane Sandy . My crawl space had 3 &#34; of water . The crawl space is about 2.5 - 3 feet high and the item dried the remaining space is 3 days . The product is remarkably well made . Only the test of time will tell if the components are made well .
 Works perfectly as described . You simply plug it in to an outlet ad set the controls . It provides a powered ventilation in a confined area where normal air circulation is poor . This unit fits in most crawl space vents -LRB- all that I have ever tried -RRB- Check your openings before you order but there is some play in opening size when you mount this fan .
 I bought this screen to complete my living room . I have an extra large couch and no matter what I bought , nothing looked the way I really wanted it to above it . I received this screen and was in awe . It is even more beautiful in person than it is online . The picture does n't do it justice ! If you are an Asian theme enthusiast as I am , you will instantly fall in love with this piece .
 I love this napkin holder . It 's tall enough so the napkins do n't blow out . Could also be used as a flower vase/base . Very happy !
 These do a good job of making round egg sandwiches . I got 4 of them for that and also to make English muffins of the same size . They worked well for the eggs , but I have n't tried them for English muffins yet.I spray my pan with olive oil , add a little butter , and a bit of Bacos in each ring . After I put the egg in the ring I sprinkle on some more Bacos , and after turning a little shredded cheese . These are so good . I am using Arnold 's sandwich thins right now.The only thing I was just a little disappointed about is that they are not quite as pretty as the pictures . Not really a biggie .
 I read a number of reviews on this site , and opted for this particular brand . I am very pleased . It if flexible , and I had VERY little seapage from it from pancake batter or eggs . It performed wonderfully , AND it cleans very well . It was worth paying a bit more . You get what you pay for .
 these cool silicone rings make the perfect egg shape for you cooks . Kids will love to help the adults cook eggs in these sunny rings
 This is a great idea , but the ring doea n't always stay flat on the cooking surface . So , the egg oozes out from underneath .
 works as advertised , able to put 2 large eggs in . used teflon pan , sprayed pan and rings . heated pan to medium , put eggs in very slowly and turned heat to low . took a while for eggs to cook , but made a great sandwich .
 This works well to fry an egg , and not have it run all over the place . I would reccomend it to anyone who wants to fry eggs without their spreading all over the skillet .
 Great product ! Works perfectly with a little cooking spray and it is exactly the right size . Would recommend to all .
 These are great ! 4 inch is perfect for jumbo size eggs which I buy mostly . If you like the taste of fried thinner edged eggs -LRB- they do taste different -RRB- use large or medium eggs or lift up a little to seep under a edge . Like the flexibility of these . Try to put 4 perfectly round rings in a fry pan . They will not fit unless really small and then the eggs will be too thick . That 's why I also use square cast pans for eggs and bacon . I do like the taste of the thin egg sometimes that can leak under the edge if you want . If not put the heavy side ridged side down . If too crowded , hold down for a second or two if worried about leakage -LRB- I 'm not as it is very minor -RRB- . I have 4 of these and 4 of the smaller jole 's with the cute egg on the edge . I use jumbo eggs so I use the Trudeau mostly . Each has their use . If you like thicker eggs , use the joles with large or medium eggs . Jumbo are too big for joles . Depends on the day as to how I want my eggs to taste or what the others want . Not everybody wants the same . You can use 2 Trudeau and 2 jole . Lift off when firm enough , about one minute . I just worry about these getting too hot but I doubt that they would . I always follow better safe than sorry . One last thing , egg rings make it very easy to flip eggs next to each other and scoop up when ready . Over easy is a walk in the park .
 We bought 3 shapes of the Trudeau pancake rings for a gift and found them to be good quality . We could not find these in any retail stores and originally ordered the package of 3 from Amazon . However , the shipping date kept getting pushed back and I ended up cancelling the original order and re-ordering each individually , this time from `` MyCuisina '' on Amazon . They arrived well before the pack of 3 ever would have shipped and we actually saved a few pennies ordering this way -LRB- literally , pennies -RRB- even with inflated shipping costs -LRB- shipped by US Postal Service -RRB- . The silicone is good quality , not too thin or flimsy . To see how the handle is attached , check out one of the forms made by Norpro on Amazon - its the same way but they seem to have better pictures . Basically , there 's a little `` nub '' that 's part of the shape , and the metal handle ends in a loop that 's wrapped around the nub . This keeps it in place yet allows the handle to rotate , which is great for storage . The fit is tight enough that the handle stands up fine as seen in the picture . Good product , just allow plenty of time for shipping . Ours took nearly 2 weeks using standard shipping .
 Bought this for my husband . I had a metal one but the eggs stuck to it . This one I thought it would melt but it does n't and the eggs do n't stick either . It 's easy to clean . This one is a keeper .
 Thank you for your recent purchases from Amazon.com.We invite you to submit reviews for the products you purchased or share an image that would benefit other customers . Your input will help customers choose the best products on Amazon.com.It 's easy to submit a review -- just click the
 I Have used silicone bakeware before and know they are a good product.i recived my egg ring and I have used it several times . It is a very good product , and does what it made to do . It keeps your egg from spreading out all over the pan . The egg ring is very easy top remove when it is time to turn the egg over .
 This item works well . It allows eggs to be cooked in a perfect circle so that breakfast sandwiches can be made . It can also be used for pancakes too . Washup is easy .
 This item keeps an egg in a nice , round shape while it fries , thereby avoiding the usual expansion of a raw egg across the surface of the pan . The fact that this ring is made of Silicone instead of metal makes it suitable for use in non-stick frying pans . Since it is billed as a combo pancake mold/egg-frying mold , it is slightly larger in diameter than would be ideal for a sandwich-sized egg , but it does work well and does n't burn your fingers . I am not disappointed .
 some of the reviews said that the eggs stuck , but I simply rubbed a small amount of cooking oil around them and they worked just fine . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Okay , I am a hard core Amazon shopper and I mostly rely on reviews . So when I bought this thing I was if ` y. Just used it for the first time with my egg whites and it came out perfect . I do n't do English muffins because they have tooo many calories , but they are the perfect fit for Orawheat slims or Vons brand Eating Right wheat thins that are only 90 calories . So the total calorie intake is under 200 with a super huge egg white patty . If you are trying to watch your weight get this thing . Recomandations , start with a hot pan , it will keep the egg whites from running . cover the pan and let cook with low heat . Be patients , after a few minutes flip and let cook some more . Next thing you know you have a super filling and tasty breakfast , do n't foget to season with salt and pepper .
 I have used the circular ring and the heart ring for both eggs and pancakes with wonderful results . After use I put my mold on the top shelf of the dishwasher and it comes out clean every time . I also love that the handle can swing around . I usually crack just one egg into the mold . Once I cracked two eggs into the mold and because the egg was so deep it took a while to cook . After the egg had cooked more than half-way , I put the handle down and flipped the egg over to cook the rest of the way . It was perfect .
 I bought eight , which is just how many will fit into my griddle and I can cook eight gluten free pancakes all at the same time very efficiently . I also use it to make a gluten free `` bun '' which is a slightly altered gluten free crepes recipe . Easy to use and seems like they will last a long time .
 WORKS GREAT ... I USED IT TO MAKE EGG FOO YOUNG . . THEY WERE ALL PERFECT CIRCLES . LOOKED NICE ON TOP OF THE RICE .
 I bought this to make breakfast sandwiches on english muffins . I was n't really paying attention to the dimensions when I bought this , but it 's a 4 '' circle . I still gave it 5 stars , as that 's my fault.If you make sandwiches on hamburger buns , then it 's perfect ; however most english muffins have a diameter of about 3.5 '' . Not a big deal , but your egg will hang off the edge a bit.As for its performance , it 's perfect . Compared to how I usually cook eggs , I had to find the right temp for the griddle to let me leave the egg alone to set up enough without burning the bottom . Once I figured that out , preheating the ring on the griddle , using a small amount of butter , there was no leaking under the ring . Reviews that complain about leaking probably do n't have a flat pan . I use a griddle.After 1-2 minutes or so of cooking , I remove the ring with no sticking whatsoever and then I flip the egg to finish cooking for half a minute . If your egg is not setting up enough , you can try covering with foil for that first minute -LRB- cut a slit for the handle -RRB- . Cleaning is effortless.Happy with it , but if they have a 3.5 '' version of this , I 'll be purchasing that too .
 This is a clever little device that is very useful in my laundry area to hang up items out of the dryer . My husband installed it into a stud with longer screws than were provided , just to be sure it was extra sturdy . It is very sturdy when loaded up with clothes and hardly noticeable when collapsed . I 'm very happy with it.I bought it from Warehouse Deals . I think it had been returned , but it was in brand new condition . It was an easy way to save $ 5 on it !
 It is nice when an item preforms like it should the first time . This is a well made clothes hanger that folds out of the way when not in use . It is not fancy , it does not need batteries , it has no other purpose . It just hangs clothes . If you need a fold up hanger , try this one . It is easy to install and it works .
 This is so handy . I wish I had thought of it . It gives you the ability to hang up clothes with a flick . Then close it to save space.The only suggestion is to screw it into studs in the wall .
 As many other reviewers have pointed out , these fold completely flat against the wall when not opened out . And opening them out -LRB- and closing them again -RRB- is a very easy , one handed operation . We hang our laundry to dry as we live in a condo without venting duct -LRB- we 'd have to pay , and deal with the mess , to have it installed -RRB- . We have three of these , all hung in our bathroom , where we do our laundry with a Haier portable washing machine . These are fabulous for holding drying laundry -LRB- as well as being useful in a pinch when you need to hang something somewhere for just a couple of minutes -RRB- . And since they fold flat , they do n't take up any space in the room when closed . Great concept and the quality is good . Kudos to the company !
 We have a very small laundry space , so this wall-mounted hanger was ideal for hanging clothes just pulled from the dryer . It is a very helpful item to have . I would also point out that when closed , the hanger has a very small footprint , and does not stick out ... so you wo n't bang your head against it .
 Wow , I had been looking for this product and found it on Amazon . Very pleased with purchase process . Easy and quick . Thanks for your help .
 I bought two and they work great in a small laundry room . And they fold up and take no space when you are not using . Great value
 The Instahanger was easy to install and is very compact when closed . It has a very low profile and the unobtrusive design makes it useful anywhere . I mounted it inside a closet door to give extra hanging space for coats and laundry . I will be sending two as gifts !
 We moved into a new house and had no place , in the utility room , to hang clothes as they come out of the dryer . We saw this collapsible hanger made of plastic and another one made of wood . It was a tough decision because the wooden hanger appears to be more sturdy , looks nicer but is much more expensive . Since all the trim in our utility room is white , we finally decided to go with the more reasonably priced white plastic hanger . We could n't be more delighted . It does everything we need it to do and does n't look bad . We have hung the weight of two dryer loads of clothes on it without a problem . Those loads included three pairs of jeans . Manufacturer claims it holds 50 lbs and I do not doubt it . When not in use , it collapses neatly against the wall .
 After recommendation from a friend , these hangers are a great help in my new laundry room . Easy to attach to the wall , out of the way when not needed , these are a perfect product to make doing laundry a little easier .
 Time and space saving and easy to use . The hardest part was locating a stud with no `` stud finder '' . It lies flat against the wall when not in use and miraculously converts to a tiny closet for hangers in the laundry room . I take all my empty hangers into the laundry room when doing laundry and place them on the organizer ; when I empty the dryer I hang them immediately to reduce wrinkles and the need to iron . It also facilitates getting the laundry into the closets reducing `` laundry leftovers '' of clean clothes in the laundry room . I placed it where it does n't interfere with my pull down ironing board and also use it when ironing the few cotton garments that I partially dry ; then iron and hang .
 Great little item . Just as advertised . It 's sturdy and easy to hang . Great for those of us with limited hanging space in the laundry room , but I can imagine a number of other rooms where it would be handy -- garage , bathrooms , etc. . We felt we got our money 's worth .
 I purchased three of these for my laundry room . One is over the tub so I can let things drip dry . I can collapse it when nothing is drying so it looks neat . I also got two with the bar between them for laundry coming out of the dryer . I love that there is nothing on the floor - all wall mounted . Very easy to put up - I did it in just a few minutes .
 I like drying some delicates outdoors , drying outdoors makes them smell so nice ! Before I purchased this hanger I would need to get my drying rack onto the deck and then put it away when things were dry . With this hanger it is much easier and just as effective for my purposes.I am attaching a collage of 5 pictures under customer photos at the top of the main product page.Photo # 1 shows a close up of the hanger extended with the hanger on it . It is sturdy and easily supports several cloth hangers.Photo # 2 shows a closed hanger when it is not in use . It is slim and practically invisible.I was very impressed with the assembly instructions that came with the hanger . Not only were they clear about small details , they also included a paper template which allows you to mark the screw positions very easily.Photo # 2 Shows the assembly of the hanger . The two parts come apart easily when the metal support is slid out of the notch . You can see the notch in photo # 1 , which shows the hanger open . It is towards the top , on the right hand side of the main slit.Photo # 4 has a ruler next to metal support and shows that the metal support arm is 13.5 '' long.Photo # 5 has a ruler next to hanger when it is closed and shows that it is 17.5 '' long . It is 2.5 '' wide.For easy mounting I separated the two parts of the hanger . Then I found the stud , marked screw locations with the paper template , and drilled the pilot holes for the screws . Then I drilled in the screws half way working only with the bottom part of the hanger . When I had about 1/4 of inch clearance left , I snapped in the second half of the hanger and tightened the top screw . Then I tightened the bottom screw . After that I slid the metal back through the notch . I am not the handiest person around yet this whole process took about 10 minutes -LRB- most of it was measuring and making sure the hanger was in the comfortable position to reach -RRB- . To dry things outside I use a nifty hanger that automatically locks after you hang it , so the wind has no change of blowing off the hangerWhitmor 6027-533 Designer Plastic Clip and Drip Hangers.I have been using the hanger for several weeks and I am very pleased with it . It is well designed , unobtrusive and does exactly what I needed it for.Ali Julia review
 Our home has a narrow laundry area . I 've had an inexpensive clothing rack -LRB- the kind on wheels -RRB- set up at one end for the past few years to hang clothes after removing then from the dryer . I hated this set up because it was a space hog and the hanging bar went right across the one window in the room . After researching various options over the past few months , I bought two Arrow Hangers . They are VERY easy to install ! Although the instructions leave a bit to be figured out by the customer . For instance , the metal bar WILL disconnect from the back piece by using a slight push to get the small bent end of the bar to slide out of the slot that is half way down the back piece . This is so you can raise the front white part high enough to get the upper screws mounted flush with the wall . After reading the reviews , it looked at though some folks never figured that out . Then after you 've got it mounted , just push the little bar end back through the slot to lock it back into the back slide groove and your good to go . It 's not meant to be EASY to get the bar out of the slot , that 's part of the GOOD design ... or it would fall out every time you opened the hanger to set it up for use . Anyway , I just love this little contraption . It 's durable , compact , easy to use and a generally great idea . The bar is plenty heavy enough to hold the recommended 50 lb max ... so as long as the plastic holds out , I think I 'll get years and years of use from this item . I plan on putting two more of these in our walk in closet area for extra hanging space when we need it .
 I have a small laundry room so the compact instahanger was the perfect item for me . It 's very sturdy . You can purchase two of these guys and put a heavy duty steel bar between them to make even more storage . I have only the need for one right now , but it 's good to know I have future options . I feel like I got a good deal and a studry little gadget that I will use for many years .
 I use it everyday and love it , makes doing laundry alots easier . Highly recommend . Looks great on the wall . 5 stars
 Great to hang stuff up temporarily for drying and then it folds up out if the way . Holds quite a few hangars .
 We have a small laundry room . We put two of these up . They take up no room when they are not needed and give us plenty of room to hang things when we do laundry .
 I have these in my laundry room to hang dried clothese on until I can hang them in the closet .
 This is a very well built item that was easy to install and holds a heavy load of hanging clothes .
 I am so happy to have this in my laundry room . It is very sturdy and I use it daily . Easy to install .
 Very easy to install , allows you to hang cloths up fresh out of the dryer with plenty of room . When your done fold the arm up and your done . Highly recommended .
 Installed this behind the door in the laundry room & I use it to hang the clother right of the dryer . It is perfect .
 A brilliant , but simple idea that saves space and is unobtrusive as well as being very good value . The hangertook a little while to find on Google and should be advertised moe in the UK .
 I love this product ! Easy to install and holds lots of items . It 's easy to fold away when not in use . It has totally solved the lack of hanging space in my laundry toom .
 It 's just a white piece of plastic on the wall most of the time , but when you need it it becomes a little closet . There are many times you need to hang things temporarily -- when you 're ironing , when clothes need to hang to dry , when company comes over and you do n't have room for their coats -- many reasons . This is an inexpensive and easy way to have extra closet space whenever you need it.It comes with really good instructions and extras for hanging it in any situation , and installation was a snap.No more hanging clothes off of counters and door frames !
 As I mentioned , the hanger is unobtrusive . It pulls out when you need a place to hang clothes after washing and folds back down to be out of the way . It holds maybe 5 hangers loosely . The product performs as it is meant to , so for that it deserves the 5 stars .
 I just got and installed this today , and so far , it seems perfectly acceptable . As some others have noted , the top screw is really difficult to get to , but other than that , I 'm happy with it .
 Make 's ironing a breeze . Shirts and pants hung right out of the dryer means lots less ironing ! Great idea ! When not in use it folds flat and out of the way .
 I bought this rack to tidy up my laundry room and it has helped me keep my hangers orderly . My husband put it up for me but it still seems to move around a little bit on the wall , other than that , it does what it is suppose to do .
 Works Great , Its not super strong but it works.Its a place to hang stuff right out the washer or dryer .
 This product is great for the laundry room , and I put one up in the master bath , it 's great for laying out your close for the next day , or for hanging your close as you finish ironing them .
 I love this ! Love how when not in use , it can be folded down and out of the way . When not being used for hanging hangers on laundry day , it can be used to hang a kitchen towel to dry before tossing in the laundry . Bought 4 , only needed one . Will give the others as gifts .
 I consider this a laundry room essential - if mounted on a stud it holds a great deal of weight and when closed , it is not particularly obvious . It opens and closes easily without any problems . I installed two in my present laundry room , one for dry clothes and one for still damp . I also have one in my master closet . We use it as a valet rod - to hold clothes while we are getting dressed or while we are packing for holidays etc. . I have had several friends and relatives purchase this product after walking past mine and they have all commented on how well it works and how it looks . Lastly , I purchased my first one four years ago and it continues to work smoothly today so I would consider it durable - just be sure to mount properly on a stud . I highly recommend it !
 We love the instahanger !! It makes laundry so much easier ! I do n't have to worry about our shirts getting wrinkled anymore , I just hang them strait out of the dryer and it 's done . I really wish I had bought another one !!
 I am very pleased with this item . It performs as described and is unobtrusive when folded . The only drawback was that I had to purchase some good wood screws for mounting this item . The screws included with this would n't bite into the wood .
 My mother moved into an apartment and had no room to do laundry . We bought this for her and she loves it . It can stay on the wall and out of the way . It is very easy to operate and it gives her a place to hang up her clothes as they come out of the dryer or when she wants to do her ironing . We have one in the garage , for messy clothes or to hang up wet clothes after the kids play in the snow , also good to use to hang up wet clothing like swimming suits .
 This solved the problem of where to hang no-iron clothes as they come out of the dryer . It 's on the wall right above the dryer and holds 6-8 garments . Then it folds away , so there is n't a permanent clothes rod .
 All in all this product does what it says it does . I was a bit suprised at the flimsy construction considering it is being used to hang clothes . It has not fallen off the wall , cracked in to little pieces or allowed my clothes to fall to the ground ... YET
 This InstaHanger works pretty well . I have it mounted into the studs in the wall for added support . I 'm not sure how it would work in drywall or other wall types.It also looks ok and is easy to install.nic
 I have two of these -- one to hold my hangers and one to hold the items I 've hung on hangers fresh from the dryer . Make sure you use a big wall-anchor with this item because it will hold a lot of weight , but the wall wo n't .
 This is exactly what I needed for my laundry room . The hanger I had on the wall prior to this was not allowing me to fully open the door to my in the wall mounted ironing board . This one folds up when not in use - just exactly what I needed . As to installation , neither my husband nor I are `` mechanically inclined '' , but we had no problem installing it . Just pay attention to the instruction that the cover can be removed to install the wall plate . Then click the cover in to place .
 I often wash and iron work shirts and end up hanging them up on my door jam . Now I can dry them over night and them iron them . Perfect for the laundry room or small space .
 Solid , well-built , convenient and attractive , as well as very useful for hanging shirts , etc. as they are taken out of the dryer .
 We did not have any place to hang my wife 's dresses so they would not touch the floor in our laundry room . Installed this and solved the problem . When it is closed you never know it is there .
 Just what we needed for that extra person and clothes . Lack of closet space is a problem and this is just perfect .
 Simple to install , provides hanging space in laundry when needed , folds flat when not in use , Does what it 's intended to do just fine . A little flimsy so it may not hold up after opening and closing several times a week for years . Still , I would recommend .
 I have been so impressed with this product that I have bought it each time I have moved . Perfect hanging system for laundry area . Great for holding a sufficient amount of clothes from the dryer . Folds away neatly so does n't take up much room and keeps laundry area looking neat . Also works well in garage for wet , snowy clothes ! Very sturdy and made well .
 This product has neatened up my laundry room . I keep my extra clothes hangers on one and use the others for hanging clothers out of the washer that should n't go in the dryer .
 The Arrow Hanger fit just right in the small amount of space we had to hang it on the wall . It also broke my habit of not putting clothes away after they were finished drying . I 'd give it 5 stars and recommend it to everyone !
 I bought two of these . I use one in my laundry room to hang items to dry that can not be put in the dryer . I use the other in my guest room which does not have a closet.Several of my guests have complimented this thoughtful and useful addition to the guest bedrooms . It is perfect to hang a few items or a coat so they do n't wrinkle in their suitcase.I also like that it is so slim when it is closed and not in use.I love this product in both rooms with two very different purposes !
 We love it , very sturdy , fits perfectly in our small laundry room . Easy to mount , and blends in well on a white wall .
 I had been searching for a short while for a drying rack of some kind for my laundry room . I only stumbled upon this by chance and am 100 % glad I did!First off , when the seller shipped me this item -LRB- Amazon fulfilled the order -RRB- I was shipped the wrong item . I got a set of Jeep door sills . They quickly remedied the situation & got me the correct product . As inconvenient as it was , it is still not that big of a deal because they got me the correct product.Second , the actual review of the product . I received it and quickly read the simple instructions . I would recommend reading them all the way through as there are different installation methods and some good points to consider . I installed my in my laundry room directly into a stud -LRB- as recommended -RRB- . I used my own screws as the ones provided were n't that strong but I 'm sure would hold up just fine . Some other reviewers stated that they could not access the top screw to tighten it down all the way . That is only because they did not read the instructions which clearly tell you how to detach the metal bar so that you can access the top screw . I got it up relatively quickly and love how it tucks away flat against the wall when not in use . It holds up weight quite well and even with the price of it , if it breaks in a couple years I would just buy another one . Wonderful product & works perfectly for what it is and is a great idea for space saving and functionality in the laundry room . Other purposes would probably work just as well . I highly recommend this product !
 This was super easy to install and it 's useful . It hold a lot of clothes -LRB- 10-12 hangars -RRB- and is perfect for the laundry room .
 This item works great in a small laundry room . I purchased 2 of them & it 's made a big difference when doing the laundry !
 hangs easily and helps get the clothes folded before the wrinkles set in . great product . looking to buy another soon
 I love this clothes hanger . I just needed something small for a few items every week and this is perfect . It 's out of the way and does n't take up any floor space . When it 's closed you do n't even know it 's there . Like always , I knew I could find what I was looking for at Amazon . Thank you .
 The Instahanger is easy to install and useful . I installed it above the tub in my laundry room to use for drip-drying clothing that I do n't put in the dryer . If it was longer , it would extend further out over the tub and be even more useful .
 After reading reviews I was unsure but hopeful . I was still unsure after opening the package . It did seem flimsy and still does n't feel sturdy but it has proven otherwise . I was able to hang it by myself without help from my husband . The directions were easy and it seemed self explanatory . I bought the 2 pack with the extended bar and hang 2-3 loads of laundry on it without a problem . It has save me lots of room in my small laundry room .
 Was looking for a drying rack for my tshirts to fit in my small one bedroom apartment . This works great .
 I purchased this item to temporarily hang clothes when they come out of the dryer . It serves my purpose well , folds neatly against the wall and was an inexpensive solution for my laundry needs . Great product !
 After looking far and wide , we settled on this product . It is extremely functional while at the same time being aesthetically unobtrusive . It is easy to use , and holds 10 to 12 hangers easily . Great value when considering functionality , cost and quality of product .
 Product works fine is , if attached correctly , is strong enough for shirts and pants . This unit is large and when opened takes up a triangle of space . There are more compact wall hangers for less money , so you might want to shop around .
 I like this . I used this in my soon to be born daughter 's room where I needed to hang some of her clothing . I did n't want to buy a huge closet or clothing organizer because she 's a baby and does n't have too much stuff that needs to be hung up . THis was a perfect solution for us . Easy to install , holds clothes and when we do n't need it , it folds neatly against the wall . My only complaint is that the material used to make this product seems a bit cheap . A sturdier plastic would have made me feel more comfortable . All in all , a good buy .
 This is such a simple little item , but the most useful and practical thing I 've bought in ages . I 've even had comments from others requesting the name so they could use it . Takes up very little space .
 Love this product . Easy to install and meets all expectations . Looks very nice in my laundry room and helps keep every thing organized . No more clothes laying around . Product weight capacity is true to avertised weight . Love It .
 This is just what I was looking for ! I have a small laundry room in a busy house . I want to get the laundry done and out of the way . This hanger holds quite a bit and folds back down flat when you are done . I ordered 2 of them years ago and have used them almost daily . When one of them was recently broken I did n't want to even look at what else was out there . I ordered my replacement and will do it again if I ever need to . They work well and are well made .
 We remodeled our laundry room area and wanted a place to hang shirts as we took them out of the dryer , but did n't want a full length rod . The Instahanger works perfectly ! I ordered two
 After getting so used to a full hanging area in the laundry room , I was disappointed when I moved into my new house and noticed wall to wall cabinets with no place to put up a poll . I got two of these for a couple of open areas on the wall . So far they work terrifically . I hang 10-20 items on one Arrow Hanger at a time and some of those are even wet . They have not budged . I have not folded them up because with a family a five , I am ALWAYS doing laundry !
 Built out of very thick and durable plastic , not cheap feeling at all . Very easy to install since you can drive the screws right through the existing holes , meaning you do not need to measure or cut a template . Goes up in a minute and folds out of the way . Wish I had these all over the place whenever I need to hang something up .
 Attractive , sturdy hanger . Nice looking enough to have visible in the room . Holds a lot of clothes . Helps with the extra clothes in a small house with very small closets .
 This worked exactly as well as I 'd hoped . It was very easy to put up , took just a few minutes -LRB- for extra stability , we installed it over a wall stud -RRB- . Makes it very easy to hang clothes fresh from the dryer and it 's also good for air drying things I do n't want to put in the dryer . It holds quite a bit of weight and folds down easily when not in use . It 's a really nice little solution for my small laudry area .
 I love the feature that allows this compact clothes hanger to be out-of-sight when not in use . But after the first time I used it , we found that you need to secure it DEEPLY into the wall to avoid the weight of the clothes pulling it off the wall . My husband is VERY smart when it comes to installing or repairing , but even he underestimated the sturdiness of the initial installation . You ca n't hang too many pieces on it at once , but it 's large enough to fit one laundry load of hangers filled with shirts and pants -- just watch the weight and do n't overload it .
 The wall mounted Instahanger Clothes Hanging System arrived quickly , given that we 're in New Zealand . The product is everything it 's described to be and is perfect for our needs . I 'm a very happy customer indeed and highly recommend this product .
 I got two of these little things when I moved into a room with no stoarage or closet . They were easy to install and work fine .
 This is just what I needed for my laundry room . I can hang shirts straight from the dryer so they do n't wrinkle . Some do n't even need to be ironed . It is almost unnoticeable when folded down .
 I purchased 3 of these items during the remodel of my laundry room . I am so glad that I did ! They are so functional , and close flat to the wall when not in use . I 've recommended these to my sister and she has purchased them as well . A great product that works well and looks nice . I do n't think you will be sorry you purchased this !
 My wife was hesitant but now that I have it mounted in the laundry room she wonders how we got along without it .
 Love love love my insta hanger dos ' t take up a lot of space but always there and handy . Easy to orderand a good price as well . Bought one for my sister too .
 I love this hanger . It will fit flat to the wall when not in use . Perfect to dry things on or just to hang right out of the dryer .
 Main purpose
 I built on to my house and moved my laundry room upstairs . When it was all done , I realized I would n't have a spot to hang my clothes from the dryer and to iron . I found these on Amazon and bought 2 , love them , they are perfect !!
 My daughter has two of these so I know how they work and how handy they are . It folds flat to the wall then opens nicely to hang several items . Back down when done . Hang it high enough that you do n't walk into it .
 It 's hard to believe a plastic product could be this sturdy.My wife has two of these mounted near our new front load washer/dryer . She can hang 5 pair or more of wet jeans on these and there 's no sign of failure.The fact they store out of the way is a plus.Excellent craftmanship , well manufactured , functional , compact and easy to use .
 I bought this to use in the laundry room . It was easy to install over a stud and the white color blended well with the white cabinets and trim . It 's out of the way when not in use , and opens and closes easily . The only reason it did not rate 5 stars was I thought the shipping charges were too high in proportion to the item 's price and weight .
 just what we were looking for . We use it in our laundry room , it 's prefect , does n't take up any room .
 A great convenience item ! It arrives with three different methods for hanging
 Works very well as a hanger while emptying the dryer - just have to remember to close it up when I 'm done because I 've bumped my head on it several times !
 Love this , it is so handy I wish I had enough room for another one . It 's sturdy and holds way more than the photograph shows .
 It is exactly as shown , works great for holding hangers on own for hanging items that need to be ironed .
 We needed space-saving stuff in our small laundry room . I mounted this just across from our dryer and it is very convenient to pull stuff out , put it on a hanger and hang it on this rack . Will hold a surprising number of clothes , probably 10 or 15 hangers . Folds away , or does n't take up that much room if you leave it extended .
 This product is stong and pracical for small spaces . It holds lots of clothes and weight . I have one in my home laundry room which I love . I ordered 3 to put in a small space in a too narrow closet -- what a space saver and my tenant loves them . This is a superior product and I would buy it again if needed .
 I 'm a government contractor stationed in Afghanistan and I needed a place to hang my clothes in my room . I have to say , that this worked out a lot better than what I thought . The price is very reasonable as well .
 I used to hang my laundry from the door frame , but we now have a toddler in the home and I like to keep the laundry room door closed . We hung this behind the door and it holds a lot of clothes and folds up nicely between loads . It arrived in a timely manner and it just as I expected .
 I installed this in my laundry room to hang wet clothes on hangers . It was easy to install , although it does n't feel as sturdy as I would 've hoped . It only holds about 4-5 items if you want them spaced apart enough to dry . But it was just the thing I needed to be able to stop laying my clothes out on top of the washer and dryer !
 My laundry room is small , so this allows me to hang up clothes from the dryer and when not needed folds up out of the way . Installed easily , though I mounted the unit into the stud to be sure it did not come off the wall .
 I purchased one of these years ago after much hunting . I can not say enough good things about this . I purchased them for my laundry room and only wanted to use them when I was removing and hanging clothes straight from the dryer . Because my laundry room was also the walkway to the back door , hanging clothes in that area was a challenge . With the Instahanger after the clothes were placed on the bar , it was convenient , but also in the way to the back door . This encouraged me to place the clothes in the clothes closets instead of leaving them hanging there for a couple of days . And once the clothes were stored away , I closed the Instahanger . This device was then very unobtrusive on the wall . One word of warning . You must find a stud to hang this from . Truly an invention that works .
 I purchased this a couple months ago . It shipped quickly and was packaged well . I have a tiny laundry room ... more like a laundry strip . :-RRB- It is about 5 feet across and 12 feet long . There is barely space for me . I had no problems installing this hanger . It works just as described and needed.I am very happy with the purchase and would recommend this to anyone who needs to save a bit of space or a normal rod is not an option .
 We have a small laundry room with no place to hang clothes as we take them out of the dryer . The instahanger changes all that because we can pop it open when we need it and then close it down when not in use . I liked it so much I bought a couple more -LRB- one to hang where I do the ironing , and another for upstairs where I can hang my kids ' clothing for them to retrieve -RRB- . But wait ! There 's more ... They even make a version that hangs over the back of a door , which is fantastic . I can move it to a different place in the house in case I need it somewhere temporarily for some reason . Or , suppose I attend a function where I need to change into a tux or suit , what a brilliant way to ensure I do n't have to drape my suit over the back of a chair . I just pop this little guy into the bottom of my garment bag and if I need it , I 've got it .
 I purchased two of these and I am very happy with the result . My wife likes them and they look appropriate in a laundry room . The only reason I did not give them a 5 star review is because the white plastic does n't feel malleable . It feels that it will crack easily but I am at about two weeks of heavy use and no signs of failure . They hold tons of wet shirts and do n't seem to bend or move under weight . I did not use the wall anchors I found studs and fixed them directly to them . I would buys these again and am thinking of purchasing some for a gift .
 I received this set as a wedding gift , and could n't be more pleased ! The dinnerware plates are much bigger than my old retail-store plates , and they are heavy and durable , too . I am clumsy and have dropped these on my granite counter top twice without them chipping at all . They are safe for the microwave , the dishwasher , and the oven.In the microwave , these plates do not get too hot to handle -LRB- or hot at all -RRB- , as cheaper glassware sets have done . Food heats evenly , and the plates are cool to the touch.In the dishwasher , I did not have a problem with the dinnerware scratching , but I space them out evenly . They rinse off with ease in the sink if you worry about scratching , anyway.I have not yet tried them in the oven , but they are oven-safe . The soup bowls are quite large -- too large for cereal , in my opinion , but perfect for dinner , which is why I purchased them.The cups are larger than standard cups , with thick , sturdy handles . One cup was an unfortunate victim of a naughty orange tabby cat who decided to go sliding across the dining table one evening . The poor cup ended up slamming onto our hardwood floor , then bouncing once before being wedged between the bottom of the couch and a metal bar that activates the couch 's recliner feature . The damage ? An easily glue-able broken handle . My old cups would have -LRB- and have been -RRB- shattered to pieces during previous feline stunt shows . These are just fantastically durable , and I would recommend them for families with active animals or children.Perhaps the only `` problem '' is the large size of the dinner plates . I feel that they are too big for a regular family dinner , so my husband and I usually use the -LRB- equally beautiful -RRB- square side plates for the main course.I am very pleased with this set and plan on purchasing more pieces in the future .
 I love this set.Beautiful and deep colors and nice designI like the curve of both the dinner plates and the lunch platesNice heavy stonewareMugs are a nice size for coffee -LRB- some sets come really small mugs - not this set -RRB- The bowels do n't stack as neatly as I wish but for now that is my only complaint .
 This is a much nicer set than I expected . It is extremely attractive and the plates are large . The best thing is that I have already banged these around some and they did not chip at all . Previous dishes from Lenox , Crate & Barrel and Ikea all chipped . Note that you may need to shop around multiple sites if you want a reasonable number of accessories . I do wish smaller plates or bowls were readily available .
 This set is beautiful and is perfect with an oriental theme . The weight and thickness is just right for both formal and informal dining . The shapes are unique with round dinner plates , square -LRB- rounded edges -RRB- salad plates and almost square bowls and cups . We used this set for a dinner party . On the menu was sushi , various sushi rolls and other Japanese style foods . Everyone raved about how beautiful the table looked . It is dishwasher and microwave safe , an absolute must these days .
 After years of cheap dishes that warped from the dishwasher and microwave , I finally found a great stoneware set I love . I was originally after Denby , but when their pieces added up to more than my formal china set I started looking into other options . Pfaltgraff did not disappoint and we absolutely love this set . The dinner plates are awesome ... great for stir-frys and pasta as they are shaped differently than regular dinnerplates . After much shopping around , Amazon had the best price : -RRB-
 We just received this set today . It was packaged safely without any pieces scratched or damaged . The colors are vivid and the overall presentation quite elegant . THe set is Asian but not in your face so . We purchased additional serving bowls and a large platter and they too came today , a week ahead of time.Highly recommended .
 The items are not as shiny as they appear in the online image . Also , exactly as described by another user online , these items scratched easily from rubbing against each other in the dish washer . We knew that -LRB- read it online -RRB- and yet we chose to buy them . We are happy with the selection nevertheless.Please note that the black part in the image is matte finish and the burgundy part is somewhat glossy .
 My wife and I do n't enjoy common dinnerware designs for anything other than casual use . We wanted something for our holidays to set a special mood . This Pfaltzgraff design was just the ticket and the best dinnerware set price we could find was on Amazon.com . Our dinnerware set arrived just in time for Thanksgiving -LRB- speedy shipping ! -RRB- and we were very satisfied with the quality . Nice , durable dinnerware with an awesome color glaze.We did have one problem with 2 bowls cracked in shipment , but Amazon sent out an advance replacement order quickly so we could exchange these for new bowls.I have been very happy with the quality of product on Amazon , the fast shipping , and the excellent customer service to correct problems like this . Yea , Amazon , nice job!P.S . We also bought serving bowls and platters directly fom the manufacturer for far cheaper costs due to their sale prices during the holidays . Pfaltzgraff + Amazon = a great deal.Thanks again . Eric
 This set is great . super strong , and very elegant , looked in different sites such as bed bath and beyond this was the best price for the quality of elegance of this set it comes in two boxes to make the 32 piece .
 We 've had them a year . We bought the large set . They shipped in thin chinese cardboard and several were broken as a result but once replaced we love them . The only issue I have is the small base of the coffee mugs . They are a bit tip prone but it has only happened twice so far . We have microwaved , heated them in the oven and used a dishwasher on them and they have held up well so far .
 Purchased this product because others reported it to stay cool in the microwave . And it does ! Have had very bad experience with other Pfaltzgraff products that overheat in the microwave while the food in the dinnerware remains cold .
 This is a really nice trash can and the automatic opening is great , BUT ... it is advertised as 13 gallons in the main heading and 12.6 gallons in the smaller print . It is acually 42 LITERS , which works out to just over 11 GALLONS . I was a little disappointed that I gave up some volume over my last trash can . That means that I will have to empty it more ofter , of course .
 We bought this trash can for our new house one year ago . It has worked perfectly until about a month ago . The open mechanism has become sluggish and now it really does not work any more . But , I found a replacement lid on another web site . -LSB- ... -RSB- I think we will buy the replacement lid . I like that it is rectangular and it is very nice looking .
 The garbage can has a really nice sensor on it . We got the garbage can around the time we got married so it has a lot of sentimental value to us . But really , it is the best garbage we have EVER used and it 's a sweet deal for only $ 71 . Life is great with this garbage can .
 We have loved this trash can for over two years - this morning the hinge broke for no apparent reason and I have been searching for a way to get a replacement lid . The original batteries are still working , no problems with it until today . We bought ours at Costco , so doubt I 'll get help there . The internet search has not turned up any way to reach the manufacturer . I do n't mind that it holds a little less than the bag size.Nine Stars DZT-42-1 Stainless-Steel Infrared 11-Gallon Trash Can
 My cousin and his kids came to stay and they loved their Dora and Sponge Bob beds . Quick to inflate with the battery operated pump . Easy to wash . Made bedtime an adventure rather than a chore . Sometimes the beds tipped up a bit if the kids moved too near the edge , but they did n't fall out and continued sleeping soundly anyway !
 My kids love it and I had to buy 2 of them ! They 're great for sleepovers.Word of caution - if the bed gets dirty , be sure to follow the washing instructions * do not put bed in dryer ! * the mesh on the back melts.I learned that the hard way and had to replace one .
 My Grandaughter LOVES her Dora bed , and I like the fact that it is so soft and that the cover can be removed and washed !
 My daughter absolutely loves this . She 's 11 and it 's her first year in 6th grade . The other kids all had wal-mart style `` trapper keepers '' and she did n't like the look of them so she just carried around a few spiral notebooks . On a whim I ordered this to surprise her and she loved it.It took her about 4 minutes to cut out an oversized photo of her and all her friends to place in the front and stuff it full of odds and ends . She could n't be happier.Pros
 when i first bought this item i absolutely loved it !!!!!! But when i started to load it with all my stuff i had a problem closing it !!!!!!!!!! the problem went on for about 3 weeks.and then it stoped !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I LOVE IT I HAVE THE VASE ALSO THEY ARE A LOVLEY PAIR
 Great contemporary style , keeps excellent time and goes great with any decor . I 'm very satisfied ! I love clocks and this one fits right in with the retro crowd as well . It 's easy to read in any light .
 I received this clock as a gift off my Amazon wishlist . It has been a nice addition to our home ! I enjoy that the surface of the clock does not seem to be super reflective ... at least unless you have a light pointed right at it . The color is just about right on ... red with a slightly orange tint . My husband 's only complaint is that in our living room , with the walls painted a nice golden yellow , the color looks more orange than red . So it might be getting a place in another room . I give it a four only because It is a slightly off shade ... as in it probably would n't match with any other red products in a themed room . Maybe I 'm just picky . : -RRB-
 These fasteners are just the right gage and size to handle most table top to base attachments . My application was attaching an exotic end table top to its base -LRB- the top and base were different wood species , so differential thermal expansion needed to be accounted for -RRB- .
 The quality of this dinnerware is outstanding . It looks lovely on our table and is dishwasher safe . It was delivered very promptly in perfect condition .
 Earlier I purchased the cereal bowls and dinner plates . I continue to be impressed bu the quality of this product . The only downside for me was the discovery that the color of the dishes is so great that it pointed out the flaws in my dishwasher and dishwasher detergent . I found water spots and a white-ish haze on the dishes after washing them the first time . The discovery compelled me to switch detergents and , perhaps , to add a whole house water softener to my system . I hate to think about all the `` stuff '' I missed catching on my white plates before I purchased the Effect Glaze Cherry line . I now use Finish Quantum and Lemi Shine -LRB- purchased on Amazon -RRB- in my dishwasher . I 'm also pricing the installation of a water filtration/softener system .
 I love the color and size of these plates . I already had some and wanted more as dessert plates . They do chip , but not often -LRB- I think two of my first six plates chipped over the course of four years -RRB- . The handles of the corresponding mugs heat up too much in the microwave . But I wanted more plates enough to look them up on the internet after my source store stopped selling them .
 Over the past few months , I have bought four each of the cherry , royal blue , and white plates . The purchases were to replace Corelle dinnerware that is 9 years old - the Corelle items were still in great condition , but we 're changing the color theme in our kitchen.I am very pleased with the quality of the plates ! While , unlike the old Corelle stuff I had , they ca n't be used in the oven or microwave , they have performed quite well in the dishwasher . No chips or scratches showing up at all . The glaze is beautiful on all three colors and really compliments our kitchen theme - I imagine that all colors available are just as vivid and lovely!One thing we were worried about , being ceramic , is that the small unglazed ring on the bottom of the plates would scratch the countertops -LRB- e.g. , as the bottoms of mugs often do -RRB- . We were pleased to discover that the unglazed ring was exceptionally smooth , and I have n't noticed any scratches on the countertops at all.I am waiting for Amazon to post sales on the other Waechtersbach products and will buy them up one at a time . The Waechtersback webpage also has decent sales , intermittently , on items not sold at Amazon .
 I love these plates ! I got them at Kohl 's years ago . My old roomate broke one of my salad plates and I finally decided to replace it . You ca n't get a better price than Amazon for these plates . The salad ones are the best size for my dishwasher . Plus , it helps with portion control . I hope they continue to make these plates for my lifetime .
 This is my second order of these -LRB- only reason I needed more is because we broke a few -RRB- . Waechterbach is a great brand . They are durable , stand up in washer & microwave extremly well . Very pretty red with any decor .
 I purchased these to replace some other stoneware plates I broke . Those plates were not being made anymore so I was in a quandary looking for something that would somehow go with my set . Luckily these Waechtersbach blue plates are the exact blue as the trim on my others - so it worked out perfectly ! They seem to be of pretty good quality , made in Germany - you know they do n't make cheap stuff !
 I have lots of pain in my hips and back with prolonged sitting , especially in uncofortable , non supportive chairs . I love my seat rest and take it with me wherever I go because you never know what kind of chair you will get stuck sitting in . Its a great size to tuck into my tote bag , not bulky like some cushions .
 I ordered five sets of the candles and one of the candles was missing the whole bottom , which contains the battery to light it . I sent an email to Amazon and they said that I would receive a response in 12 hours . I received a response in less than an hour stating that they had received my email and they would look into this issue and get back with me . They emailed me in less than five hours that they would reimburse my account and I did not have to return the defective item . They said that once I received my reimbursement I could order another box should I so choose . In essence I am able to get a box of 12 for free . This is why I shop Amazon religiously , for their understanding that things happen and their quick response to remedy the situation . Thanks so much !
 Safer than a traditional wax candle . Gives the same amount of light . I use this on my Nursing Graduation while reciting the Florence Nightingale pledge . Looks nicer on a low light room .
 You get the ambiance of flickering candles but without fire hazard . Only con , you need a candle holder that is not too clear or it is too obvious they are fake candles
 Good quality , although it requires batteries , but still , for the price it is awesome . needed this for new year . Nice .
 Yes , they are amber colored and do flicker ! All work as promised and were delivered FAST ! Heck , it 's almost worth it just for the batteries . Will definitely buy again if I need more .
 for first time buyers , Not bad , it lights not like real candle light but enough to think for a second `` Is that a Candle light '' , I mix it with my real candles together to give blind in and somehow it works ! . .
 And you do n't have to worry about flame or fire especially good for use in small churches as well as appartments . Just drop intoany votive container and you 're good to go .
 I used these to put inside of paper lanterns for my rehearsal dinner . They gave teh room such a nice feel . JUST PERFECT !
 These tea lights worked great . I put them outside to light a path in the woods . They stayed lit all evening . I left them out overnight and they were still working in the morning , even after being wet from heavy dew .
 What a great buy ! These work great ! I put them in all my candle holders . They flicker just like real candles too .
 We were looking for battery operated candles to use during a wedding -LRB- no open flames allowed -RRB- . The large battery operated pillar candles were so expensive we looked for an alternative and came up with the following idea
 You get exactly what they describe . I got these after receiving some flameless wax candles . The bulb inside those is a soft rubber and looks more realistic , which set the bar a bit higher . These bulbs are hard plastic and do n't look very realistic BUT they do flicker and if you put them in frosted glass , etc , I do n't think anyone will be able to tell : -RRB-
 Candles work well and the price is right . Nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , twenty .
 I 'm volunteering for the local fire department and decided that these were safer than the alternative . There is no reason for an open flame in this day and age . However , my love still uses candles because it masks any odors and smells great . Be careful when buying batteries on the internet .
 All of the lights arrived intact and operational . Have used them several times already and the batteries seem to be holding up .
 I saw this product in a high end restaurant and thought that it was real until I knocked it over by accident ! My husband does not like candles burning in the house because of our little dog that runs around and is very curious . These do the trick and no need to worry about starting a fire ! 12 Battery Operated AMBER LED Tealight Candles Flameless Heatless No Heat Candle Flickering Wickless Led Long Lasing Life Faux Wedding Holiday Christmas Thanksgiving Party Light Dozen
 These pay for themselves if you are a decorator during the holidays . The batteries last a long time ! We gussie up our house inside and out from September on and these are great !
 We always take luminarias to the cemetery over the holidays and it does n't take much of a breeze to blow the candles out . These are perfect , the flicker is so realistic and we never have to worry about the flame being blown out .
 My Tealight candles arrived in less than 48 hours ! Amazing service.We use them as seasonal decorations . They are beautiful and safe .
 Nice bright long-lasting candle-like LED lamps.It is bright and this LED lamps flicker similar to the real flame ... recommended !
 Purchased these along with color changing tea candles , it really makes a room cozy and relaxing , was well worth the few $ $ $ and will be buying more , suggested these to friends too as an inexpensive way to low light a room.In closing , a good buy from a good vendor who shipped quickly and was well packaged .
 It is exactly you see from the picture and description , nothing less nothing more , ca n't really comment on the quality as only used one out of whole box for a day , but it seems it should long for a few uses .
 Just what I expected and just what I wanted . My friend taught me how to use big fat candles and after burning down about an inch , put one of these little battery candles in the center of the real candle and wow ... it looks so good !
 We first encountered flameless candles at a restaurant in Maui and made a note to investigate them when we returned to the mainland . Naturally , Amazon had them . We have been happy with the product . They work well and provide just enough light with just enough candle `` flicker '' .
 My order arrived very quickly and with everything just as ordered . I was pleased with how efficiently the order was filled .
 These lights are amazing . I put them in colored glass votive holders and the flame flickers like real candles . I love burning candles , but hate the wax and sometimes forget to blow them out . I will never run out of these . They are wonderful and a great bargain .
 they really work and are real look a like . The batteries were included , which makes the product just ready to be used .
 My mom has a memorial garden where she lit tea candles every night . Well needless to say wind & rain tended to put a damper on her lighting candles for all the family we 've lost . So she liked my solar lights in my garden & I saw candles like these in a nightclub . I decided to get her some for Christmas . They are n't solar powered - just battery operated and she LOVES them . She has a couple in her garden , some in the house , and some out front . The good thing is the wind or rain ca n't extinguish them & you do n't have to worry about an unattended candle . DEFINITELY a great buy if you are looking for a candle without the risks -LRB- even flickers like a candle would -RRB- . GREAT !!
 No worries of the candles blowing out in the wind . These worked great to line the sidewalk of our son 's winter wedding entrance .
 I used these in lanterns over the holidays ! They worked well , and were a fair price . We received them quickly too !
 I used these in my wedding . Although they work great -LRB- flicker like if they where actual fire -RRB- . about 2 or 3 of them lost battery charge in less than 3 hours . Not sure how long they where supposed to last , but that seemed a bit short . For the price you ca n't really complain .
 We bought these this year to place in our windows and fireplace . They are small and twinkle . They work great for indoor uses but you ca n't really see them I 'm they are in a window . The price is right . No problems this year at Christmas . I ca n't speak on the longevity of them . I 'll try to update next year .
 the flickering is ok . It is a good replacement for messy candles . However higher lumina will make it better .
 I got these for my mom to use in some home decorations and they worked wonderfully . The glow is a natural yellow instead of that while sterile color some are .
 I thought it was something more popping than the regular tea lights as it mentioned Amber and few other adjectives . It was same as other store brand and ones that Amazon sells . Nevertheless , it serves the purpose and worked as expected .
 The candles are great ! I can leave them in my china hurricane lantern and not worry about dirt from candles .
 The product worked exactly as one would expect . When you switched it to on it lit up and started flickering . When you switch it off it goes dark . I 'm not sure yet about the long lasting as I have only had them for less than a month .
 We have a small baby and we wanted to light our home for Deepavali - our festival of lights . This was a safe alternative . The tea lights were easy to turn on and off and lasted for a very long time . Def would recommend buying these over regular tea lights .
 The `` flame '' is a bit larger than anticipated , meaning that to make a good display you need a vessel that is tall enough to hide the fact that it is n't real . However , this is n't the fault of the manufacturer so I maintained my five star rating .
 I loved them . So much safer than a flame especially around little ones . Will be using these for the holidays instead ofthe flaming kind . They last a long time and very realistic . Thanks
 Product as described and fast shipping . Other reviews noted some of their tealights did n't work - maybe I got lucky , but all twelve of my tealights worked .
 We did not have time to decorate outside for Christmas ... so we lined the walkway with these ... they were beautiful ... everyone loved them . I would highly recommend ! They come with the battery already in them ... I bought 24 and only 1 did not work ... not a big deal ...
 I really do n't have any complaints - they arrived quickly and they work . They do kind of ` flick ' on and off . I have some ` halloween ' fake candles I bought a few years ago and their flicker actually is a lot more real than these -- these seem programed and not overly natural but for the price ? No complaints.I do agree they 'll have to be in a candle-holder where you ca n't actually ` see ' the candle .
 i got these recently , i really like them , they are perfect for out door events , they have a realistic flicker and quite good light quality . I am pretty satisfied .
 These candles are just fine for the money . They all worked and do have a cool amber color and an interesting flicker .
 Just as good as the ones that come in smaller packages at the craft stores . Much better deal for a dozen vs just buying a few in a pack at the stores . A good alternative to real candles when you have children or curious pets .
 I laid these guys around the room for my Halloween party and they worked exactly as described , emitting a sweet amber glow , and flickering like real candles . All 12 worked right out of the box .
 I was not expecting much when I ordered these , or when I took these out of the package , but they work well and are attractive . I bought them for crafts I made with my small children . I could have used real votives , but knew the kids would want to manhandle their Halloween crafts so I bought these instead . I 'll use these faux candles for lots of occasions though . They are lovely .
 These are just what was expected . We use these outside where real candles would be snuffed out by the wind and indoors where real candles would burn items .98 % of the items worked right out of the box . Several did require some `` adjustment '' and the remaining ones did not work at all . I 'd say we had less than a 1 % failure rate.Each time we get these candles , there seems to be a different way to switch them on ; these are `` push in '' rather than `` switch '' . I prefer the `` switch '' as some of the candles are sensitive and turn off when not placed gingerly.I would purchase these again .
 Nice that the batteries have the little plastic `` cover '' thingy that assures you they have n't been used - no wasted battery life .
 These had a very realistic flicker . I enjoyed these in several holiday tealight and votive holders . I really enjoyed not having to scrap wax and clean everything before I stored it away for the season . I have a few tealight houses and a porcelain sugar plum tree that holds tealights and get covered . Real candles always made these items very HOT . These flameless tealights did n't get hot . I did n't have to worry about my -LSB- ... -RSB- year old or my cat knocking anything over or getting burning . I ca n't wait to use them around the house now that the holiday season is over.It 's only 4 stars because they ca n't use them in a clear holder . But they looked quite realistic in metal , ceramic or frosted glass holders and luminaries .
 I bought this 12-candle pack for Christmas decor and I 'm really satisfied with product quality . Flame effect is life-like , I put on a frosted-glass votive and flickering effect is amazing !!! Uses CR2032 lithium batteries , best battery for LEDs , as we know , LED uses few amperage , not drain your batteries like a conventional bulb , so battery can last for years ... I 'll buy 4 packs more !
 I had seen the candles in a friends home and fell in love with them , they are ideal for the class candleholders and no mess . I was very satisfied to find them at Amazon.com and the delivery was timely for the holidays .
 These candles produce a uniformly warm , amber/yellow light with a pretty realistic flicker . Just push the switch on the bottom to ` light ' or ` extinguish . ' I left them on for many hours over the Christmas holiday and the batteries held just fine . The bulbs were still cool to the touch even after 12-14 hours of operation.They look best in frosted , light-colored votive candle holders . Darker votives absorb much of their light but they still look fine .
 Awesome price ! shipped fast , came with batteries and have not died yet ! we used them for a party outdoor and they were perfect .
 Very pretty amber light and a realistic flicker ... These do exactly what you want them to do.Very much worth the price .
 This lights arrived promptly and in good condition . They all light up fine . There are no problems . I would recommend these lights
 The tealight candles stay on for a long time , before they burn out . Very satisfied with them . They will come in very handy whenever my power goes out again . I would recommend these to everyone I know .
 Looks much more realistic than they used to and last a long time ... so far about 8-9 hours of use and only 1 has gone dead .
 I was very impressed with the amount of light given by the battery operated tea lights . I used them for a wedding and received many compliments .
 We love our Amber LED Flameless Tea lights . We wanted the effect of candles , but did not want to fuss with wicks and dripping wax . We placed the tea lights down into the well of partially burned candles , with just the flame part protruding . The candles cast a gentle , flickering light , which produces just the effect I wanted without any of the mess and bother of real candles . I feel the candles are an exceptional value for the effect they create .
 These were pretty much as I expected them to be . Out of three boxes one candle did not work , other than that no problems
 The build quality of these knives is significantly better than I expected , and the decorative detail is a good contemporary touch . The supplied wooden box provides an easy way to store these when not in use , and they appear to be dishwasher safe . Compared with knives at twice the price in specialty kitchen stores , these represent excellent value for money .
 Very good quality and very sharp.The price through Amazon was much less than the major cooking store was charging . Good value for the money . The only negative is that they are not as heavy as I expected and the wooden box they come in is more for putting them away in a drawer than keeping them out as a display item .
 No problems at all . A reliable item and in according to the specifications . A great aquisition to any formal dinner .
 I like the Jean Dubost Laguiole black steak knives . They arrived packed in a small wooden case with out defects . The blade is sharp and cuts through steaks with out difficulty . I would of given them a 5 if not for the light weight of the handles . They do not have any type of weight to them and feel hollow . But I will keep them and continue to use them as they look nice and serve their purpose .
 I bought these for my husband for a gift several years ago and we love them ! They are well made and work beautifully ! No more cheap steak knives for us !
 From the photo , I thought it was made of metal . It is actually made of the same material as those packaging ice packs , but more decorative . It 's easy to store in the freezer for whenever you need it . The bottle slides in and out easily , and it does a good job of quick-chilling white wine . I did n't time it , but 15 minutes is close . The first glass was still a little too warm , but the second was perfect . It works really well for keeping the wine chilled at the table . I would recommend it . One issue that could be a problem is that it only fits a standard size wine bottle . It wo n't work on a champagne bottle , or the &#34; large economy size &#34; wine .
 I bought this for my wife , because she really wanted a vanity , but I could n't find one locally at any furniture store I visited . I found this on Amazon , and it 's been great . Was delivered in one large box , but required only about 30 minutes to assemble . My wife enjoys it very much , and uses it daily . Looks nice , and is solidly built . I had not problems with either the quality or the performance of this vanity . I recommend it highly !
 100 Chickens And A Worm Poster PrintI first saw this delightful print at the Miami Children 's Hospital . I just had to have it because it enthralled my child so much to look through the print to see all the details and find the hidden surprises .
 Before i used this product , I had thrown away several half-bottles of nice wine because the oxygen had turned it . I do n't buy the most expensive wines out there but its still disappointing when the wine that was so good just a few days ago is off . I recommend it !
 Great product . I drink a bottle a week , so must store at room temp for several days . A couple squirts each time , and the can lasts for months and months . Very good product for the money . The wine preservation seems to last over twice as long as the vacu products , which I have used extensively until I tried this .
 This works well enough for me . It helps preserve the wine for at least another day .
 I 've been using this preserver for the past 3 months . It consistently preserves wine for at least 3-4 days until you notice any difference whatsoever . In reality I have had wine which I preserved 2 weeks earlier and it tasted almost as good as when just uncorked . Great product .
 I have been using this product for years . Contrary to instructions on the bottle , this product is not useful for white wines , which keep just fine in a fridge without gas . On the rare occasions when it has not worked I suspect that I did not completely displace all the air in the bottle.The system can be made more economical by decanting partial bottles into smaller ones . I have used 8-16 ounce juice and tea bottles with metal twist-off caps . This can greatly reduce the amount of gas needed to preserve a smaller quantity of wine .
 A little background on this product
 I 've been using the Vacu Vin system for a while and have never been happy with it . Wines would taste significantly different after one day , be pretty flat by the 2nd day , and undrinkable by the 3rd . Honestly , I ca n't say that I really ever noticed a difference using the Vacu Vin versus just sticking a cork in the bottle and calling it a day.With the Private Preserve spray , I was really impressed . I 've only tried it once so far , on a Patz & Hall pinot noir . I 'm the only red wine drinker at home , as my wife prefers Rieslings . Sadly , I can only drink a glass a day so I 'm always reluctant to crack open a bottle unless we have company . With Private Preserve , I noticed absolutely no difference for the first couple of days while drinking at my usual rate of a glass a day . By the 4th day it started to taste like it had been decanted for a couple of hours . Around the 5th day and the last glass is when the flavor started to break down . I do n't claim to have the most sophisticated palate , so your mileage may vary.As far as usage , I would pour my glass then immediately spray and reseal . Obviously if you let the bottle sit open for a while you 'll have some oxidation happening until you spray and seal the bottle . This may be a good thing for wines that need to open up a bit - let it sit for however long you want , then seal it up and it 'll be ready to go for the next couple of days.For me , this product is an absolute winner . I 'll be tapping into some of my more expensive wines now that I know I wo n't be pouring half the bottle down the sink after a couple of days . I also picked upCilio Wine SealerandCilio Champagne Sealerto use with the spray . I recommend both corks , as the regular wine version did n't fit my pinot noir bottle , but the champagne sealer was a perfect fit .
 This product does exactly what it promises . Leftover wine is preserved for several days after opening .
 We 've used this product for many years , and it remains the best system for storing unused wine for a up to a week . We find that lighter bodied whites only last a few days . Reds last longer - and it depends how long you let it breathe . Stick with this brand - consistent in number of `` pumps '' and ease of use.Vendor was quick and easy to purchase .
 I 've tried pumps and overpriced argon products . This stuff is by far the best value . The pumps only partially work . The pure argon products work , but cost 4-5 times as much per use . Private Preserve is easy to use , effective , and economical . I use it in conjunction with Haley 's Corker . After opening a bottle of wine and having a glass , I use Private Preserve on the remaining bottle and cork it with the Haley 's Corker . Later when I want another glass , I tip the bottle upside down , open the Corker and pour the wine into my glass , losing none of the Preserve gas . With this method I only have to use Private Preserver once per bottle , no matter how many times I pour from the bottle . I have never had any difficulty using this product . By far the best value in wine perservation products !
 I had purchased a product like this years ago and found that it did a great job preserving wine . When I saw it here about it right away . It 's as good as ever
 As the only frequent wine drinker I have thrown away a lot of wine that goes bad quickly . This is excellent solution that does extend the life and taste of wine .
 I like this much better than a vacuum type stopper . Vacuum stoppers just have too much failure for me when dealing with wines . It works great when topping an expensive bourbon or scotch if you are n't going to consume one of those within a month or two . Practice with it a bit though , it can splash out if you have an odd shaped bottle . You get plenty of uses for one of these bottles , and if you are dealing with any sort of mid to higher priced liquors you need to have this .
 Excellent product and wonderful aid to maintain wine for several extra days of freshness . I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys wine .
 This product works as advertised . I have not tried it for long time periods , only 5 days max , and only on red wine , but for that length of time it does stop or greatly slow the degradation of the wine . This is a great product for folks who do n't always finish a bottle in one day . Throw away your vacuum pumps ; they never did work .
 This is a great product for brazing type ` L' copper fuel gas pipe . Keeps explosions and backflashes to an acceptable minimum ; and costs far less than my local welding supplier charges for similar product . 118 more uses to find . Wish me luck .
 We tried this out on a bottle wine a couple of weeks ago . We finished the bottle a few days later and it seemed to be fine . We are not wine experts , so take my opinion for what it is worth . I do wish that this product came with more detailed instructions . My son -LRB- a professional chef who loves and understands wine -RRB- showed me how to use this product . Without his direction , I am not sure I would have known what to do .
 I 've used these wine preservers for years and they are truly excellent . This order was fulfilled by `` Winestuff '' , and it came through just fine , but it took 11 days to receive it .
 Product was as advertised ... arrived on time . Nitrogen is the way to preserve wine . Shipped timely and for the price advertised .
 This Wine Preserver definitely works great ! Used it for the first time a month ago and the bottle of wine lasted over 7 days ! I do n't know if it would have lasted longer -LRB- we finished the bottle -RRB- . I 'm so impressed , I ordered some Wine Preserver for my sister -LRB- also a wine lover -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product to extend the life of your wine .
 I 've been drinking and saving partial bottles of wine for years with this stuff . I 've played with those wine vacuum pumps in the store , and I can tell you from experience using vacuum bells in engineering labs , that there is no way those little pumps and seals could remove enough atmosphere to make a substantial impact in lowering wine oxidation.As for the amount of gas in the bottles , I usually purchase Private Preserve by the case , in an unopened box , and I 've never had an issue . I can usually get at about 100 uses from a can . I think the instructions on the back are over-simplified ; when the bottle is brand new and the pressure is high , you have to cut the amount of spraying time at least in half , if not more . Then gradually increase the amount of time as the pressure decreases . Remember ; only the surface area of the exposed wine needs to be covered , which is pretty small , and not the entire remaining empty volume .
 I 've tried the vacuum pump things and they are about as good at preserving wine as they are at increasing `` size . '' Perhaps it works for a very short time , but it does n't last.This stuff lasts . I 've left a bottle of red for over a week and it was still great . In fact , with some young wines I find they are better after opening , having one glass , then closing with Private Preserve and enjoying the rest the next day.I 'm not sure of the 120 + uses , but I 'm very happy with the value at $ 10/btl .
 After trying vacuum pump / seals , I found this to clearly beat them . Generally keeps our reds for a week , when otherwise I would taste a vinegar taste after a day.In reading some of the other reviewes , I ca n't specifically recall whether it lasts for 120 uses , but with my wife and I drinking 1-2 bottles a week , it lasts for months . Well worth the money in my opinion .
 This item contains inert gas which is heavier than oxygen.It creates a layer on top of the wine which prevents oxidation.You do not need to fill the bottle with the inert gas to prevent oxidation.Wine worth saving costs at least $ 15 a bottle.Assume it saves a half a bottle each time it is used . That is $ 7 + per use saved.If you use good sense and spray only what is necessary you can get many uses out of a bottle.Worst case , say it has 20 uses in it , that is 50 cents per use . Is there any more that needs to be said ?
 This is the most effective and economical method for preserving wine . You wo n't be disappointed if you follow the directions.Long Story : A year or so ago , I was researching better ways to save that half-bottle of red wine overnight -LRB- okay , so I am picky about the flavor -RRB- . I tried the vacuum pumps -- but you do n't really get the air out . I also tried pouring the wine into smaller plastic bottles -LRB- the idea being to not have air on top -RRB- and putting in fridge . But then I would have to warm up the wine -LRB- in a hot water bath because we do n't have a microwave -RRB- . Too much hassle and the bottles were not always perfect size.Then I was considering the expensive machines that use assorted inert gases . But I decided to try out the gas by itself before buying the expensive storage machines -LRB- besides , my wife would be asking `` where you going to put THAT ? '' -RRB- . I saw many reviews of this wine preserver that said it was great , but complained about the number of uses not being 120 . So , I taped a piece of paper to the bottle and ticked off each use . I also was careful to follow the instructions to `` count '' for the first half-second squirt -- my suspicion is that those complaining about `` less than 120 uses '' probably squirted too much into the bottle each time.The results ? I got 100 + uses . Oh , I should point out that sometimes there was only one glass left in the bottle , so I would put in an extra few short-bursts to account for the extra volume .
 The can I bought at Christmas is still blowing strong after probably 50 uses . The heavier than air inert gas sinks to the bottom of the air space in a sealed bottle so you do n't have to completely re-fill the bottle with the gas . It keeps oxygen off the surface of the wine , preventing oxidation -LRB- over-airing and turning to vinegar -RRB- . The combination of gasses is just right to achieve this purpose without acidifying the wine any further -LRB- low CO2 content so no carbonic acidification -RRB- . I 've had a half-drunk bottle keep very nicely as long as 10 days after being re-corked with a 3-second blast of this product . Great stuff .
 I think I have tried every kind of wine preserver known to man , including all the vacuum pump models , some of which are pretty good . There is nothing else as easy to use and effective as this spray wine preserver . It takes about 5 seconds flat to seal a wine bottle and I really do n't taste much deterioration at all in the following days . I will point out that no wine is going to taste the same weeks later
 I 'm using the argon and nitrogen mix to top off any left over fluid such as PVC cement , Plastic Dip , Rubber Cement , Paint or anything else I open up and store for another day .
 Not only does Private Preserve work GREAT , they are selling it for a GREAT price ! If a product works and the price is fair , what else is there to say ?!?!?!
 The light weight of the canisters is deceptive . The effectiveness of this product is quite evident . If used properly , it conserves wine for days !
 Private Preserve has been our standard way to save wine not finished in an evening , but our local wine store is no longer stocking it . Thanks to Amazon for coming to our rescue!No special stoppers , no fancy gizmo 's ... just squirt 3 to 4 times , and stopper.Voila ... your wine is saved for another day !
 This rack does the job , holds a lot of ties , a couple of belts and looks nice . It is just what I was looking for .
 This tie rack was an absolute perfect match for my closet!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000J5XEW2/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 This rack is very well made , looks great and holds plenty of ties and belts . I ordered it as a gift and it exceeded my expectations . This is better than what I could find in local stores that were more expensive than this even with shipping .
 Let 's cut to the chase . If you are thinking of buying a peg-style tie rack on Amazon , this is the one to get . Looks nice and great construction . The belt hooks are also more useful than I anticipated . Even with shipping charges this one costs less than others of similar or lesser quality .
 These dishes are a nice weight with a simple pattern . While the mugs look large , they actually hold the same as a standard size mug . I 've had mine and been using them for a couple weeks now -- they 've been in the microwave and dishwasher several times , and are performing great . I love the simple style and the feel of the dishes -- they have the weight of good quality dishes . Pfaltzgraff also offers a promise that if they discontinue the pattern , core pieces will still be available for 5 years after that . I searched a long time to find some pretty white dishes that my husband and I could agree on , and we 're both happy with these .
 These were everything I wanted in dishes , cheaper than I could buy them on clearance at the store . Sturdy , mugs feel good in your hand , substantial , a bit heavy -LRB- which I had n't considered -RRB- but overall I 'm very pleased .
 I compared this site with the actual Pfaltzgraff website and saw that you offered it for the same price only with free S&H . So , I saved $ 20 with that alone . Fast shipping and ordering went without a hitch . I can always count on Amazon for their customer service .
 Excellent for salads , vegetables , I consider this piece is a must and after all its Lenox , you ca n't go wrong with it
 Nautica Brixton Stripe Bed SkirtFits beautifully , good material , and well proportioned .
 I 've had this GE microwave for several years now and am satisfied with its functionality and compact size . It has several feature buttons -LRB- reheat , defrost , popcorn , beverage , etc. -RRB- that are very handy , and a nice independent timer that will shut off after the first time it sounds . My only complaint is that over time the interior finish on the door has started to wear off and rust , something I have n't noticed with other microwaves I 've used.Update
 After much research , I bought the slightly bigger GE Spacemaker microwave that you can attach underneath your kitchen cabinets . It cost nearly $ 250 after tax on sale at a major retailer . When I got it home , despite having measured carefully , I found that it just did n't look right -- it jutted out a bit and seemed too big for the space . So I returned it and bought this one , in black -LRB- slightly different model number -- JES 735BJ -RRB- , at a major electronics and appliance chain for $ 54 plus tax . It looked much better in my limited space , and after almost two months of fairly frequent use -LRB- several times per day heating up drinks , leftovers , etc. -RRB- , it has n't had any problems . It 's a great little microwave if you have fairly basic microwaving needs , do n't want something that 's going to take up most of your counter space , and do n't want to spend a lot of money . So far I 'm very pleased with this purchase !
 Fast shipment . Superior quality for a supposedly used appliance . I do n't have a lot of counter space and this microwave is perfect for limited areas yet does an excellent job . My other microwave had a dial that you turn and it was hard to judge cooking times accurately . This microwave has a digital clock and a keypad for easy access to setting accurate cook times . I had n't even read the owners manual and could figure out how to work it !
 I bought this little microwave for my sister , who lives close to me and has a small kitchen.I can remember paying several hundred Dollars for my first Radarange back in the late 70 's and it was huge ! I have a GE that doubles as a range hood and in many ways this resembles that unit , only smaller.As do most of these ovens , this one has electronic buttons for all the functions . This makes greasy handprints , etc. , easy to wipe off . The finish seems certainly nice enough , inside and out , for its minimal price.There are preprogrammed buttons for popcorn , etc. . My sister never uses them so I ca n't testify to their usefulness . It appears to me to be just as easy to punch time in.One feature which I have on my GE , and is also on this one , is the weight-programmed defrost . I have grown to use it very often to defrost frozen meats and it appears to work just as well on here . My GE , though , will stop every few minutes to remind the user to flip the meat ; this little oven does n't . For the price , I can understand this . This is not a really powerful microwave
 But my review is for the promptness that the seller refunded my account ! Big ups !
 This mug is awesome ! It keeps my tea as hot as I like it -LRB- and I like it very hot -RRB- for much longer than any other travel mug I 've tried . And I love the leak-proof feature -- I 'm a klutz , so it works well for me . Overall I just like the fact that I can have hot tea for as long as I take to drink it .
 I 've been using this mug for more than several years . It 's still holding up great , even after dropping it too many times to count - plenty of dings to show for it . I do n't put this in the dishwasher at all to prolong it 's life , and put very hot water in for several minutes before filling it with my daily cup of joe . Unfortunately it only stays hot for perhaps an hour ? This is not a thermos folks . The coffee at least is still warm when I get to work , but come 10am , it 's cold . I bought this after having way too many spills in the car and at work - it only is leakproof if you close the lid after use , friends . Be forewarned though , do n't fill it too high or you will have hot liquids coming from the lid when you drink . Or if you fill it too high and go to open it , it 's almost like a pressure builds up in the container and when you go to open the lid for the first sip , it will spray a little . Slowly turn the dial to release the pressure - I 've only noticed this with the first sip - afterwards , not a problem . Water does collect somewhere in the container , but I ca n't figure out where - I can only hear it . If you let it sit in the dish drainer upside down , then it will go away . Periodically you will need to get a brush and clean the area on the underside of the lid due to buildup , especially if you use cream in your coffee . Since I stopped using cream , I have n't noticed quite the buildup .
 It 's true , hold it upside down , put it in your back pack , it does n't spill . I only wish they had a slightly larger size .
 Alright Listen close . I have very few words to share about this mug but they are critical . ! -RRB- Toss it off of the top of a flight of stairs and you will not loose a single drop of liquid .2 -RRB- Keeps the liquid temp longer than I need to drink the contents relative to it size3 -RRB- The twist top sticks sometimes depending on the temperature of the liquid because it creates a vacuum . All you have to do when this happens is push down on the twist part firmly or twist the top to release pressure . Otherwise you will get an unexpected spritz of hot coffee in face while drinking .4 -RRB- Otherwise the solitary simple defect is a good reminder to me that in this world nothing is absolutely perfect , yet . A good start to a great day . Enjoy your coffee !!
 This is a great travel mug as it does what it is advertised to do -- is leak proof ! My only objection is that the handle is a big bulky and does n't fit well in my car 's cup holder , especially if the passenger is using the second cup holder . It 's also easier to hold around the mug than by the handle , since my hand does n't fit between the handle and the mug . However , if you need something for the commute to work that you can guarantee wo n't spill if it 's dropped -LRB- as long as the valve is closed -RRB- , then this is the travel mug for you . It 's worth the price .
 The best coffee mug I have ever owned . It is nice to be able to put my coffee and my new laptop in the same backpack , and not have to worry about the safety of my computer .
 Great product . Bought it for my husband . He drinks his coffee in it everyday on his way to the office . Keeps the coffee at a good temp for a few hours . Also very durable . Definitely spill proof and fits well in car 's cup holder . Will buy again if I ever need another but this one seems to be holding up well , may not need to do so for some time .
 Ok to the people who say this mug leakes
 I bought the previous version of this mug . In fact , I bought three over time -- one for my wife and a replacement for my first one when I dropped it from a very high distance onto a hard floor below . I LOVED it . Heck , I practically * evangelized * it to others , some of whom I know bought one for themselves . The original was truly leak-proof , convenient , and lasted forever . The biggest advantage to the original mug was that the way it was designed ensured that it would NEVER become a `` dribble goblet '' the way every other travel mug does over a period of time of carrying hot beverages . Plus , I could fill the mug and still drink my coffee relatively hot 2 hours later.If I were reviewing the original mug right now , I 'd give it 5 stars and wish I could give it six . The only improvement I could imagine for the original -- which I wrote to Trudeau about -- would have been to coat the outside with some sort of plastic . This would be for two reasons -- one , to contain the heat even better than the stainless steel exterior did , and two , to remove all exterior shininess so it could be put in a microwave.BUT ... I 'm not reviewing the original . I 'm reviewing the current version , which I just purchased two of -LRB- a Black version and a pink Breast Cancer Awareness version -RRB- . And I ca n't give it five stars anymore . I 'm even a little leery about giving it four stars , but it is still the best mug out there , so I have to.How did Trudeau backslide on this version ? Well , they lost the `` dribble-goblet-proofing '' I mentioned above . You see , the reason almost all travel coffee mugs eventually start to drip down your lower lip is that the heat wears away the plastic seal on the lid . Eventually , it 'll work away enough that an ever-so-slight drip can eke its way out . But the original mug had no external seams , so there was no way for this to happen . Rather than having the bottom of the lid meet the top of the cup , as all others I 've ever seen do , the lid fit down inside the top of the cup and screwed in from there . So , your bottom lip did not rest against a seam.This most important feature is what they did away with in the current version . Your lid screws ON rather INTO the top of cup . And after a few months of usage , it 's starting to drip just a very little bit . They have a new sort of mechanism on top of the cup that opens and closes the cup for drinking and helps keep your coffee hot for hours . It still works OK -- I still get a couple of hours of hot beverage out of it . And I see why they changed the design ... The new mechanism is actually a little more convenient to open and close . But at the price of it eventually becoming a dribble goblet , it 's a step backward to me .
 I have had the more well-known travel mugs , and thought that they were the best . Well , I was wrong . This travel mug is by far the best out there . It is truly leak-proof . My friends get tired of me turning it upside down -LRB- I guess I 'm easily amused hehe -RRB- , but I really do like a mug that wo n't spill if tipped over . When turned to the drink side , the liquid flows at about the right rate , not too fast , not too slow . Anyway , I ca n't say enough about this mug , and the price also beats the competition .
 Before I ordered the Trudeau mug I read all the reviews and was worried it would not dispense coffee in a drinkable fashions . Many of the reviews stated the coffee dribbled out or did n't come out at all . Sure enough when I received my mug , it would not give up the coffee in the open position . Surely the manufacture would not sell a product that did n't do exactly what it was intended to do . So after a close look I noticed a screw in the middle of the lid . I could see the clearance between the rotating part of the lid and the seal did n't open enough to dispense the coffee . While holding the top of the rotating part I loosened the screw to increase the clearance between the seal and the lid -LRB- just a little -RRB- . I put lid back on and it now works perfect .
 I have a medical problem which requires me to drink ice water nearly every 10 minutes . Therefore , I must have a travel mug next to me at all times . My mug gets knocked over or dropped at least once per day . At one time or another , I believe that I have tried nearly every travel mug on the market to find the to find the best . The Trudeau mug has a screw-on top which does not leak and is easy to get on and off . The mug can be cleaned easily and is one of the least expensive mugs .
 This product works very well , it is easy to drink out of , keeps my drink hot for a long time , and does n't leak ! It fits in cup holders easily and is very practical .
 I just love these.They keep the coffe hot for the two hours . It a litter hard to get the drink to flow , how once you get the hang of it . it great
 This is a great mug for the price ! It is stainless steel on both the outside and inside which is exactly what I was looking for . Most 18 oz mugs are a lot more expensive . More importantly it is stainless steel on the inside . Plastic coffee mugs may be a little bit cheaper but you 're paying more with your health with the cancer causing chemicals that leak out in the plastic mugs . We 're very happy with this product !
 Trudeau Drivetime Travel Mug , Stainless SteelNo muss , no fuss and easy to clean .
 These travel mugs work very well , when in the closed position they do not spill a drop . Takes some getting used to drinking from the mug when in open position.Would be nice to have some more insulation around the mug.Overall worth getting .
 I have lost two Trudeau Drivetime Travel Mugs and keep replacing them with the same item because it is the only leak-proof cup I 've found . -LRB- Most reviews seem to focus on how long a cup keeps its contents hot -- I think leaks are much more important ! -RRB-
 i love it ... kept my tea warm over 21/2 + . i would say 3 hours . people who gave one or two stars ... ? they do n't know how to use this mug . stop crying .
 This mug is everything it is advertised to be . It will not spill in the car , keeps my coffee hot and is easy to clean . This item will last along time .
 I am not the coffee drinker in this home , my husband is . I have lost count of how many times I have had coffee spilled at the house , in the car , and on me . We will always buy this brand because of the lid . It wo n't keep your coffee warm for hours , but it is worth every dime for the no spill feature . You can literally hold it upside down and it wo n't spill . Helpful hint
 We have now purchased at least 8 of these mugs over the last 3 years . They do not leak and they keep the coffee hot for about an hour while drinking . If the mug is kept closed , the coffee stays hotter longer , of course ... Although they are marked not to put in the dishwasher , we always run them through the dishwasher . This tends to wear them out faster but we have yet to find a good insulated travel mug that is dishwasher safe .
 Very fast delivery time ! My wife and I love the travel mugs ; we 've owned several over the years -LRB- lost several -RRB- and have given many away as gifts . They work as advertised , what better praise ?
 Yes it 's tricky to get larger gulps of coffee with this mug but that same feature keeps it from spilling all over yourself . I ride public transportaton where there are frequent sudden turns , jolts and breaks and I never get the coffee on me . I do n't take more than 20 minutes to sip my coffee . I do n't understand why anyone would keep coffee in their mug for more than an hour anyway so the fact that it does n't keep warm for hours is n't an issue for me .
 I bought this Travel Mug for my BF on clearance when Mervyn 's was going out of business . I was actually quiet nervous for he is very picky about his Travel mugs . Well , let me tell ya , to even try and take this away from him is like taking a bottle away from a baby ! I of course am very pleased with myself . Now I am even more pleased to have found them on Amazon ! WooHoo go Amazon !!!!
 I have two sets of these sheets and they are the best that I own . They arrive out of the dryer with minimal wrinkles and are soft and supple to sleep on .
 These are very high quality sheets and such an incredible bargain ! We are extremely satisfied .
 The sloping sides compared to a regular sauce pan make this pan the one you should use as a foundation for building your cookware arsenal . I do not believe in buying full sets of matching cookware . Half of it you will probably never use . I worked in the food and catering business for 20 years and I know that you should choose each pan or pot carefully . Read Alton Brown 's book `` Gear For Your Kitchen '' , and remember Julia Child 's show -LRB- available on DVD -RRB- . You will see why good chefs use a variety of pans . This chef 's pan is just great , I could not live without it just like my 10 inch cast iron skillet . Happy cooking .
 This is a great pan . It cooks wonderfully , it is large enough and deep enough to cook anything . Plus , it cleans well . I use it all the time and it is definitely a favorite .
 The stainless steel emerilware chefs pan is great . It 's perfect for family dinners . It fits in perfectly with the rest of my pieces .
 We have had these for more than a year and love them . It is easy to take off the covers and throw them in the wash . I was worried about shrinkage but they fit just fine even after a spin in the dryer . They are also pretty stable - my smallest one will grab the sides and pull up and they do not topple over on her . We have not had any luck with the table being used for anything other than a `` jump rock '' . It has been relegated to the garage .
 I am a licensed family child care provider and purchased this set for our son 's room when he moved out of the nursery . I am soooo happy I bought this 4 years ago and so are the kids . Ours is in red . It took only 15 minutes minutes to put them all together , everything incredibly sturdy , the cushions are comfortable -LRB- though not foam-filled and super plushy , but I appreciate that as they seem to be more durable -RRB- , and it roomy enough for 10-year olds -LRB- possibly older -RRB- . The kids -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- have sat , stood , climbed , and even jumped on it -LRB- twice -RRB- daily for the past 4 years , but they are still like new ! The cushions come off easily for you to wash and the colors stay bright and do n't bleed , even after at least 10 washes . We also own the sofa couch from Guidecraft in blue and love that , as well . If you need a seating set for your own children , classroom , or childcare , I HIGHLY recommend this one . It 's worth every penny !
 I am a licensed family child care provider and purchased this set for our son 's room when he moved out of the nursery . I am soooo happy I bought this 4 years ago and so are the kids . Ours is in red . It took only 15 minutes minutes to put them all together , everything incredibly sturdy , the cushions are comfortable -LRB- though not foam-filled and super plushy , but I appreciate that as they seem to be more durable -RRB- , and it roomy enough for 10-year olds -LRB- possibly older -RRB- . The kids -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- have sat , stood , climbed , and even jumped on it -LRB- twice -RRB- daily for the past 4 years , but they are still like new ! The cushions come off easily for you to wash and the colors stay bright and do n't bleed , even after at least 10 washes . We also own the sofa couch from Guidecraft in blue and love that , as well . If you need a seating set for your own children , classroom , or childcare , I HIGHLY recommend this one . It 's worth every penny !
 These chairs have not left my boys sight ! They move them from room to room . They sit and read , watch birds , even playing their `` air guitars '' in them . My boys are 2 and 3 . A great investment . The chairs have room for growth , too .
 I have given 4 of these away as Christmas gifts and everyone still loves them !! It is hard to find any tableware that is not made in China !! If you want Spode that is made in England you must shop the vintage items !!! I love this pie plate and it does stand up well in the dishwasher and the oven !!
 I gave this to my daughter for her birthday and she loves it ! She uses it everyday ! It fits right in with her kitchen decor !
 I was looking for a good quality very thick cutting board that was dark wood and stainless steel trim so I could leave out on my counter all the time and it would look nice . I found it , this is exactly what I wanted and I proudly leave it out for everyone to see next to my new knives in a matching block . Looks like a chef kitchen to me . I keep it in tip top shape with special conditioner designed for wood that is food safe . The handle on one side is just slightly bent , most people would n't notice , but I 'm very pickey and notice what others usually would not ... otherwise I 'd give it 5 stars .
 This product was received in a timely manner and was just what expected when opened . Beautiful ! Great Price ! Wo n't regret this purchase .
 I found this in a local store and was immediately drawn to the good looks , hefty size and above average work space . A huge added bonus was the ability to hang the entire board thanks to the stainless steel handles/band . The SS also provides a little something `` extra '' to this classic design so it fits perfectly in a modern kitchen.Good finish with food grade lacquer help reduce the appearance of surface mars . Of course , over time it will show wear due to use however , so far so good.Double sided . Unlike some wood cutting boards , this has a double faced work space and/or use only one to make beautiful serving/cutting display for breads/other . Do n't be caught off guard by the one star review below ... take time to read it and you will see it is for failure to ship the item rather than a review on the actual item itself.Compares favorably to `` big name '' brand cutting board that sells for double/triple the price . Big Plus ... Made in America so you do n't need to worry about potential hazards when working with food preparation.Very nice board for an excellent price .
 this pan is so useful for so many purposes in the kitchen ! I love it !! I have about 8 Emerilware Stainless pans and I love all of them ... I have the 1 quart saucier and used it all the time but some times it just was n't big enough ... the 2 quart is perfect !! If I had to chose between either one , I would take the 2 quart ... the size is a little more useful and it comes with a lid ! BONUS !! Love it !!!
 We received a gigantic wood-base set of Basic Essentials brand knives for our wedding two years ago , and by now they are all discolored and rust-spotted and icky-looking despite only hand-washing them and trying to be careful with them . So we decided to try this set out when we saw it at this great sale price . I have a lot of other KitchenAid stuff , so I figured it was a good buy . Here are my thoughts : PROS : - KitchenAid brand - Good assortment of USEFUL sized knives -LRB- the last gargantuan set had literally 5 or 6 knives that were so bizarre or unwieldly in size or shape that we never used them once , like this weird little hooked cheese knife , or this GIGANTIC butcher knife - everything seemed to be too big or too small , so I 'd feel ridiculous using a huge knife to cut a tomato or something -RRB- - Full-tang cutlery -LRB- except the steak knives -RRB- that is well-balanced and comfortable to hold without fear of slippage - The smaller compact size of the block , and that it has spaces for all the steak knives as well as the scissors and blade sharpener - The block is also visually appealing with the KitchenAid logo , if you 're into that kind of thingCONS : - Steak knives are not really serrated -LRB- which could be a good or bad thing I guess -RRB- , though they are sharp - Steak knives are not full-tang , they are just a blade top inserted into a plastic base , but they do n't feel loose , so hopefully they will withstand the test of time - Block was a little disappointing looking ; even though it is a nice compact size , it does not swivel like my old base , the holes for the knives go all the way through to the bottom of the base -LRB- which makes me think if I dropped it it would probably fly apart -RRB- , and you can see wood glue that seeped out into the knife slots where it was put together . I will probably try to sand this down so as to avoid scratching the surface of the knives , as others have commented . Also , ours came with a strange light highlighter-yellow stain on the front , which I guess is not a terrible thing , but it was unexpected and a little disappointing . Hopefully I can get it off , if not , I guess I can live with it since it 's not too visible once the knives are in there.Overall , the knives are sharp and seem well-made , they come with a useful selection of sizes and blade types , and the base makes it convenient .
 This is NOT your typcal budget cutlery set ... The price does not reflect the quality of the actual product . This is one of the best values in cutley I 've ever seen . I own sets that have cost me alot more $ $ , but NOT of the same quality for the money that I have spent . The edge retention of the steel , as well as the fit and finsh make this set worth every penny invested . If you want a set of cutlery that will withstand daily/home use and continue to give the expected performace you can rely on , this is the answer . On the other hand , if you want `` trophy/display '' cutlery , keep looking . . and be prepared to spend alot more . If my set were lost , damaged , or stolen today , I would be back on the Net tomorrow reordering this same thing . Even though cutlery/knife storage blocks are usually a sidebar to the sets themselves , this one is well thought out . With the knife slots in a horizontal , instead of the typical vertical position , removal and reinsertion of the knives are somewhat easier and appear to have less of a dragging/dulling effect on the cutting edges . The quality of the wood and the attention to detail make the block worth what I 've spent on the entire package -LRB- cutlery and block -RRB- . GJM
 I had been using old , dull knives to cut vegetables , meat , bread and everything else . I wanted to treat myself to a nice knife set , so I picked this one . I 'm blown away by this set ! The weight is perfect for chopping and the blades are nice and sharp . The funky red color looks cute in my kitchen too . The only negative is they 're not dishwasher safe , but luckily they do clean easily by hand . Overall , I 'm thrilled to finally have a knife set to be proud of.REVISED
 First of all , they 're just gorgeous . And then , they are wonderful to work with . I 'm an amateur chef and I find these knives to be perfet for chopping , dicing , and other kitchen needs . They 're heavy , but not too much , and the blades are nice and sharp . I never put my knives in the dishwasher , so that has n't been a problem at all . I love them !
 These are excellent knives for the price . I agree with all the pro 's and con 's listed below.The lack full tang steak knives are not a big deal and the block is not great , but for these knives are well worth the money.They are RAZOR sharp when you take them out of the box so be very careful!The only con I would add is that they are made in CHINA ! Boo !
 these knives are so sharp & cut through everything wonderfully . the scissors are great also ! love the color ... just one of the best purchases ive made lately ! would highly recommend them to anyone that needs a basic knife set !! they are great !!!
 Had hoped the chefs knife would be heavier , much less flex . But for the price I got what I paid for .
 Got these on sale for $ 40 , at that price an excellent deal . The steak knives are quite cheap feeling , they are stamped not forged - but they are a side attraction . The larger knives are better quality . Some have rough or unven edges where the plastic handle meets the tang of the blade . All seem nicely sharp and well balanced.Saw them in a retail store for over $ 200 , certainly not worth that much - have also seen them as a freebee when buying KitchenAid appliances .
 I picked these up as one of a couple Mother 's Day presents for my wife . What a great deal . She is very happy with them and I 've used them several times . Great quality on a small budget . I 'd reccomend these to anyone .
 I have not had these very long , but they seem nice . As far as the sharpness , I sliced my finger open the first time I washed the steak knives . My only complaint , which is small , is the the knives do not fit snugly in the block , but that does mean you can put the knives in whichever slot .
 These Kitchenaid knives are fantastic . They add a great look to my kitchen and they are a pleasure to work with . So many different knives and so sharp . Now I can get all of my food preparation completed with ease . And the steak knives in the same block make it easy to keep all of my good knives together.This is a super set and well recommended .
 I love these knives!Very sharp , nice weight to them , cut well.My only problem is that they 're not dishwasher safe .
 I have n't used them much yet - but they seem to cut well and have a good balance . The knives also seem pretty well made and look great .
 If you 're after top-of-the-line , culinary-school-graduate knives , this is n't the set for you . If you 're just starting out and want a nice assortment of knives and a nifty block to store them in , I highly recommend this set . The chef 's knife has a nice weight to it . My roommate says she 'll never live in a kitchen without kitchen shears again - and having them on the counter is so nice ! The eight `` steak knives '' are n't serrated like most steak knives , which is very handy for me - those knives work well for prep , serving , and eating everything from peppers to pumpkin pie to chicken breast .
 These knives look great on my kitchen counter , adding a splash of color . The knives are very sharp and have worked great . They recommend not putting them in the dishwasher , however I have with no noticeable side effects .
 I bought these because they were a great price and I like the whole RED KitchenAid line . Great accent to the traditional neutral kitchen colors . I do n't cook a lot so this middle grade quality is fine . I have one $ 200 German chef knife that rocks . These fill in .
 I bought this for my sister as a gift and she loves it ca n't stop talking about it and when people come to visit they comment on how great it looks in the kitchen . Its not an eyesore like some . And they think its really expensive too . Win , win I guess .
 Opening my sister 's cabinets where she kept the knives can be at times a daunting task . Dull knives strewn in with other kitchen gadgets makes for an obstacle course for your hand trying to pick a knife worthy of committing harakiri . Make that slicing your fingers trying to cut some tomatoes . Yeah , that 's how dull her knives are . Enter KitchenAid -- with their 16 piece sharp , ergonomic , right weight knives with brushed stainless steel . Sure they are red colored handles which could make you hide in your closet -LRB- no phun intended -RRB- , but cut they do and they simply work . The useful tan colored block may not be the perfect fit , but they nicely hold the knives in place . My only beef is the steak knives looking cheap as they are missing the metal cap on handles found on the accompanying knives . I 'm sure Giada -LRB- my fave chef -RRB- would agree , these knives look and work well . For the home at least . And to top it off , $ 30 with free shipping . Now that 's an offer anyone can not refuse . I bought five .
 Very good value at this price . Very sharp knives . Good quality knives should never be placed in the dishwasher .
 Been using this set for three weeks intensively . The quality of the knives are very high . It cleans easy and they stay VERY dangerously sharp . In contrast to some of the other brands we were using . I have not had the need to sharpen these knifes yet .
 I 've been slowly changing the look of my kitchen with red appliances and this cutlery set is a great addition . I love all the different knives plus the scissors ... and the price was great !
 I bought this set of knives for my new apartment . I like them . They look nice and work very well .
 I purchased this set for $ 40 and for the price they are an excellent knife set . The steak knives are very flimsy so if you are a big steak eater I would recommend saving these for your camping equipment or for parties and replacing them with something different . They seem to do fine with the dishwasher after 3 weeks of owning them . I have n't used them enough to speak about how they hold their sharpness , but I keep a cheap ceramic sharper in the drawer below them to sharpen them up any time it needs to be done.I was looking for a set to hold me over for a few years until I buy a professional set and these will work perfect until then !
 When cutting the cheese -LRB- wink wink , nudge nudge -RRB- for a Mother 's Day BBQ at my parent 's place , I felt the dreaded snap of the blade on a knife from a set that 's been around since my middle-school days . Since these knives were in very bad shape and there was n't any sentimental reason to continue using the dull almost antiques , I thought it 'd be a great idea to find a decent replacement.The first thing my mom did when she unpacked the set was call me with a list of wonders about which can be summarized briefly around the balanced weight , solid construction , and the sound the knives make when you pull them out of the block . That weekend they had another BBQ and I decided to give these knives a quick look . Everything she said was on the level and this was a pretty good value for a simple set of knives that brought an even better return in the happiness generated by giving this set as a gift.There is a single negative for this knife set and it is the only reason for giving four out of five stars . I ordered the knives myself and noticed that when working with high acid content foods , such as an onion or chile , it is very important to immediately clean or at least rinse/wipe the knife . If you do n't do this then you will have to polish the blades to remove the corrosion stains . A minor issue since these knives will take plenty of abuse but one consumers should be aware of with most knife sets in general .
 This is awesome i 'm very happy for this product , the knives are so comfortable they do what they have to do .
 I am by no means an experienced chef . I am just getting started in the world of cooking . I was looking for a great set of knives that would n't be junk in a year . Here they are . All of the knives -LRB- except the steak knives -RRB- are full tang , forged , and very , very sharp . They have excellent weight and balance to them and feel natural when chopping/slicing . For the price I paid for this set during a Friday Sale , it would n't get me a regular chef 's knife of the same quality as this one.Overall , a great deal on some great knives . I would recommend them to anyone .
 The knives in this set are sharp , but they are n't very thick . They have a slightly flimsy feel to them .
 Everything was in the package which is a plus , had saftey tips and cleaning tips to keep them in good shape , block is very sturdy , all in all a great product
 This is the BEST knife set I have ever owned . They cut eveything and they are beautiful . If you shop anywhere else , you get less knives for more money . I bought this set on Amazon.com for less money and more knives . Everyone who uses them just loves them . I am very happy with everything I have from Kitchen Aid , their products are well worth what you pay for them .
 This was a really good find . For a home chef like me , these knives are more than enough for daily needs . The price -LRB- 39.99 -RRB- was a steal for this set and the red color goes well with my kitchen decor . Love it . . !!!
 These are great knives and we 've been looking for a set that comes with the block , and you ca n't go wrong with the price that I bought them at on one Friday sale . KitchenAide is a great product that I 've never had compaints with .
 I got these knives from the Friday Sale they had a month ago.I love them , they are very sharp , and it has a very good weight to the blade.The tip of the knives are very pointy , you have to be careful not to cut yourself . Overall they are great . and for the price , it 's really a good deal .
 I am major fan of Kitchen aid and this set doesnt let me down . TO finally have sharp nice knives feels good . And the price was awesome .
 I love the knives , they are easily one of the best sets of knives that ive ever had -LRB- coming close to Cutco -RRB-
 This is a wonderful all around use set . The set itself is a beauty , but as soon as you use just one of the knives you are in love . Definitely a purchase you 'll be happy with .
 For 39.99 this was a great deal . Knives and block are user friendly and nice to have out . They seem to keep a sharp edge and , with the steel included , should last a long time .
 The product is good for the price . When I purchased the product I did n't expect the knives to be as good as a set of high priced knives . They are sharp and I find that the sharpening tool works well as long as you know how to use it.This product is worth the money spent .
 I bought these for a gift for myself for Mothers Day and they are the greatest knives I have ever owned ! I was really pleased at the quality of the knives and the knife block ! This was also my first purchase on Amazon but after getting these at such a good deal I will be back ! :o-RRB- I highly recommend these knives to all !
 Nice sharp knives with a holder for a nice price .
 This is a beautiful set of knifes for the price . I gave them as a present and they would n't stop saying `` OH , this is too much , you should n't have '' . Now I would n't mind a set for myself .
 Although I have n't had a chance to use all the knives in this set yet , I am very pleased thus far . The red is a nice touch and the wood block keeps everything organized which I love !
 I bought this set of knives for my wife 's birthday . She loved them . We use them daily and they stay sharp and feel substantial .
 I 'm very pleased overall with these knives . They are beautiful , sharp , and well-balanced . They are very versatile and comfortable to use . The mutliple smaller knives for non-specialzed use have a bit more flexibility in the blades as they are quite thin than I would have preferred but they still function very well .
 I totally love this set . The block keeps knife set very well . Each knife fits my purpose , including knife sharpener . I also love the color , black looks more classic than the red one .
 Very happy with this purchase . I have a ~ $ 100 + set of Sabatier knives I 've been using for 10 years , and ordered this for the steak knives , serrated knives and shears . This set now has taken over the main kitchen duties - time to retire the old set .
 I purchased these as a replacement for an extremely cheap set of knives I bought when I was first married . For me , one who only occasionally gets serious in the kitchen , they are perfect . They feel heavy and substantial in your hand and are really marvelous at doing what they were designed to do
 Excellent knives , especially for the price . All came well sharpened and ready to go . Make sure you put the steak knives in the block blade side up so as not to dull them and for better fit . Well balanced and a smart mix of knives , none too unwieldy or huge . I 've used every one for various preparations . Make sure to hand wash these and dry immediately , the only way to take care of a good set of knives . These just feel good in the hand and do a wonderful job . Love the fact I can sharpen at any time .
 For the price and what you get , it is definitely worth it . The only downside to this product `` in my eyes '' is that the style of larger knives is different than the steak knives . The larger knives are seamless solid metal throughout the blade and hilt . On the other hand , the steak knives have a solid plastic hilt with an attached -LRB- seamed -RRB- blade . If this has no relevance to your steak knife preference , then this product is a 5 star 100 % product . Durability and sharpness are great ... I just had a preference of style .
 I bought these for mothers day 4 years ago and they 're still used today , every day . They are great quality and come with a steeler to keep them sharp as original . No wobbly handles or water in the handles or rust build up .
 These knives are functional and look good too . Though they are not the best , they are a great choice for the money .
 What an awesome knife set , looks good and works great ! The blades are very sharp and produce an even , reliable cut . The knifes are perfectly balanced and the handles feel great . I threw out a knife set that was just a few months old when I tried these . The bread knife is the best I have ever used and the look goes perfect in my red & black kitchen . This purchase also inspired me to buy the Kitchenaid red cookware which is also top rate .
 Like several posters have mentioned , these are a great , inexpensive , stylish set.I give it 4/5 because the steak knives are not one piece knives .
 Great price for so many knives , block included . Nice feel to the handles .
 i WAS LOOKING FOR A NEW CUTLERY SET AND I COULD N'T BE HAPPIER WITHMY PURCHASE . THE KNIVES WERE SUPERIOR TO MY OLD SET AND THE QUALITYOVER ALL WAS WONDERFUL.THIER IS A KNIFE FOR EVERY JOB YOU HAVE IN THE KITCHEN.THE HANDLES WERE MADE TO FIT INTO YOU HAND.THE NAME KITCHEN AID STANDS FOR QUALITY AND THIS CUTLERY SET ISQUALITY .
 I found this set to be a nice addition to my kitchen . I always hand wash cutlery though , so I have had no issues with `` rust '' what so ever . I have n't tried every single piece , but so far so good . They have a nice balance to them . I have never had problems with Kitchen Aid products !
 I love these knives and would recommend them to anybody . They look great and they cut really nice .
 Very attractive design . Comfortable to use . Great knife set for the money . Fits in great with my kitchen which is furnished with KitchenAid appliances .
 The KitchenAid 16pc cutlery set is my favorite wedding gift . My husband and I were recently married and love to cook . This cutlery set has every knife that we need to prepare our favorite recipes .
 This KitchenAid 16pc cutlery set is a beautiful addition to my kitchen which is decorated using red and white appliances . The cutlery set includes a variety of different size knives - each perfect for chopping and slicing.Beauty and Function together !
 This is a nice looking thermometer , a good deal for the price , and it does what it 's supposed to do .
 Nice and easy to read from a distance . Very lightweight . It does what it is advertised to do .
 This item is just as pictured and described . It is easy to read and very accurate . Easy to mount on the porch and view from inside the house . Love it !!
 We 've only been using it for a few weeks at a school but it seems like it 's pretty close to the correct temperature that another thermometer I have reads . I like how it has the humidity so you can figure out the `` feels like '' temperature and having the wind chill reading is good too .
 We really enjoy this outdoor thermometer . We fastened it to a support post on our patio and can easily read the temperature from our kitchen window . It 's true that the thermometer does n't have a back and that is why I only gave it a rating of four stars . But I cut a circular piece of masonite and fastened it to the back of the thermometer that made it easy to mount . I recommend this product .
 This product withheld on our wall outside during one of the windiest days we 've ever had . The correct temperature is always posted and it 's colorful backround adds a bit of attraction to our backyard . Works just fine for the price .
 It was just a bit larger than I figured it would be but it is what I was looking for . Does exactly what I wanted .
 It is light weight and needs good secure placement . It seems to be very accurate . Good value . Arrived promptly .
 I like this thermometer because it is easily read from indoors . I hope it last for a long time .
 Easy to install , just right aesthetically . . Displayed temperature is consistently 5 to 7 degrees higher than the actual . That may be a location issure .
 I needed a replacement thermometer and I like the design and wind chill readings of this device . Would recommend it to everyone .
 Allthough we have it a short time , my and I are Happy with it . It replaces another we had for about five years , which became very inacurate . I like the idea it measures Humidity -LRB- comfort index -RRB- .
 Nice and big so can be read from a distance . Im not sure about the humidstat as it always seems to be low but I do n't have any way to check it .
 I bought this for a gift for my mom.At first she thought it might be too big , since it was just outside her window , right on the corner of her mini deck.She loves it - so easy to see ! She likes the chill / heat index to see approximate temperature - without `` reading '' the dial.It was easy to mount , although look at your area to be sure it mounts the way you want it . Nice thermometer !
 I have this on my front porch so in the morning I glare out the window while sitting at the kitchen table and I am always informed throughout the day on what the temperature is . This is very important to me in the winter months . Now this is not an expensive thermometer it is made of plastic . My first impression was how cheap the plastic was BUT it does what it suppose to do , so it is exactly what I wanted
 We keep this thermometer + hygrometer at our back porch . it is only hung with one nail on the top and the bottom is touching the mesh-screen which makes the hydrometer coil touch the screen . makes me wonder if it reads correctly but I believe it does . Like other reviewers said , it does what it 's supposed to do
 I was looking for the least expensive gauge with big , easy numbers to read.It filled the bill on both counts , & after having now almost a year , it always has been within 1 > 2 degree max of the temp . from weather channel reading in town , several mile away . We have it under a porch , & I would NOT recommend this if it were to be totally open to the elements 24/7 , because the sealing of the face/back , is not such that it would either prevent leaks , fogging .
 We have this thermometer on our deck . It is colorful and easy to read from inside the house .
 HAS A LITTLE EXTRA READINGS WIND CHILL , HEAT INDEX . NICE PRODUCT FOR THE SMALL AMOUNT PAID .
 Although there is no back on this thermometer , I 've found this to be very accurate . I mounted it onto a board to protect the back and ease installation to my privacy fence . The only oddity that I 've noticed was that the hygrometer reads OK unless the direct afternoon sunlight hits it and that it goes awry . I assume that it 's affected by the direct light , but in the shade it 's fairly accurate and easy to read .
 Been a season and it is still working fine . Now there is proof of how high the humidity is . My husband ca n't argue when it is right in front of him . .
 This does a reasonable job at giving us an idea of the temperature outside . Unfortunately , to see it , we needed to put it on the deck bannister . So although not real close to the house , it is close enough to affect the temperature . But even with that , it still reads a bit higher than it should .
 Both thermometer and hygrometer are accurate , or at least read the same as some higher grade devices that can not be read at more than arms length.I 've had one similar to this hanging in a shaded area under the roof of my southerly facing back porch for years , but it would get blown down when a strong wind came in at a certain angle and finally broke the post that anchored the bi-metal spring . I attached this one with screws through the face instead of hanging it , so it should n't blow away .
 I was very pleased with its appearance . It was a gift to a friend and they are enjoying it . Works great !
 Costs a lot less than many others and seems to work well . It is within a degree of other thermometers that I trust .
 Purchased this outdoor thermometer about a month ago . It is large , readable from our kitchen , attractive and MUCH more accurate than the old -LRB- LL BEAN -RRB- thermometer that we used to have . Worth the price .
 This thermometer is hanging on our garage . We have had it a few months and I will say it is pretty accurate with the news forcast . In the past the white seems to turn yellow over time -- but too soon to tell .
 I really like these - they look great and they are absorbent . Not too expensive either . We use these as everyday hand towels and they look nice without costing a ton .
 It 's true , hold it upside down , put it in your back pack , it does n't spill . I only wish they had a slightly larger size .
 Keeps the my coffee hot from home to desk , 45 minutes before I open the lid and my coffee is still very hot.The lid , has several openings an allows the coffee to vent and return to the cup when open
 The lid threads are a little wonky but this will keep your bev warm even at higher altitudes . I love mine .
 Works great ! Just what my husband was looking for . It keeps his tea hot while he 's out taking care of all the snow on the ground .
 When my husband left one of these on the commuter train it was a tragedy . He loves this mug -- can `` hang '' it from the handle and it does n't leak . This is our second one .
 Does not leak , just as advertised . The top of the cover is not one level . It has two higher sides and two lower sides , sort of like a wave around the top of the mug . This makes drinking a bit tricky . I actually poured coffee all over myself at work last week . But the liquid does flow well when the stopper is in the open position . When the stopper is closed it does not leak . When the top is screwed on the two higher sides are not in position to offer a good drinking position , thus the spillage as described before . If yours tightens with the higher side in the correct drinking position you should have no problem . I typically drink the entire contents in about 3 hrs , and the coffee stays warm for about 1 hour of that time , and that 's with pre-heating the inside of the mug with hot water before adding my coffee . Overall its not bad if not spilling is your main goal .
 I loved this mug . It kept the beverage hot for a loooong time . I actually lost it or it was taken ... either way , i have tried other mugs since then just to see if anyone can match it , they can not . It is a bit pricey , but if you keep your eye on it ... it is well worth it .
 I like this mug and would buy another one but everyone should know that not only is it not dishwasher-safe -LRB- which is noted on the bottom of the mug -RRB- , but you ca n't let it soak either . Prolonged exposure to hot water will cause the seals to spring leaks . Mine started leaking from the bottom . So wash by hand and do not let it sit in the sink . Otherwise , it does the job .
 Awesome product . I had an older model for 7 years and lost it . I 'm glad I did ! I drive an older two seater with no cup holders so I need an absolutely leak proof mug . This is it . Great size , Fits in my other cars cup holder , and does not leak !!! Easy to use , comfortable lid to drink from . Love it .
 Unlike many of my other travel mugs this one does not suffer from the `` have to blow liquid out of the airhole to get a sip '' problem . Nor does it suffer from `` splash back '' when you jolt the mug while it 's in the open position , such as hitting a bump while driving . This mug kept my tea `` SCORCHING HOT '' for an hour and warm enough to drink for about 3 hours -LRB- total drinkable time 3 hours -RRB- . When you lock it closed it does not leak at all . Very stylish too ! I am going to buy 2 more today !
 I have had only good experiences with this travel mug as well as with other Trudeau insulated products . The 360 degree drinking -LRB- meaning you can drink from any side -RRB- is a good feature . The mug needs to be opened with two hands so not good for people who want to open and close it while driving . The black finish is very sleek but is n't a tough finish if the mug is going to be banged around . I have seen ones in stores with scratches on them .
 I have had the more well-known travel mugs , and thought that they were the best . Well , I was wrong . This travel mug is by far the best out there . It is truly leak-proof . My friends get tired of me turning it upside down -LRB- I guess I 'm easily amused hehe -RRB- , but I really do like a mug that wo n't spill if tipped over . When turned to the drink side , the liquid flows at about the right rate , not too fast , not too slow . Anyway , I ca n't say enough about this mug , and the price also beats the competition .
 I did what you 're doing now , and read these reviews . From my perspective , this is the single greatest travel mug on the market . One reviewer mentioned that it does n't stay warm long enough , however my coffee/tea stays respectably warm for AT LEAST AN HOUR . Usually more.There is something truly satisfying about tossing a full travel mug of coffee onto the floor of your car if you 're in a hurry ... or placing it in your backpack between classes -- and neeever worrying about it spilling . pure genius!my ONLY complaint is that the handle is n't conducive to the cupholder in my Mazda 6 . The handle extends too far down which causes it to get in the way of my center console ... I can only stabilize it in the cupholder if both cupholes are empty . BUT since it 's leak proof , I have no problem setting it on the seat next to me .
 This is the only cup I 've found that does n't leak -LRB- important to train commuters ! -RRB- . It 's not the best at holding heat for a long time , but that is not as important to me as the fact that I can show up to work without coffee stains on me and my stuff .
 I received one of these as a gift about 5 years ago because of my habit of spilling coffee all over the interior of my car . I have used it continually since then and it works great . The paint is starting to scratch off , but I 'm pretty rough with it.It IS leak-proof , but only if you let the pressure equalize . That is , once you fill it with coffee , let it set a minute then open and close the lid to let the heated air escape.It does loose heat if you leave it open . . as long as you re-seal after each drink , it works reasonably well.It is practically indestructable . I have dropped it on concrete more times than it cares to remember and it still works great . If I ever lost it , I would buy another one in a heartbeat .
 I actually own two of these mugs , and they are the only to-go mugs I use now at all.Pros : This mug is the perfect size , not so big that it does n't fit in the cupholder of my car but not so small that I ca n't fit a full cup of coffee with cream in it . To mimic the language of a popular chain coffee store , these mugs are `` grande with room for cream . `` It seals tight and never leaks.It looks great and comes in several colors.I 've had one of these mugs for two years , and it still seals well and is in great shape . The second mug is close to a year old now , and it is also still in great shape . Other reviewers have said the handles on the mugs they bought eventually worked loose and became wobbly . That has n't happened with either of the mugs I use.Cons : This mug keeps my coffee hot for about an hour , but not longer than that , even if I preheat it according to the directions . If you are someone who never has to leave your coffee sitting for more than an hour then this problem wo n't affect you at all.The assembly of the lid that is so fantastic for avoiding leaks or spills , also makes it difficult to really clean the lid . I always have the impression that there just might be some germs hanging out between the stopper on the lid and the actual lid itself . This fact is the only reason I ca n't give the mug five stars.And I 'll end with a bit of advice . This mug is not dishwasher safe . If you do wash it in the dishwasher it will start to leak .
 This is a great mug for the price ! It is stainless steel on both the outside and inside which is exactly what I was looking for . Most 18 oz mugs are a lot more expensive . More importantly it is stainless steel on the inside . Plastic coffee mugs may be a little bit cheaper but you 're paying more with your health with the cancer causing chemicals that leak out in the plastic mugs . We 're very happy with this product !
 I received the cheese grater about a week after ordering it , which was more than acceptable for a delivery time . So far , so good . A couple things I liked and a couple I did n't . Pros : * It 's stainless steel . By all accounts , it will last longer than a plastic unit . * It is super simple to get apart for cleaning , there is a little latch that hold the entire this together . * Works for right or left handed . Not a huge issue , but it 's nice.Cons : * It 's big - the overall unit is fairly large , at least compared to the ones you see in restaurants * The cheese compartment is n't very wide , but it 'll work . * The metal seems flimsy , though this is only the handle piece , which wo n't have a lot of strain on itOther thoughts : * I 'd buy this one again , as it seems better than most , though I 'll need to reevaluate it in a month or 2 . Update 12/19/10 - After a few uses I noticed that it does n't line up quite right . What this means is that the one side of the pusher touches the drum before the other side . This causes uneven rubbing of the drum - not a big deal , but it 's a bit annoying .
 This product took a while coming , but it is completely satisfactory . Heavier than most drum graters , it offers the possibility of a longer life .
 I got this for my son for Christmas and he loves it . He really likes the quality of this product .
 THIS IS AN ITEM I WAS ALWAYS LOOKING FOR . SOME OF MY RELATIVES SAID THEY MIGHT BUY ONE.ITS DIFFICULT WHEN YOU ARE IN THE MILITARY !
 It has worked very well . For its price this is a good instrument . I have also checked it against an electronic meter and it does very well .
 This item is easy to use . There is no use of batteries and does not have to be programed to function . It also shows the range that works well when setting temperature and humidity in the home .
 Great value , nothing fancy . But works very well . Seems to be accurate and measures both temp and humidity fairly accurately .
 I like this item and I had purchased five because I wanted one in each room to check the temperature and humidity . They all seemed to work fine and I can see the readings at just a glance
 I 've owned this product for 3 weeks and it has performed well -- so far . It is delicate so it wo n't take much abuse . It 's plastic construction means two long-term problems
 I ordered this because it tells how much humidity is in our house so that I can adjust the humidfier on my furnish . Works great I 'm glad I got two . Shipped and packed very well
 Good value humidity and temp measure device.Humidity measures 8 % too high but otherwise okay .
 I like this product . You can ' beat the price for the product . Good Value . I bought it to measure humidity so I would know when to use my humidifyer . It was rainy the other day and it showed 55 % . A couple of days later it was cold in the house and I could tell it was dry . Looked at the meter and it was 40 % . Turned my humidfyer on for a couple of hours and it is now reading 52 % . I want to keep the humidity around 50 % and this product helps me to do that . It will help me with my sinus problems .
 I bought one of these almost 20-years ago at a hardware store . I mounted it on the wall in my computer room and it still works great . Happy to see these are still made and am going to pick up a few more . Yes , it is a fragile item so do n't think you can drop it and it will keep working . However , if you take care of it -LRB- blow any dust out of it once a year with some Dust-Off -RRB- and keep things from hitting it and you may well own this for the rest of your life .
 Came quickly and was as advertised . Works like a charm . No problems or issues .
 Nice pillow , easy to fill without leaks or spillage , stays a nice temperature throughout the year so far and feels great to lay your head on . It 's not the cure for all your neck pains though and while significantly superior to your regular pillow there is still room for improvements like included pillow cases that fit a water filled pillow.If you get the 2-pack deal for under $ 65-70 you can consider this a 5 star rating .
 This pillow has helped me so much ! I have chronic migraines -LRB- been through the nerve blocks and botox and countless medications -RRB- and have received only partial relief . The first night I tried this pillow I immediately felt relief -LRB- I used the recommended medium volume fill to start with -RRB- . I woke up feeling rested ... I did n't even know I what that felt like it had been so long . I also slept through out the night without waking . But the best bonus was a feeling of relaxation of the muscles at the base of my skull , neck and shoulders . If you are contemplating purchasing this pillow ... DO IT !!! I have tried just about every pillow out there and this one lives up to what the manufacturer claims .
 The Mediflow Water-Based Pillow is the best pillow investment I have ever made . Both my husband and I had suffered from neck pain , undoubtedly from sleeping on expensive down pillows and other costly weird-shaped pillows that were supposed to be `` THE cure , '' but after making this purchase , NO more neck pain ... I mean , instantly ! Each of us adjusted our pillows to our comfort level by adding or decreasing water , marked them `` MOM '' and `` DAD , '' and have had a problem getting up ever since ... that 's how comfortable they are . We absolutely LOVE 'em !
 This pillow has been just great for the neck pain I was experiencing every morning . No more neck stiffness ! Since using the pillow , my husband 's snoring is almost nonexistent , his arms do n't fall asleep anymore in the middle of the night , and his neck pain is also now a non issue . Great pillow !
 My wife and I purchased these pillows for Christmas and we 're very happy we did , no more neck pain and a much better sleep for both of us.I highly recommend this product .
 I was going to buy the `` My Pillow ' but after reading the reviews , I decided on this one . I usually have neck pain when I wake up but with this pillow I do n't . Sometimes I 'm a little stiff but no pain . I also like that the pillow does n't get hot under my neck and head . I would have given it five stars but it is a little tricky when you are filling it and the cap needs to be put on tightly , otherwise it will leak . It comes with a plastic tool to twist the cap shut but you still have to use a little muscle too .
 I purchased these pillows for my husband and myself for our wedding anniversary . They were recommended by our chiropractor . He told me that it was the most comfortable pillow he had ever slept on . He sells them in his office but was out and recommended that I purchase them on Amazon.com if they were the same price or cheaper than he charged . He charges $ 45 each so the price for 2 was n't much more than he charges for one . I am very pleased with this pillow . I started with the medium amount of water and have added water a few times to attain the firmness that I like . The pillows arrived in perfect condition and I am extremely happy with them .
 Three years ago I began to see a chiropractor for my neck and back . Based on a recommendation from him , I bought one of these pillows . Words can not describe how great these pillows are ! Do n't get me wrong , the pillow wo n't cure all . I had to do a ton of core training and therapy to get to where I am , but I can honestly say that the pain I was so used to feeling each morning has subsided , and I am confident it is because this pillow helps me sleep in a way that does n't put any pressure on my spine . My husband got in the habit of stealing my pillow if I got up before him , so I 've purchased one for him too ! There is some maintenance to the pillow , but it 's nothing if you value your sleep!Love love love love LOVE it !!!!
 Great I love it ... I searched for a very long time before finding the perfect pillow ...
 The Mediflow water pillows are a terrific product . I suffered from shoulder pain until I bought these . It took the seller quite a while before they shipped them . I was kind of frustrated by this . I looked and it seems there are many of their shipments that took a long time . I would hope that the seller would realize that people do n't order these unless they are in pain or discomfort and I really felt the time it took to ship them was way beyond reasonable.Again the product was an excellent choice .
 I was hoping for a miracle cure for my neck . The pillows did n't perform any miracles , but , they are good pillows .
 I recommend these pillows for a comfortable nights sleep.They are heavy but do comform to your body .
 The best thing about these pillows is the adjustability of the contents . It 's like a sleep number bed for your head . You can add or release as much water as you want to get it just right . My husband and I both started out with the medium amount and it was great . But I added more to mine , and am even happier and more comfortable . It is a bit of a bother to go mess with the filling and emptying process , but worth it to me for the increased comfort.These pillows have helped me live almost pain free , after more than a year of shoulder pain prior to purchase . For that alone , they 're worth the price .
 I was heading for surgery on my neck and the pain was intense . In the pre-op packet from the surgeon was a section on best beds and pillows for your back and neck . This product was on the top of the list . I purchased two , one for me and one for my husband who has had neck problems for years . From the first night , it was amazing ! Even though I had a disc pressing on my spinal cord , I was able to lessen the pain and have the first nights sleep in months . After surgery , it has been awesome . It allows my neck to remain in a neutral position , and has really helped with the spasms in my shoulders and neck . My husband has had the same results . We also purchased the covers , and have had none of the issues that others have mentioned with the pillows being cold . We used about 40 oz of water and have n't needed to add any more . Totally worth the money paid !
 My husband and I both suffer from neck , spine and back pain and are under the care of a chiropractor . We were looking for a pillow that would help us get a better night 's sleep so of course I was researching various pillows here on amazon.com and reading the reviews . I then emailed our chiropractor a couple different pillow links and asked his opinion . His recommendation was the water pillow . We 've been sleeping on these for a few weeks now and just love them ! We both noticed a difference the very next morning . I tend to sleep with my shoulders ` scrunched ' up while I wrap my arms around a pillow and would wake up with numb hands and fingers but not with these ! I can wrap my arms around anyway I want and my shoulders are not ` scrunching ' up and I have not been awakened once with the numbing hands and fingers . My hubby used to sleep with 3 pillows to get comfortable and he has disgarded those extra pillows since he started sleeping on this water based pillow . We both wake up rested and without the various aches and pains we used to experience upon waking . We can go to bed with our backs or necks hurting and wake up feeling much better since we started using these pillows . We first filled them to medium but have since added some additional water to make them a bit more firm . Some reviewers have mentioned the ` sloshing ' sound of the water but we find that is only when getting comfortable with our pillow the way we want it . The sound of the water is actually soothing to us and once we 're asleep , if it does slosh as we move we sure do n't hear it because we are FINALLY getting a nice , restful night without all the aches and pains and no longer having to constantly try and find a comfortable position to sleep in ! We purchased the Mediflow Water Based Quilted Pillow Covers as well and I have written a review on them . I do recommend that if you buy these pillows you also buy the proper pillow covers.UPDATE 3/10/12
 I 've had this pillow for about a month now . Its soft , yet supportive . I had a hard time telling if the air bubbles were out . But its comfortable , so I guess it does n't matter . =-RRB- I would recomend it to anyone . I 'm a side sleeper and usually have to bunch up the corner of my pillows for support . But not with this one . I can actually lay in the middle of the pillow while on my side and sleep just fine . All in all I love it !!
 The pillows were delivered in a very timely manner . We followed the instructions for filling the pillows but had to remove some of the water to our comfort level.They have been working great the past two weeks we have had them . They are comfortable . I 'm not real sure they are worth the price but they have been doing a good job for both my wife and I . We both had stiff necks the first two or three nights we had them . Since the water adjustment they have been good . I do n't wake up with the headaches I used to wake up with . We both use CPAP machines and continue to struggle with the nose apparatus slipping when we turn over . But over all , I am mostly satisfied with the pillow purchase . Time will tell how well they hold up and how satisfied we are over a few months . But , for now we 're happy .
 I 've been using this pillow for a few weeks now and I really like it . It is very heavy at a little over 7 lbs , but I still took it on vacation and was glad I did . It supports my neck nicely and my headaches have definitely decreased . Great value !!
 My chiropracter recommended this pillow for me . I have several herniated discs in my neck and am a side and back sleeper . I could not get comfortable with other filled pillows and found myself tossing and turning all night . I would wake up with pain and stiffness in my neck and suffered from many headaches . The Mediflow pillows supports my neck and holds it in a comfortable position all night so I no longer wake up exhausted and hurting . This is my second mediflow pillow as I wore out the first after several years . I will never go back to sleeping on a `` regular '' pillow again !
 This pillow is excellent !! It has improved the quality of my sleep and greatly reduced the `` tossing and turning '' throughout the night.It can take a few tries to get the right amount of water to achieve the maximum comfort -LRB- stiffness -RRB- level but its worth the trouble.I bought two at first - one for my wife and one for myself and we bothloved this pillow . My son took a nap on my wife 's pillow and she had to surrender hers so we ended up getting two more !! Also , the pillow gets heavy after filling it with water which is another reason why we like this pillow for our son - he is 2 yrs old and he ca n't lift it or move it around at night - he sleeps all night .
 Love this pillow . My neck pain is gone and I do n't wake up with headaches anymore . It took a few nights to get the water level right , but now I sleep better than I have in years .
 I bought two pillows for my wife and I . We used them for a week , and then I bought three more for family Christmas gifts . I suggest using warm water and a little bleach in a clean milk jug . Lay the pillow on a hard surface , like a table , and with the fill tube inserted , fill with the water solution . After filling , carefully push down on the sides and move your hands towards the fill hole , until all of the air is gone . Remove the fill tube , while watching the water level , keeping it just below the pillow 's surface and install the cap . This will prevent air pockets and water sloshing , while you lay your head on it . It may take two or three tries to get the right feel you 're looking for , but it 's well worth it . The best part of these pillows is that they stay basically in one spot all night because of the water weight , and there is no fluffing involved . By far , the best pillows I 've ever owned .
 In the past year , I realized that I was having back and neck pain due to my pillow . I 'm in my late 20 's , and have never had this problem before . I 've gone thru a lot of pillows recently . I started out trying traditional pillows from target for side sleepers/back sleepers and just getting a new one every 2 months or so when it got too squished down for me.The last one I tried was the Homedics HMP-TRCL Temp-Rite 4 Lb . Density Classic Pillow , and I was really hoping it was `` the one '' -- I 'm starting to feel like the goldilocks of pillows . It was n't and my neck pain upon waking got worse . It was a great pillow until it squished down with body warmth and left you with no neck support . So . . on to the next ! I saw this water pillow as the # 1 of the top ` popular ' pillows recommended in an online news story . I was willing to give away my first born -LRB- ok , so I do n't plan on having any kids , but I figured I could promise it despite that , right ? -RRB- for a good nights sleep , so I ordered the mediflow water pillow.When it arrived -- I was like ` huh , this seems like a normal cheap pillow ' with just the puffy fill , no feathers or anything . Then I started putting water in . The bottom of the pillow is the water pouch , where the entire top is the actual pillow . All in all , I was n't overly impressed , but like I said before , I 'll try anything . And yes , this sucker is heavy.Usually my first night with a new pillow is extremely uncomfortable , with this one , I actually slept thru the night . I did need to adjust the water a little , I had filled it to the brim , and took out just a cup or two . I think I 'm in the firm category that they mention on the instructions . I also added the McKenzie Cervical Roll Neck Support which I found here on Amazon . It adds to the firm neck support , which is just what I needed . Together , it 's the perfect match for me.Now for the MAGIC
 I 've tried many different pillows and never could find one that was comfortable no matter how i slept -LRB- on my side or on my back -RRB- . This pillow solves that issue.I 've had problems with neck pain and i 've notice a decrease in pain since using this pillow . Yes , it is heavy with the water inside but it also tends to not move around on the bed though either when you are sleeping . I roll alot and sleep both on my side and back . The pillow stays in the same place , provides equall , comfortable support no matter how my head is on it . It naturally adjusts to the pressure you put on it . And if the water is on the cool side when you put your head on it , it does warm up fairly quickly and retains the heat that radiates from your head , there by keeping you a little warmer at night . I have very short hair so in winter , it definitely helps keeping my head warm and comfortable.Compared to other pillows out there , i 'm sticking with this one from now on .
 As we all know , shopping for a new pillow is extremely difficult and frustrating . My husband and I have purchased new pillows several times only to find that we absolutely hate them after trying to sleep with them.The great thing about the water pillow is that you can adjust the firmness by adjusting the amount of water you add . I LOVE my Mediflow pillow and have used it for several years . This is the best pillow I have ever owned !
 I purchased the Mediflow Water Based Pillows -LRB- 2-pack -RRB- as a Christmas gift for my sister and brother-in-law and they love them so much I am going to purchase some for myself . They say these are the best pillows they 've ever had and find the ability to adjust the water pillow to their own preferences especially great . Ordering from HPMS via Amazon was easy and the shipment arrived right on schedule .
 I had purchased one of these pillows from my chiropractor . He really made me pay up for his . I paid almost 3 times the price I paid from Amazon . But I guess someone has to support him.About the Pillow -- it is very comfortable . I 'm not sure how the water in the base really helps , but the ability to adjust the height with water is nice . I used to like the adjustablility of down/feather pillows , but they had to be `` fluffed '' constantly . This pillow gets crushed from my head on one side , but each night I just flip it around so that it feels fresh again .
 I bought this for my fiancee because he suffers from severe migraines . We knew that when we bought new pillows , it would help relieve his migraines , so I looked for a pillow designed for migraine relief . I came across this pillow and figured I would give it a try . He loves it ! He gets better nights sleep and he rarely gets migraines now . I highly recommend this pillow !
 I bought 2 of these pillows , one for my husband and me . For me , it took about 1 month to get the water level adjusted correctly . I slowly added more and more water until it was at a comfortable thickness . Now I love this pillow ! As far as my husband goes ... . He filled the pillow up with more water than the max recommendation guide says . Then he added even more water . The point is , the pillow is not thick enough for him . He is only 6 ' 2 '' and average shoulder width/build but his head is still angled down towards the back of the bed with this pillow . We did n't want to risk bursting the reservoir by adding more water . So now I am storing his pillow as a back up in case mine goes out . If you are a bigger than average person , these pillows might not work for you .
 I love this pillow . I have had one for the last 8 years . This is the replacement . The second pillow was a gift.My only issue is that I am now recieving spam emails about back and neck injuries , surgical law suits and health news . Since I have never received these types of emails before I can only assume that this vendor has provided my email address to someone . This is not appreciated .
 My boyfriend has serious back and neck issues after having surgery several years ago , and he is always incredibly uncomfortable at night and has a difficult time falling asleep . After tons of research , I found these pillows to have the best reviews by a long shot . And trust me , if you have a partner - get the two pack , otherwise you are going to be jealous and buy one soon after!Yes , it 's a pain filling it up , but it 's worth it . Just keep adjusting it until you get it exactly how you like it . It may take a few days to get it just right . They are also heavy ! You could probably use one as a weapon if someone broke in . My boyfriend 's pillow weighs about eight pounds . Also , I see that a lot of complaints are about the water sloshing . You HAVE to follow the instructions to prevent the sloshing . Also , I highly recommend theMediflow Quilted Pillow Covers . It is very comfortable and will definitely reduce any sloshing , but there should n't really be any if you fill it correctly . PLUS , the good side is that the pillow is heavy and does n't move much , so sloshing is minimum . If that 's why you gave it 1 or 2 stars , you did n't fill follow the instructions right . Ask someone else to do it for you -LRB- hey , I was n't so good at it either . Needed the boyfriend 's help -RRB- . Not to mention , it feels so good that you 'll probably fall asleep instantly anyway.My boyfriend noticed effects immediately . He wakes up much less during the night and his neck feels much better in the morning . These are basically luxurious water pillows , and I would definitely recommend them to anyone , especially if you are suffering from neck issues ! Do n't damage your neck any longer by using a shoddy pillow , when you can buy two of these for a great price .
 The only flaw is that it is HEAVY and cold on the bottom . Otherwise , I seem to be sleeping pretty well with it . No leaking problems as others stated .
 I 've been searching for a pillow that will NEVER technically go flat and this is the one.I bought my parents a couple of these as Christmas gifts this year as my dad tried mine out when I was back home one weekend and LOVED IT . He 's had shoulder surgery on both shoulders -LRB- at different times -RRB- and raved about how much more comfort and support this pillow gave him.I lost or misplaced the nozzle thingie and ca n't seem to find where to buy just that part . If anyone knows please direct me . I checked the Mediflow site and did n't see where I could just purchase the nozzle only . : /
 The most comfortable pillow I have ever owned . Very easy to fill to the preferred comfort level . My husband makes his pillow firm , while I like it softer .
 ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE PILLOWS ! We have not had a neck ache since we started using these pillows . Once the water is adjusted exactly like you like it , you sleep soundly every night .
 My wife saw these pillows in her Chiropractor 's office and we decided to try them out . We felt the difference immediately ! I have never had a pillow that provides this much support . Also you adjust the firmness of the pillow to fit what you like . There is nothing quite like this !
 After purchasing one of these from my chiropractor , found these on Amazon much less expensive to ship to friends as Christmas gift . They report , love the water pillows !
 If you have ever had any type of problem sleeping because of your flat , or puffy , or worn pillow , this water pillow is the best thing since the remote control . The neck pain has disappeared !! I have had disc removal in my neck and have not been able to find a comfortable pillow for a good nights sleep . Well now I have !! You must try the Medi-Flow water based pillow to really see and feel what a good nights sleep is like . My wife and I both use them and we have bought numerous pillows for gifts to relatives and friends.NO REGIFTNG THESE PILLOWS !!!
 Yes , we both like the pillows and I seem to have a sounder sleep -LRB- I do not know why -RRB- . We have tried many pillows over the years and these seem to be the best . Peace , Ed
 Although I have n't fine tuned the amount of water to put in I really like this pillow . Good thing since I also bought 3 as gifts .
 This is the best pillow i have ever had . It adjusts to whatever position I toss and turn to . I highly recommend this pillow .
 I first bought this pillow when I saw it displayed at my Doctors office . It was for my husband who complained about neck pain and headaches when he would wake up after sleeping . He absolutely loves it . So I bought one for myself and my sister . I do n't think we will go back to a regular pillow again . Only complaint is its heavy !! But there is no way around that .
 I have a really hard time with pillows -LRB- they are either to big or two small -RRB- and this pillow really allows my to adjust to where I can have it just where I need it . Thanks !
 My wife and I ordered these water pillows . I have suffered for years with neck pain , my wife had bad headaches . It took us a few nights to get the right amount of water in them . Once we found the correct water amount , we both really liked them . Myself being a feather pillow person , it took me a little longer to get used to not having the feathers . Now , I do n't wake to neck pain as often and my wife has fewer headaches . The only reason I ca n't give 5 stars is because they are SO heavy !! Very hard to travel with , hard to move around much . All in all , we are very satisfied with our pillows . I just keep an extra pillow on hand for traveling . I guess you could empty the water for travel and then fill it once you arrive at your destination . I could n't be bothered with that hassle . My wife also noticed her tmj has n't flared up since using these , although we do n't know if that is from the pillow or not . Give them a try , they are worth the money .
 Love these pillows , Make such a Huge difference in the way I feel Every Single Morning ... Thank You SO Much ! Will Order Again !
 After sleeping on the Mediflow water pillow for only a week , I have decided that I would give a review . The reason I purchased this pillow was because of severe neck pain . I had X-rays taken of my neck and nothing was amiss , so I decided to buy two water pillows for my husband and myself . After the first night of using this pillow my neck pain went from a 10 down to a 6 in pain level . The second morning my neck pain had gone down to a 2 in pain level . After using this water pillow for a week , my neck is pain-free . I added 2.5 quarts of water to mine , my husband added 3 qts of water to his pillow . He loves it too but was very apprehensive at first about trading out his beloved old pillow for this new water pillow - he wo n't sleep without his water pillow now . I recommend these water pillows for anyone .
 This thing is sooooo soft and supports the neck so well . I am sleeping like a baby ! Get it if you have problems sleeping ! I used cold water and my pillow is now cool and comfy ! Excellent product !
 great great great and even greater . it really helps my back and neck ok oko ok okok ok ok ok
 One I received works great , I still use it . The other one I bought for my husband to use leaked all over the bed . I packaged it up , submitted the return information and received a receipt to return it to PROTHERAPY SUPPLIES on 11/28/12 . I received a full refund from Protherapy Supplies . Would use this seller again.I would order this pillow again . It is amazing ! I was a little skeptical at first when I received it . I have tried many different pillows and require a lot of neck support and this , at first , just felt like a floofy pillow on top of a bunch of water . Very floofy . But , I decided the neck stiffness I was experiencing with my other memory foam pillow was not worth it . I had to try something ! I had to adjust the amount of water in it the first few nights as other reviewers have stated.When I finally got it to a comfortable amount , I decided to try sleeping on it a week even though I could n't tell any real difference in neck support from laying on this pillow . After 2 nights , my neck pain and stiffness were gone . I sleep better than I have ever slept . I no longer require herbal remedies to help me sleep and sleep all through the night . I do n't know what it is about this pillow that helps my neck so much , but it did work for me!Good luck on your search for the perfect pillow . I think I 've found mine . Thanks Protherapy Supplies and Amazon !!!!
 It 's been over a year and I am still using it . I 've had to add and remove water only two times the last year . A few times I thought maybe I was n't getting good neck support and went back to a regular type pillow , but then realized that the Mediflow really works and no other pillow is comfortable anymore . I would recommend it .
 It 's a cup that holds a beer and 3 qtrs , great for game day so you do n't have to get off the couch that much for refills
 These are absolutely GORGEOUS ! THe color does not fade after washing , they are holding their shape beautifully , and they are so much prettier than plain old white/patterned dishtowels . I love them and would recommend them to anyone with a more modern/contemporary kitchen .
 WOW !! was my reaction when I tried these for the first time . . If you 're looking for a premium coffee pod to use in your Senseo coffee machine this is the one to get . These pods work perfectly in the Senseo and they produce a very rich & smooth cup of Kona coffee with almost no acidity ... If you want the best this is it !!
 These kona pods are the highest quality pods that I have found yet . I love kona coffee so I was extremely pleased to find these pods . They certainly cost a little more than other cheap pods but it 's worth it especially when you consider what you pay for a cup of coffee at retail . Now I have the best coffee in the world at home for less ...
 It 's simple . Your coffee maker should cost more than the coffee that goes in it . The Bunn coffee maker coupled with the Kona pod is heaven . Read the reviews , pry open the wallets and get a maker that is worthy of such great pods ! Otherwise , go ahead a stay with Folgers pods . A real coffee maker will make you a coffee snob too !
 After reading many of the reviews I think I have figured out the problem . You guys have the wrong POD brewer . I have a BUNN and tried various different pods with it . The Aloha Island pods are the best of the lot . I have been in search of a good cup of coffee for years . The answer is a BUNN and the Aloha dark roast Pods . I bought two el-cheapo pod brewers including black and decker and senseo . I could n't get a good cup of coffee even with the Aloha pods . Once I ditched the cheap pod brewer and spent the $ 200.00 on the BUNN , all my troubles were over . You guys will never be happy until you get a good pod brewer .
 After reading the reviews , I was hesitant . However , I 've gotten a perfect cup every time so far with my Senseo.The coffee is very good , but it has fallen a little short of my expectations . I 've previously brought Kona back from my Hawaiian vacations and ground it myself . The pod coffee is not quite as good as fresh ground.UPDATE
 This coffee is great ! The Senseo machine can be difficult to use as far as getting pods into it correctly . I am not sure what has happened to the people reporting `` steam locks '' but I have had issues when : - the pod is not inserted properly - the pod holder is not seated correctly within the machine - the pod is not prepared for insertion properlyMy issues were varied , but basically consisted of hot water coming out of the sides of the coffee maker and no coffee would be brewed , and the pod would have to be discarded . This happened to me with Senseo pods , and probably would have happened with the Aloha Island pods except that I learned how to deal with the machine.Also in some of these cases the lid to the coffee maker would be stuck , -LRB- possibly the dreaded `` steam lock '' -RRB- , but I was always able to open the machine after a minute or so of wiggling the lock/release handle on the machine , which I would think most people would do automatically when the machine does n't open.By properly preparing the pod for insertion I am able to use single pods for the Melitta One in my Senseo as well as the Aloha Island pods and of course the Senseo pods . If you do n't put it in just right , you will have problems . The key is to spread the coffee equally around within the Pod before inserting it into the machine . Do this by wiggling the pod around a bit -LRB- take about 5 seconds -RRB- . The helpful instructions with the Aloha Island pods say to `` break up the coffee '' within the pod before using , which has the same effect . It took me five months to figure this out while using the Senseo pods , especially when brewing two cups . I wish Senseo would have included a little note like Aloha Island did.During shipping the coffee can settle or collect within the pod , either on a side -LRB- s -RRB- or even in the middle . This changes the thickness of the pod , ever so slightly , and the machines tolerance for different thickness pods appears to be extremely low!So smooth out your pods and enjoy , I think that any problems you have with pods are really problems with the design of the machine , not the pods themselves .
 As a bachelor who frequently must grab a cup of joe at home and run , i was reluctant to waste coffee in my Braun drip machine , and disinclined to clean up after the French Press method . A New York Times article convinced me that a Pod system would be the way to go , and i found the Philips Senseo machine to be the best at the consumer level . Alas , the Douwe Egberts pods that come with are , um , IMHO , not good.A brief web search led me to Aloha Island 's Senseo-style pods , and i ordered a box of their single serving espresso pods . The package arrived swiftly , and the box of pods was swaddled in styro-peanuts
 Fabulous marriage of convenience and quality . Rich , full flavor from the touch of a button ! A dream come true .
 I bought a Senseo machine for the convenience of making one cup at a time but was underwhelmed by the coffee choices available.That is until I found the Kona coffee pods from Aloha Island.These are all I use now . They cost a little more but worth every penny if you want a very smooth , rich cup of pure Kona coffee these are the ones to buy .
 Yes the coffee is the best quality , pesticide free . There are technical issues with the pods . 1 pod was broken when I opened up the pouch it was stored in . For any pods to arrive broken when they are so expensive is just not acceptable . Also , many times the pod is not working , but turning it around and pressing down on it with a fork or a spoon makes it work -LRB- I have Black & Decker Home Cafe Machine -RRB- . Great coffee , but I felt that I had to really work for it . I also feel that to charage $ 15 to ship a box of coffee pods is a bit excessive , considering that they are being shiped from LA not HI .
 If you are looking for pods for your espresso machine , give these a try . I have a Francis X1 and have tried them all . These are the best . Also , the people in customer service are super nice - guess it is not a surprise they live in Hawaii .
 This throw is just what I 've been looking for . I 'm a student at UC Davis and this style reminds me of home and gives me comfort since I 'm away from my family . It 's warm , sturdy and is a Mexcellent piece of culture on my wall when I hang it up . And the fact that it 's made in Mexico is also satisfying . I do recommend this , it 's worth the price , which itself was reasonable .
 This blanket was made with quality in mind . The length is perfect and it is a very warm blanket . I will recommend it to everyone . : -RRB-
 I got these for our vacation cottage , but it 's complete enough and good enough quality that I 'd love to have them at home too . I really like the red dot that tells you when the pan is adequately preheated . Cooking with gas is new to me and the red dot helps with that.The sizes are good , but I did add a jumbo 5 quart pan for cooking chili and stovetop meals.The lids are great as the glass lets you see what 's going on with the food as it cooks . They have deep edges so you ca n't accidentally knock them off . Especially helpful is the small and large holes in the lid edges to let out some steam or drain off water . The pots have a pour spout too.I wish the pans had lids also , but I bought one of those univeral lids that will work with several pan sizes.The whole set works well , having the non-stick finish that I wanted and having a good heft when you pick them up . These are n't likely to warp . They look good too with their blue exterior .
 I really love these pans ! I received mine for a wedding gift 14 years ago and unfortunately , just tossed the last one . They 're not made to last forever , but they cook so very well , very evenly , and I even have the high-end `` chef '' named pans and they do n't even compare to these ! The only hint I can pass on regarding these pans is do n't ever put them in the dishwasher . Even though they say you can , it only makes the teflon come off sooner and you 'll have to toss them like I did . I about cried when I finally had to toss the dutch oven . Used that thing for EVERYTHING ! I 've been lost without it and I 'm on here now looking for it 's replacement . Plus , my other family members have this set and are still using it after 17 years ! But , they did n't put theirs in the dishwasher ever , which is why they still have theirs . Highly , highly , highly recommend !
 This is a very nice little piece for those with good taste . I 'm a 47 year old mechanical engineer and am anything but `` feminine , '' but I really appreciate the class and quality this little owl exudes.I highly recommend this product . Be sure to place it near a light source so that it dazzles as intended .
 I am an eclectic collector -LRB- mainly folk art -RRB- and am particularly fond of owls ; collecting Swarovski was not my goal in purchasing this but rather to have a variety of owls of different types . All I can say is that this is without question the loveliest owl in my collection . It shines brilliantly , even in dim light , and has a very appealing minimalist , modern - rather than cutesy -- design . I love it ! I went on to collect other Swarovski pieces , and they are all striking . The owl in the clear crystal is my favorite . Its green eyes are subtle . Lovely and tiny piece . The picture does n't do it justice . Other lovely pieces are the tiny clear pair of baby turtles . And the flowers display quite well .
 Ater hearing me complain about previous travel mugs that I used every morning , my husband did some research and bought this one for me . It is fantastic ! Never leaks , keeps beverage warm for at least 4 hours , well balanced so it sits in the cup holder well , and very easy to handle . No more dribble cup like some travel mugs . It is an easy , controlled flow every time . Ca n't say enough !
 It is an OK mug but the top spill lock is a little difficult to get used to . It is also difficult to clean the lid completely after use .
 Bought 3 of these mugs in different colors for 3 middle and high schoolers . They fill them with cocoa or coffee for a warm addition to a cold ride to school on winter mornings ! Mugs keep beverage way warm enough and are good to look at . If they last with a high schooler , then they 'll get 5 stars !
 Works great and keeps anything hot for hours ! This travel mug is most definitely leak proof . I have turned it over several times and NOTHING comes out . The only con I have is that the drink , for me it is coffee , comes out slow . The lid is nice in that you can drink from anywhere around it . It is very easily cleaned as compared with other travel mugs since you can not throw it in the dishwasher . I adjusted the lid so that the coffee comes out quicker as there is a screw on the bottom of the lid to make this adjustment . Just be careful as to how much you loosen it otherwise the liquid will then spill out .
 I have owned this cup for over a year and it has NEVER leaked when the lid is screwed on correctly . Which is great since I have no cup holders in my car , I can close the lid and toss it in the passenger seat and not worry about any dribbles . Only draw back is that it does not keep beverages hot as long as I would like , but since most of the time I use it for Iced tea that 's not a huge problem for me , it does keep things cold for quite a while .
 This mug in general is nice . Keeps liquids hot . Fits in cup holder in car without a problem . The top screws on . To drink , the dial on the top needs to be turned . This can be a pain . It is fairly leak-proof . For the price , it is a decent travel mug .
 I 've tried my entire life to find a travel mug that does n't dribble coffee all over my chin or lap . The alternative has always been one that works initially , then suddenly stopped working after about a month . This one really does what it claims -- at least for now -LRB- I got it for Christmas -RRB- . It has n't been that long , I admit , but I 'm impressed with the weight , looks , and function it provides . One pain is that it 's not dishwasher safe , but I 'm willing to handwash it if that 's what it takes to keep it in good working order . For what it 's worth , it also comes with a lifetime guarantee . I 'm very pleased for now but will update my rating if it starts leaking .
 I drive to work 35 minutes everyday and wanted a travel mug that would actually close and not spill . This travel mug is great ! I liked it so much I bought two .
 This is a wonderful , spill-proof mug that can be opened or closed . It also keeps my coffee nice and hot . I love it !
 This is a great mug for the price ! It is stainless steel on both the outside and inside which is exactly what I was looking for . Most 18 oz mugs are a lot more expensive . More importantly it is stainless steel on the inside . Plastic coffee mugs may be a little bit cheaper but you 're paying more with your health with the cancer causing chemicals that leak out in the plastic mugs . We 're very happy with this product !
 I love this coffee mug ! This is the only mug that I have found that truly does not spill .
 This is an amazing product . It will not spill , if locked . I have two children , which makes it necessary to have an insulated cup so that I can both have a hot cup of tea and can make sure it does n't spill all over the car , or my kids , or me , or the sand at the park ... . One thing I would look out for though , is the bottom . For some reason , it begins to leak after a while . I have found it 's only a problem when you put the hot liquid in . So , I put a napkin under and let it finish gurgling from the bottom , and it 's fine . However , if say , your husband , who is in charge of dishes that night and does n't feel like handwashing this mug decides to put it in the dishwasher , watch out the next day . The amount of liquid that comes out of the bottom when you pour your drink in to the cup , is truly amazing - easily a half cup of water comes out of the bottom ! So , do n't even think about putting it in the dishwasher . Otherwise , it 's a great product .
 I have had the more well-known travel mugs , and thought that they were the best . Well , I was wrong . This travel mug is by far the best out there . It is truly leak-proof . My friends get tired of me turning it upside down -LRB- I guess I 'm easily amused hehe -RRB- , but I really do like a mug that wo n't spill if tipped over . When turned to the drink side , the liquid flows at about the right rate , not too fast , not too slow . Anyway , I ca n't say enough about this mug , and the price also beats the competition . I am not sure about the red color . I have the blue and the black , and I prefer the black out of the three choices .
 I Love the red color . It keeps drinks hot and does n't leak . I just need it in more colors now !
 Nicely made towels , the only disappointment is that the solid bright orange fades a bit after a first washing with standard Tide detergent . I 'd still buy another set , though .
 I really like this table and chairs set , however I find it a bit to large for my tiny 14 month old daughter . It is wonderful though and will be a great place for her to do crafts and such when she is a bit bigger . Lipper does have a few that are smaller in scale and size if you are looking for something smaller .
 I found these 18 inch tall speaker stands -LRB- sold as a pair -RRB- perfect for my Monitor Audio bookshelf speakers . They are very well made , with a semi-gloss black finish , and good hardware . Even though I 'm using them on carpet , the base is large enough that I just used the plastic feet instead of the spikes.Sanus provides spikes for the top plate upon which you can place the speaker , but I used the supplied rubber triangles instead -- they wo n't mar the speaker and keep it from sliding around . Sanus also supplies parts to hide the speaker cable , but that 's optional , and I did n't use them.The stands made a significant improvement in the sound of my speakers . You can find these heavily discounted , so shop around . Highly recommended .
 A good , solid stand for small speakers such as the ones used here ; assembly was not difficult , and all aspects of customer service were very good . .
 We were in the process of turning our basement &#34; romper room &#34; full of toys into a proper rec room , including new TV and sound system . I needed some functional speaker stands for the front satellites . Although we have a nice sound system , I do n't think it quite qualifies as audiophile , so I was not seeking any obscure , exotic features on that front . Also , it 's a nice room now , but we do n't need speaker stands that are made of fine materials or otherwise qualify as &#34; high art &#34; . Just looking for some solid , presentable speaker stands.So , after assembly and set-up , I think these Sanus NF18B stands meet my requirements perfectly . As usual , the shipping container had some bumps in it , but the contents were intact . Assembly was quick and very straightforward . After reading other reviews , where pieces got cracked , I was careful not to over-tighten the screws , and encountered no problems . You get a choice of rubber feet for floors or pins for carpet on the base , and similar options for the top of the shelf . These stands come with some slots down the back of the pedestal , where you bend and insert some flat plastic slats , to create a rear-facing curved hollow shaft for routing your wires . Just make sure to look for them , because it could be easy to toss the plastic slats with the packaging . After assembly , the stands are reasonably solid . I would n't stand on them or anything , but they are more than adequate for their intended purpose , which is to hold up stationary speakers.So in summary , although I was a little concerned after reading some negative reviews , I am perfectly satisfied with these speaker stands , both for appearance and function . Also , I observed reasonable care in assembly , and did n't have any problems with that . I recommend these guys for anyone looking for solid , functional , presentable speaker stands .
 Product arrived on time . The speaker stands are just the right hight . They came with an assortment of fittings for the base so the could be mounted on different surfaces .
 Needed some short stands for Front speakers in HT setup . These are easy to assemble and look and feel solid . Some have mentioned the cord cover on the back as being cheap or cheesy . I think it 's fine . If you do n't want to use it you do n't have to . Mine hold 3-way Infinity speakers . I got the 18 inch ones . For the price and easy I certainly could n't do better . And that 's coming from the guy who loves to DIY everything I can .
 I read several reviews of what appeared to be the shorter version of this stand and they seemed to conclude that it sacrificed quality for price . In contrast , these 18 '' stands are surprisingly well-made for the modest price . No , the uprights are not hollow to allow you to load them with vibration-deadening sand -LRB- or lead shot ! -RRB- , like the other pricier stands I own , but they appear to be solid wood , as are the bases and top pieces . Everything is nicely finished in matte black , with smooth , rounded edges . A nice touch
 I changed my stubborn mind about surround sound and needed a pair of stands to elevate my L/R rear speakers . These fit my need very nicely . The right height to clear some furniture , wide enough base to prevent tipping , strong enough for their weight . No tiny rears for me . The stand 's finish was satisfactory and speaker wires can be hidden somewhat too .
 This pair of speaker stands was exactly what I was looking for . Thanks to previous reviewers for helping me make my decision ; that is what I LOVE about Amazon . The base is nice and sturdy , as is the vertical column that runs between the base and the speaker platform.Upon opening the box , I was concerned that the speaker platform might be too small for my speakers , which are 9 `` x9-1 / 2 '' -LRB- the speaker platform measured 7-1/2 `` x7-1 / 2 '' -RRB- . This turned out not to be a problem because of the sturdiness of not only the base , but , once assembled , the entire stand.Assembly tip
 I purchased this pair of speaker stands through Amazon and received it a few days later from Crutchfield . I got them for the Sony SS-B3000 speakers , which you can get at : Sony SS-B3000 Bookshelf Speakers with 8 '' Woofer -LRB- Pair -RRB- Each speaker sits on top of four brass `` spikes '' that fit into small holes on the top piece of each stand . I find these stands help reduce the `` boominess '' of the sound . The wood is nicely finished MDF , thoroughly black in color .
 These are very high quality sheets and such an incredible bargain ! We are extremely satisfied .
 After several months of use , I 'm very happy with this product . It is a big step up from a standard sandwich maker . The sandwich plates are nice and deep , so you pack in a nice sized pie without the innards leaking everwhere . The sandwich plates and waffle plates both cook very evenly.Removable plates make cleaning a snap . As with most teflon products , they should n't be put in the dishwasher.Be warned , however , that the waffle and pizzelle plates have `` BAM ! '' written across them in huge letters . Could Emeril 's ego get any bigger ? I ca n't stand the guy , so I found this very annoying.Functionally , this really is a 5-star product , but I 'm knocking off a star for Emeril 's stupid ego .
 I just got my Emerilware yesterday and have already used it to make pocket sandwiches and waffles . My nine year old daughter loves the BAM written across her waffles . The waffles turned out perfectly - no sticking at all and nice , easy clean up . I had problems with the sandwiches , though . I must have overstuffed them because the cheese overflowed all over and make a real mess . The top does not separate from the bottom so it was very difficult to clean the melted cheese from between the two plates . I figure it 's going to take me a few more messy sandwiches before I learn how to stuff them properly . I have n't had a chance to make pizzelles yet , but I 'm looking forward to it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have had my Emeril Waffle/Sandwich/Pizzelle Maker for over a year , and unlike other appliances which sit on a shelf unused for months , I really get good use out of this . Waffles for breakfast , pocket sandwiches for lunch and delicious pizzelles for dessert . I have n't had any problems with this product , and clean up is easy . It 's BAM-tastic !
 I have never owned/bought a fabric poster before , but these are pretty neat . My boyfriend is obsessed with Opeth so I bought this as a gift for him . It looks good on his bedroom wall . I know it says how big it is but I did n't picture it being so large . Definitely recommend if this is one of your favorite bands and you have the wall space .
 It is what it is.What is it?It 's an Opeth tapestry.That 's exactly what it is.Looks good on the wall , gon na look good waving in the wind that will be generated by Opeth live in Hollywood very soon.Opeth are de best!Show your support for these epic metal geniuses.Just go for the regular shipping , the ` expedited ' shipping turned out to be $ 27.00 , and still took 4 days .
 I had this hanging up in various rooms over the years , always making sure to bring it with me whenever I moved . The fabric poster is amazing compared to paper ones . It does n't reflect light so no catching of annoying glares when you try and look at it or when walking by . The color recreation is lovely and it has never showed any signs of fading with periodic sunlight hitting it . Plus , the kickass album art and design looks great blown up on your wall .
 The set is Great for the price and is in good quality .
 I liked the sheets , they were very nice . However , the pillow cases were too small for queen size pillows . They were n't long enough to cover the end of the pillows .
 Beautiful Sateen sheet set . Price was great and quality is above average . Will definitely purchase from this merchant for all my bedding needs . Great seller !!!
 These sheets are really worth the money you pay for . They are soft and have enough sheen not to be called too guardy but do wrinkle a little . Havent washed them yet so can not comment on afterwash .
 I went through numerous `` universal '' stands , none of which fit the JBL satellites -LRB- SCS300 -RRB- since they are oddly shaped speakers . The main mounting hole in the middle of the pole fits the odd pole mount that comes with the JBL speakers . Just screw the pole on the base and scre the speaker onto the pole . Piece of cake.Nice looking stands and sturdy.I have an old pair of Sanus stands that also had the appropriate hole so I 'd assume any sanus stand should fit the JBLs but ca n't confirm .
 Pretty good for the money , but I do n't use them any longer . Decided to go for a more unobtrusive look and switched to a Bose system with micro-speakers , which does n't take over the room .
 I ca n't say enough about the recent purchase of the Sanus EF Sat Euro speaker stands . These completes my home theater system , as I wanted a low profile set of speaker stands to support my Newton SC 300 multi-pole speakers . I did not want to go through the hassle of running wires through the wall etc. . This product delivered ... The item was selected , purchased , and delivered without incident .
 I do n't know why speaker stands have to be such a pricey component for a sound system , but , be that as it may ; these are some pretty good stands.Although pricey , they still cost less than half of what you 'd pay retail in an electronics store . They are high quality and attractive looking , and since they were available in silver ; they matched the color of my speakers.Assembly was quick and easy , and there were various size/style brackets included to accommodate various speakers .
 These speaker stands offer good looks , solid construction , many mounting plate options to secure the speakers and a nice wire pathway that hides the speaker cable . Overall a tremendous amount of features for the dollars spent . If you have small or medium sized speakers these stands will look good and make the speakers sound better suspended in air .
 I 'm very pleased . Although the manual did not explicitly specify a mount for my type of speakers -LRB- the satellite speakers included with the Yamaha YHT-370 HTIB -RRB- they mounted nicely with the included `` Platform J '' -LRB- 23/4 `` x3 1/4 '' -RRB- and the dual-sided adhesive pads . The speakers weigh about 23/4 lbs . each and seem to be solidly mounted . I like the look . I do n't think you can go wrong for the price .
 This bath caddy was twice the price at a well known Kitchen and Bath shop , same quality , same everything just half the price ,
 When i received my amazon package I was so excited to open and find my bath tube caddy inside . great price and great quality .
 It 's perfect , adjustable , not too bulky , does its job . The shower loofa fell apart kinda fast but thats not a big deal , i still recommend it !
 This was given as a gift for my ` better half ' for Christmas . He is a soaker and loves to read his tablet while relaxing in the tub . Used to worry about it slipping out if his hands while in the tub , but how , it is securely placed on the rack and is angled for easy reading . Also a place for his drink off to the side .
 product arrive as per picture . great product . just what i was looking for . i would reccommend this for anyone looking for a great gift
 This was much cheaper than most I priced and worked really well for my bathroom . sides extend to fit almost any tub .
 very nice bath caddy i love it was what i was expecting its roomy and easy to put togetherit would be a great gift for the bath tub soker in your life
 I read in the bathtub and I had been dropping my books in the tub . Finally I found the perfect solution at a price I can afford . It is perfect !!!!
 Aside from the broken little pumice foot stone , this hard to find item in Canada is perfect for people who like to soak in the tub . It holds all of your accessories , is adjustable and nice and wide - just deep enough . Love it . Have chosen not to use the book rest so can not comment
 My wife has already used it a bunch of times . The trick is to give some chocolate bath stuff and a magazine subscription .
 Bought this for my sister for Christmas 2009 ... she loves it . It is strong and sturdy . Nice Product .
 It makes it so much easier to enjoy a good book while in the bath .
 I have n't tried it out yet but it is just what I was looking for .
 This product worked as listed . The caddy seems to actually be larger than listed . Works great for books , but not magazines . Would recommend some type of bookmark to hold pages open .
 Sturdy construction , well designed and the price was great . Plan to purchase a second one for my niece . We both have claw foot tubs and this caddy is perfect .
 I love this thing . OK , the accessories were not why I bought it , so I wont comment on those . The tray itself was slightly smaller than I expected , but extends over the edges of the jet tub without any problem . The adjustable book/magazine holder leaves a little to be desired as I cant quite adjust it to the angle I need as I recline in the tub . I have had this product for a few months now and I can still say I love it . I use it A LOT . It has no rust or wear that I can see , and it has been exposed to a lot of water , bubble bath and epsom salts . Be sure you pay attention to the dimensions or you may be surprised because it looks larger in the photo . I enjoy a plastic goblet of wine while I relax in the tub and this tray will hold two , and has room for a little plate of cheese and crackers for your partner ... ok TMI . Buy it . Its worth it .
 I wish this caddy came in Oil Rubbed Bronze so it would match my bath fixtures . It does expand as advertised and is quite sturdy . I do n't use it to perch my book , so I ca n't comment on its functionality for that purpose . It holds my beverage , my soaps and my shaving accessories while I relax in the tub . I have a free standing tub and no shelves or ledges to rest anything on while I am in the bath . Men , if you are getting this for a lady as a gift , splurge on a couple of `` Bath Bombs '' from Lush Cosmetics and your lady will think you are a genius .
 Caddy delivered quickly and with no issues . I was concerned if it would fit my jetted tub but the caddy fits perfectly .
 After looking at a number of similar bath caddies , I decided on this one because of the price , adjustable width , and coated side pieces -LRB- where it rests on the bath -RRB- . I set it up yesterday , and it seems sturdier than I expected . I loaded it up with bottles , and it held up fine . My tub is an old claw-foot tub , and this does n't have to be expanded very far to fit , which probably helps with the stability . The parts that touch the tub are all coated in white plastic , so I 'm not worried about scratching the tub as long as the coating holds up . I assume this will rust eventually - I have yet to find a metal bath product that does n't , but hopefully that wo n't be for a while ! The spa accessories that came with the caddy were a nice perk , but were n't part of my decision to buy it - it would make a nice gift though . I am not using the book holder , but I can see why people have problems with it . It 's not very tall , so a large book or magazine would likely fall over . I bought this without intending to use the book holder , so I am giving it 5 stars since it meets my needs.UPDATE 1/28/13
 Excellent product . I have tried sever but nothing worked out . This caddy is just right . The ends are rubberized so it does n't slip , the compartments are roomy enough for EVERYTHING a girl needs , and the magazine/book holder is perfect as it has several angles to choose from . Great stuyrdy quality and PERFECT for me .
 excellent pricing -- my husband purchased a whirlpool for me earlier and with my caddy I have everything I need close at hand . Thank you
 The fan is 16 '' diameter ; height at full extension is 45 '' . Base diameter 16 '' . Oscillates . Some tilt but not extensive . 3 speeds .
 Loved it , looks great and is functional beside the fire . I also appreciated that the fatwood it comes with is of a good quality .
 This is the best Olive Oil Bottle out there ! Beautiful design , very comfortable to hold , just love the open close feature ! Highly recommend !
 I LOVE the beauty , the feel , the practicality of these containers ! Thsy fit the hand so well and they have a stopper that can be opened or closed . A very unique item , but be sure to use EVOO ! -LRB- Extra virgin olive oil -RRB- And the price is PERFECT !
 I recently had a surgery which requires me to be without bending , lifting , or twisting for a number of weeks . This is difficult for me since the most comfortable place to sit is the recliner . This product helps me tremendously to prevent those restricted movements from occurring as it extends the handle to a level that is reachable from all angles .
 One of the side handles on my lazy boy recliner sofa broke off , leaving only a few inches left . This was able to be attached to the remainder and works great !
 Thsi has been on e of the best products that I have ever purchased . It made using my recliner much easier . Wish I had it when I got this recliner several years ago . Now its the only one I use . Highly recommend this .
 I had shoulder surgery and had to buy a recliner to sleep in as I healed . I am 5 ' 8 '' and do n't have stubby arms but I could not reach the handle to put the legs down on the recliner . I saw this and purchased it . My whole family is glad , since even my 6 ' 2 '' husband and father had trouble reaching it to .
 This was ordered for my father . He was ill and had a hard time raising his foot rest on his recliner . This item worked out for him very well.I give it a A + + + + + + , Thank you
 Because of my weak wrist , I could never close my chair . So , I never really could use it to recline like I was supposed to , unless someone was here to get me out of it ... . Now I have no problem since installing this extender . It was also very simple and easy to install .
 Bought this for my mother . She loves it . Does n't have to lean over as far to reach the recliner lever . Hoping this will eliminate the shoulder aches she gets from pulling on the lever without the extension . So far , so good .
 This was very ez to install and now use . . Very helpful . . Received quickly too . I 'd recomend this to anyone who needs this type of device .
 This is one of those extremely rare products in life that meets , and then exceeds , the hype ! Due to my recent surgery I am in a cast for a couple of months with my dominant right hand and arm . Leaning over my body and trying to raise the short wood handle of the recliner with my left arm was nearly more than it was worth . This extender , with a few turns of the supplied Allen wrench to four screws , has made for recliner Heaven ! I am able to raise the recliner foot rest to full height without any exertion whatsoever ! Do not hesitate for a moment in ordering this product !!
 I purchased this lever extender back in March 2007 for my husbands recliner . He could n't bend to the side enough to be able reach his recliner lever to work it up and down . It works great ! He can work it with no problem . I put the Standers Lever Extender on myself in about two minutes with the tool that was included in the package . I was able to tighten it on securely . Six months later took this handle off this recliner and put on his new one ; still stays on tight . This lever also makes it possiable for someone standing beside the recliner to work the lever for the person in the recliner.Today I 'd came back here to order one for my recliner ! I 'm a short person and have alot of trouble reaching the handle to get my recliner back or up . I 'd known that I wanted one for my chair also but just had n't got back to do it ; and then I saw that I needed to write a reveiw to let everyone know this really works `` buy it you 'll like it ''
 Was unable to adjust my chair due to pain in shoulder and hand . This allows me to do so . I was able to put it on the handle by myself , at age 82 years of age . The delivery was very fast , and price most reasonable I found was at Amazon .
 I bought a big chaise recliner , but I had trouble reaching the handle . I looked at medical supply places for some type of handle to replace what was on the chair . I checked on Amazon and came across the Lever Extender for Easy Chairs . It is WONDERFUL and does exactly what I wanted . I can reach the handle without pulling on the arm of the chair and wearing it out before it 's time . I could n't live without it !
 Learned about this item from a co-worker who purchased it for an elderly parent . I am petite 5 ' 3 and do not have a long arm span so normally ca n't reach things that others can easily and one thing was my recliner lever . So i thought this would be something that would make my reclining experience better . Looked all around on the internet and saw that Amazon.com had the best price and since I have two recliners thought why not buy one for each . The item is well made and easy to install . It works beautifully ! No more not being able to reach from a reclining position ! Tremendous ease in reclining and bringing the chair upright ! I am very pleased with this purchase and recommend it highly !
 I bought this for my elderly father . He could pull the recliner lever back , but had a problem getting it pushed all the way forward . This lever extender solved the problem . It 's very sturdily made , installed in just a couple of minutes with the included allen wrench . The handle has a grip-textured finish . The tubing it 's made of is heavy grade , not flimsy , and the hardware is very good quality , too . Solved the problem and I expect that it will last for many years - probably longer than the chair .
 I just had back surgery and was instructed not to BEND , LIFT , or TWIST -LRB- BLT -RRB- . I also had to lay flat on my back most the time . I tried to recline in my sofa-recliner which involved BENDING in order to reach the handle , TWISTING my waist in order to grab the handle and LIFTING my weight back with very little leverage provided in my weakened and painful condition . Then I saw the Standers Lever Extender and hoped it was the solution to managing my recliner . It arrived in a few short days and I knew it was something special before I even opened the box ! It was much heavier than I imagined it would be , and that heft meant quality ! Made of solid steel , I knew I could count on it . My boyfriend said it was so easy to assemble too . This handle makes reclining effortless ! I 'm glad I found this since I plan to continue to enjoy it even after I heal . My boyfriend is even getting one for his side of the reclining sofa . And the price was right !!!
 The Standers Lever Extender for Easy Chairs is exactly what we wanted . It goes on easily , looks good , and works perfectly . For people who have trouble pushing the chair 's built-in lever to raise the leg-rest , it is a great assist .
 I have arthritis and it is very difficult for me to pull the lever on my recliner so I can lean back . This lever extension is great - it is comfortable and easy to hold onto , making it so simple to lean back or to close my chair . A great item !
 My elderly father could no longer use his recliner . While speaking with my daughter , who is an occupational therapist , she suggested getting an extender . My father can now use his chair with ease using this product .
 I love this handle extension ... it attached easily and is really easy to grasp . It eliminates the backwards stretching I had to do to reach my chairs handle . My order was processed and shipped in record time too .
 Makes it much easier to recline the chair . What else can I say ? Why do I need to say more words ?
 Got this for my dad , He loves how easy it is to put his chair in the reclining position , it really helps him .
 I am a caretaker and ca n't use tools . I ordered this product for a patient with end stage cancer that has gone to his bones . He was more comfortable in his recliner than his bed , but could n't work the lever . This has made a world of difference for him . And , I was able to install it myself in a couple of minutes . It has given my patient great relief from the pain of trying to recline in his chair . I highly reccomend this product . It is better than I even expected , very sturdy .
 This lever was purchased for my elderly mother who is recovering from rotator cuff surgery . She can now raise and lower her recliner without a lot of effort .
 Follow instructions for installation . Would like to see it a little longer . Being short , I could not push the leg rests fown . With the extender . I can now use the lever to help set the lounger in an upright position .
 as a senior mu hands and arms do not have enough strength to raise and lower my recliner and this saved the day .
 I purchased a barely used recliner that has a steel base instead of a wooden one , and the lever was so hard to move that I just about threw the thing out ! It was $ 800 new and had sat in storage for 5 years due to a divorce , shortly after it was purchased , so for $ 150 , I got a great deal , or so I thought , until I dealt with that nasty lever ! But when I bought this and put it on , it someone changed things and I went from struggling to move the lever to doing it with very little effort at all ! Just like it is supposed to be ! This has totally been worth every penny .
 This lever is wonderful for those of us with short arms or those who can not bend over the arm of the chair to reach the handle on the chair . It is very sturdy and is very easy to attach to the chair handle .
 I had back surgery on Oct. 3 . No bending , lifting , or twisting for several months.Before getting the lever extender , my wife had lean me back & let me down . I could not reach the original lever without bending and twisting . With the lever extender , I can work the chair by myself . I am happy & my wife is happy . My wife installed the lever extender .
 We needed an extension handle on our LazyBoy recliners . Read the reviews and ordered two the first time . Easy to install and never had a moments trouble with them . Ordered another one for my father-in-law 's recliner . Excellent product , can not say enough good about it . Makes using the recliner a joy .
 i had surgery on a broken right arm at the wrist with arm in a cast and recliner lever is on right side.Both my shoulders have torn rotator cuffs . . i bought this hoping it would help the lefthanded reach to the right side lever.it does help but be aware when chair is reclined all the way back , the chair lever arm with this extender on it makes it longer and therefore makes the lever even further back behind chair . . and very hard to reach w left hand . . i had to push with legs to get chair sort in the upright position to where i could grab the bar w my left hand and finish the job ... i still recommend it tho-its much better than using just the chair lever . . also it is a very sturdy and heavy item .
 I am a senior citizen & losing my strength . This Extender Lever is wonderful , just a little presure on the handle & you can get up easily .
 I purchased this for my mother . She was able to attach it herself and is very happy with the function of the handle . I recommend this to others with similar reaching challenges .
 I have been using these furniture risers for about a year now and I LOVE them . They lift my sofa just enough to make it very easy for my father to get up from a sitting position on his own without having to ask someone to help him up ! Unfortunately when I moved my furniture around recently , I lost one of the rubber rings that protects the floor from the bottom of the risers . I called the manufacturer , Stander , Inc. to inquire about purchasing additional rings , and they sent them out to me THE SAME DAY ! at no charge ! all I paid was the shipping . They were very helpful and so NICE ! A +
 works well but couch requires TWO sets as it has eight legs and these are two sets of four ea at different heights . Easy to use and very stable .
 I got this for my mother-in-law for her new chair . She could n't lift the legs with the standard handle . This works great , it is still a little hard to do but at least now she can lift her legs . I would recommend this product for sure .
 I am a small person , so reaching the handle on my recliner required leaning over even before any injury . Then I had a car accident and I have a lot of trouble with leaning and bending and I have pain in my shoulder and back . Not only does the LEVER EXTENDER make it easier to reach the handle , but the added leverage makes it easier to push and pull it even with my injured shoulder . This is a MUST HAVE for anyone with back or shoulder problems !
 Had an extender like the Standers given to me by my grandson christmas of 2009 . A friend of mine 's mother had trouble reaching & pulling on her recliner lever . I told her about my wounderful experience with the extender after my heart surgery . I ordered an extender for her mother , a second one for my wife . This is a wonderful device and easy to install . They even five you the allen wrench to install it . I gave the extender to my friends mother who said thank you and I was correct the extender was a life saver . The Standers lever extender is awesome.Amazon , as usual , delivered my order well packed , promptly , and delivered on time as promised on my order . Keep up the good products and services Amazon.Cliff DePriest
 The handle makes it easier to grab on to , however , it is extremely hard to pull to use the reclining position . I have broken vertibraes and because of the strength I need to pull the lever up I sometimes irritate them and it is very painful .
 The extender works quite well . I purchased it for my rocker/recliner that I use with my newborn . I am 4 ' 10 '' and my arms are not very long so I knew I needed to get an extender , especially since I had a c-section and I could n't lean over without hurting myself . I only wish it was a little bit longer so that I can hold onto it when the foot rest if approaching the floor . Because it gets out of my reach before I the foot rest is completely lowered , it jerks suddenely as the foot rest mechanism gets released . Not something you want to happen with a sleeping baby and recovering from stitches . But overall , I am happy with it and it allowed me to use my rocker/recliner during the first weeks postpartum . If I did n't have it , I would n't have been able to . Also , regardless of incision pain , I still needed it as my arms just are n't long enough .
 I have arthritis and can not use my legs to put down my recliner and this handle is great ; it gives that ease of use and makes the recliner handle just that much larger and higher ; making easy to reach . My recliner handle has fabric on it and was not sure if it would work . Fastened easy and doesnt slid or move on the recliner handle . Very secure .
 Looks durable in metal . Padded on the inside that comes in contact with the wood extender . Installation is a breeze , even comes with a tool to tighten the screws . I give this item 5 STARS .
 Very easy to install and comes with all needed hardware and tools.it makes lifting foot rest much easier . Bought this product for mom.She still struggles some to lift foot rest but is at least able to now were as before she could not lift at all . .
 The furniture riser were a real back saver after my husband had heart surgery and slept on the day bed in the living room for 8 weeks . Raising the day bed made it possible for him to get out of bed with just a little help at first , then by himself sooner than expected . The risers are sturdy and easy to put in place .
 I bought two . They were easy to install and helps take the pressure off the shoulder especially for seniors.i would recommend it for any lounge chair used by the older folks .
 Liked the extender for my husband after his surgery . Will keep it on until he has recovered Thanks it worked great . The delivery time was perfect
 Got one for my mother in nursing home -LRB- age 95 -RRB- and one for my recliner . I am in 70 's and installed easily myself . So much easier to let chair up and down . Would like padding on the handle itself but still very good product and very fast service !
 When properly installed and used , next best thing to a full-powered recliner at way less cost . Will buy another when needed .
 I bought this for my mother-in-law , who now has back problems due to age . It is a significant help for her to get out of her recliner . I myself could use one on some days . My mother-in-law and I are about the same height , average female at 5 ' 4-6 &#34; , and in a regular size recliner , we have to stretch quite a way down the side of the recliner to reach the handle , which is not a problem if you are normal , but as anyone who has back problems knows , sometimes you just can not lean to the side , or you can lean , but can not put any strength into pulling the lever without pain , or risking the chance of re-injury . This is a nice solution.However , you need someone with a good back and knees to get it ON the recliner for you.It is not exactly cheap , and only time will tell us if it is worth the cost by lasting a long time .
 I purchased a recliner for my elderly mother but she was having a hard time reaching and then pulling the lever to raise and lower her feet . I put this on the lever and the problem was solved . I liked using for myself as well .
 I purchased this lever for my handicapped son . He sits in a recliner so he can keep his feet elevated but his arms are also weak and he had a hard time raising and lowering the chair . I showed this to him and he said he thought it would be a big help , so I ordered it . The lever was very simple to put on and only required an allen wrench that was included with the lever . My son really loves it and says it helps him a lot in the use of his recliner . I had found the product in a health care catalog but they were going to have to back order it and then I thought of Amazon . I just had not thought about them carrying this but I should have known they have most anything that I ever need . Next time I will look at Amazon first , they even had a better price . Thanks Amazon for your great inventory and service .
 This is an excellent addition to a impossible situation . It was impossible to put the foot down by using the lever before adding this wonderful extension to the handle . It is easy to grip and takes all of the strain out of using the lever . It was easy to install for my husbands strong hands . I could not unscrew the bolts to open it for the initial installation . It was easy for me to tighten it on the chair handle . All in all It is a 5 star item .
 Small but strong . Have used it with a hammer to break up chunks of ice and have also used it to separate ice cubes that have frozen together . it 's smallhas been very handy when making ice cream . The top of the wooden hammer is flat , so it 's easy to use is with a hammer . It 's small enough to keep in the drawer with my tableware .
 This is a handy tool to have in your kit . It also does well in your bar . Chipping ice cubes into drink cooling chunks .
 This is a beautifully crafted small to medium size pitcher . Makes a nice display piece , but too short to hold flowers as a center piece for the table . I would guess it would hold only about 2 quarts , maybe.I love it , for decoration , functionality is still to be proven .
 I have a selection of over 200 bin most are akrobins some are other brand but akrobins are holding up over time test real well
 It 's a speaker stand , what is there to say?Well , if you 're going for a complete Sanus setup , having the matching speaker stands is a must . The stand itself has a cherry finish , with a black top and base . Both the top and base have holes to allow for wire concealment and a black plastic backing is providing to cover speaker wire running down the back of the stand.Assembly is easy and the result looks very clean.Spikes as well as rubber feet are included .
 I can see how people have been getting very frustrated with the installation of the thin plastic pieces included for cable management . They 're meant to be bent into 2 diagonal grooves in the wood that hold it in place in a curved shape . The cables then slip between the plastic and the wood . The natural way to try to install this is to put one side into the grooves completely and try to work the other side in little by little . This method is WRONG and will lead to complete frustration.THE CORRECT WAY : Put the 2 end corners of the plastic piece into BOTH GROOVES at the SAME TIME . Then , work your way down the plastic piece with 1 finger on each side , guiding the edges of the plastic into the both grooves together . This makes the installation 100x easier . If you try the other way , you 'll bend up the plastic piece and want to throw it across the room . It took me one stand assembly to realize this , the second one I did the correct way and it took all of 20 seconds to install .
 I purchased the Sanus stands because I was looking for good looking , furniture quality stands that look good in my room full of new furniture . I am using them with AudioEngine 5 speakers and those fit perfectly on the NF24 stands . I chose the NF24 over some of the cheaper models because of the look.First of all , these speaker stands are quite easy to put together -LRB- up until the wiring cover - more about that in a minute -RRB- . I had absolutely no problem getting the units assembled and looking perfect . The packaging keeps the finish flawless and the hardware is all clear and extremely well marked . The instructions for assembly are not too bad . I made use of my power drill with a screw bit attachment to make quick work of the long screws . I was very pleased that the joints came together light-tight and the fit and finish is solid . These will be in a low-traffic area for me so I am not as concerned about scratches , but they seem like they will hold up ok.The unit comes with both rubber feet and carpet spikes . I am using the rubber feet and those fit firmly on the floor . Vibration dampening appears pretty good.Cable management looks great but this is where the unit lost a star for me . The black cable that hides the cover needs to be bent , massaged , cajoled , forced , and finessed into place . It took maybe fifteen minutes for each stand to add that cover and left me with cramped fingers . Seems weird too because there must be a hundred ways of designing that cover -LRB- which is n't visible from the front anyway -RRB- and they must have chosen the most difficult one . So basically the last part of the assembly was unnecessarily difficult.Having gotten the cable management cover in place , I am once again very pleased with this purchase and would definitely buy it again .
 Putting these together was easy . I wish the feet were rubber instead of plastic , but they work without issues on my tile floor . I have a pair of BIC America DV62si bookshelf speakers which are on the larger side -LRB- 8.9 x 14.8 x 9.1 -LRB- W x H x D -RRB- in inches -RRB- and they fit perfectly on the 4 rubber pads provide with stands . I was a little concerned when purchasing these as my cats like to jump on top of things , but these stands have been fine and I 'm not worried about them getting knocked over . The plastic that goes on the back is n't as hard to put on as others have described . If you need a little help , try bending the plastic around the front of the post to get the start of the plastic 's shape . Then start at one end and work it in the groves . I can not think of anything to make these better . These are well made , hides cable nicely , and supports my larger style surround speakers .
 I found the construction was very simple . Although the assembly required some applied pressure , I do n't think this is a negative in achieving a structurally sound product once it 's completed . What you have is a finished product that looks great . The carpet tacks were a nice touch and the stands will not move once these tacks are used . The only drawback were the Neoprene pads could have been quite a bit longer . If you have large bookshelf speakers , they could slip . But nothing a short trip to the local do-it yourself store could n't fix . Luckily I have Polk Audio TSi200 speakers so the dimensions are only 12 X 15.5 inches and 17 pounds . These stands at 24 inches do not overpower the room , my wife was even surprised that speakers could look nice in a living room .
 Stands were easy to put together and do what they are supposed to do . Nice fit and finish and are holding up my Infinity RS3 's with no problem -LRB- Heavy `` bookshelf '' speaker -RRB- Make sure to spend alittle extra and order the NF series not the BF . Worth the extra $ $ !
 Right now I 'm listening to my Pioneer speakers blare away to The Avengers soundtrack . No speaker rattles . Nice and isolated , with multiple mounting options . Highly impressed by the performance of these speaker racks . &#34; So why does n't he give them five stars ? &#34; , you may ask . The answer is , the plastic strip included with the speakers to &#34; enclose &#34; the speaker wire SUCKS to install . It 's firm plastic and stays in place ... once you get it into the channel and manage to keep it there ... all the while trying not to overbend it and create a permanent white line of discoloration to further shame you in the eyes of friends when they scope out your install.So performance ? 5 stars . Ease of install ? 3 . I still would recommend this to a friend , but they are by no means perfect .
 Perfect for my low seating and blends with the rest of my living room furniture . Good quality and I use the rubber feet for wooden floors . Height is perfect - this is probably the correct height that will work with most seating .
 there are a million reviews for this with the dimensions and whatnot already so , ill just add one more thumbs up review . tehy are solid . Nice clean look to them . they can hold some weight / easy to put together . Ive got the front left and right surround speakers from my Onkyo S5400 setup on them . . It looks great
 These are expensive but nice . They fit the AudioEngine A5 speakers perfectly . However , they 're not 100 % stable - probably not the fault of these stands .
 Solid , simple , well priced speaker stands.I got these to go in the living room next to the TV to hold a pair of smaller 5in monitors . The stands are built well and are easy to assemble . They shipped with a few different feet options which was nice.The only downside is the &#34; cable management &#34; solution . There is a hole on the bottom plate , but it is pretty small . Would work just fine for standard speaker wire . But , in my case , is too small to run the power and 1/4in cables through . Also , they stands ship with what is basically a thin piece of plastic that you are to bend between 2 slits running down the main stand piece in which the cables are meant to run through . Maybe a little sloppy looking ? But not really that big of deal.Overall these are very well built speaker stands that are the perfect listening height for next to a TV , etc. .
 First ... This item is NOT difficult to assemble ! One screwdriver , and read the instructions . Nice options available depending on type of floor , and whether you want to use the isolation spikes.Secondly , I was amazed at the sturdy feel of the materials , and the assembled stands.Perhaps I am imagining it , but I believe that these stands , with the isolation spikes , actually improved the sound of my bookshelf speakers by minimizing all resonance from the room and furnishings . They seem less muddy , though they were always fairly true.Why not 5 stars ? The packaging was in ruins when delivered . I fully expected a useless pair of stands . Their sturdy construction must have saved them . Additionally , there are two , very small , blemishes in the stands ... Unnoticeable after installed , but an imperfection none-the-less . I will add that the unusual curvature to my Polk speakers means that they barely fit onto the speaker spikes , but once positioned , they are solidly held in place . The foot spikes were necessary for my carpeted room , and the stands do not wobble.I think the seller was caught up by Hurricane Sally , as the shipping was delayed about a week . Once shipped , however , they arrived two days later.I am more than pleased with this addition to my home theater setup . Hope you found my experience helpful .
 I just bought these stands to hold some speakers that are almost at the weight limit which is 25 pounds . They seem stable enough ... not `` rock solid '' stable , but reasonably stable I 'd say . I am using the polyester feet option on carpet instead of the carpet spikes.The stands look nice and it was easy to put them together except for the flexible panel that hides the speaker wire that you have to bend into place into a cutout/crevice on the back of the stand . When finally in , the panels were showing some signs of stress damage from the bending , so be careful . For that reason , and because there were some minor imperfections in the bases -LRB- which could possibly have been due to shipping damage & the product packaging not being good enough to provide enough protection -RRB- , I 'm deducting one star .
 A little about what I was putting on these stands , which I hope helps some of you reading this since we 're all looking for stands for a specific set of speakers : MY SPEAKERS : I have some fairly stout HSU Research HB-1 speakers . The specs are 15 '' H X 8 `` W X 8 `` D , and they weigh in at 14.5 lbs each . The bottom of my speakers overhang roughly 1/4 '' all around , which looks quite nice , almost like these stands were designed for my speakers . My tweeter height is 11 '' up from the bottom of the speaker , which puts the tweeter at 35 '' high on these stands , which is right in line with where ear level is when sitting back on my couch . The height is perfect for me . I could have even gone a couple of inches shorter considering I have a fairly low to the floor couch , I tend to sink into it , and it 's better to have your tweeters slightly below your ear level than slightly above , although the target is to hit them evenly -LRB- according to the engineers at my speaker manufacturer -RRB- . ASSEMBLY : These assembled easily . I looked at the instructions which were adequate , but in reality very little was needed in terms of directions . If you 've ever assembled anything from Ikea , this should be a piece of cake . One tip , as I read in another review , when putting the plastic cable management strip on the back , bend it so that both ends go in at the same time , then work your way down the strip . This is easier than putting one entire edge in first , then the next.LOOK AND FEEL : I was actually surprised at how good these looked . I find most affordable speaker stands to look gaudy and a little tacky . These look pretty clean and do not make too much of a statement . The stands are solid and stable on my medium shag carpet . I installed the included carpet spikes , and they hold solidly to the floor . The plastic strip that is provided for the cable management in the back blends in with the stands and is pretty much out of view anyway . I did n't use the shiny side of the plastic -LRB- that has the wrapper on it -RRB- , I used the exposed more textured side which seems to go better with the wood finish . --------------------------------- * OPTIONS * MOUNTING TACK : I would buy someBlu-Tack Reusable Adhesiveto put in-between the speakers and the stand for added stability . I 've seen in recommended in many speaker forums , and I 'm glad that I bought it . It holds the speakers very tightly to the stands , but remains removable.CENTER CHANNEL STAND : I wish speaker manufacturers would make more center channel stands -LRB- of variable height -RRB- , and price them similarly to the cost of one bookshelf stand . The matching center channel stand for these bookshelf stands costs -LSB- at the time of this review -RSB- $ 20 more than a pair of the bookshelf stands . I bought thePeerless Adjustable Component Shelf for AV EQ , which worked well for my needs , but the matching center channel for these bookshelf stands isSanus Systems NFC18B Natural Foundations 18 inch Center Speaker Stand , Black
 Good stands that serve their purpose . They look good and hide speaker cable well . They are also sturdy enough so that if you bump into them as you pass by it should n't fall over .
 I found these speaker stands to be very sturdy for my Onkyo SKS-HT540 -LRB- front left and right -RRB- speakers . They were very easy to assemble . Well worth the price ! I would have liked them better if the plastic feet on them were rubber . This would have made for a better non-skid grip for my hardwood floors . But it 's nothing major . I would n't let that keep you from purchasing these . The floor base is heavy and this allows for a good anti-tilt for your speakers . There are little spikes for the top base and my Onkyos fit perfectly between them . The black finish is a perfect match for any HDTV . Seems to be kind of like a thick laquer finish . Awesome stuff !!
 The Sanus stands work great for me . I got two pairs for my surround sound system . Assembly was easy and I had no problems with the wood splitting like others claim . Appearance is great although they could use some kind of mount in the back for stability but for the price these ca n't be beat .
 the assembly was quick and easy . the only problem i had was when i tried sliding on the back panel used to hide the speaker wires , it chipped the wood in various areas . also to ensure my speakers where secure i had to use two sided tape on the based . overall i love it , it looks good . pretty decent for the cost .
 We spend a lot of time outside with our family , eating and drinking are a big part of that . These are great to use anytime , anywhere . You just fill , snap the seal and grab the straw ... I love these !
 As always tupperware exceeds all other plastic products . The lids stay on nice and tight and the risk of spilliage is miminial . It is the perfect product for older children to enjoy beverages as well as for parents to not worry about them spilling . Great service from the seller , I recommend their services !!
 The tumblers are exactly what I have been looking for for my grandson . The customer service was great and the package arrived nicely packaged and promptly . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 Bought these cups for myself for running errands and the kids around , so that I would not spill stuff in the car , and they work great . My 3 year old twins even love them , they are truly leak proof . I am definately going to order more .
 I was rather surprised these turned out as well as they did . They look great . My only complaint is they are n't necessarily guaranteed to construct properly . One of mine ended up being off centered , top piece did n't line up right with the bottom , so it looks crooked . Sort of really disappointed with this because it 's the only reason I bothered buying these - my home made speaker oak stands that I am quite proud of how great they came out looking had one major flaw for both
 Works well with my Polk RTI A3 Speakers . I added some blu tac to the speaker to attach to the stand and it works very well . I 'm using the carpet spikes and they keep the stand sturdy .
 I picked these up to use with my monitor 30 bookshelf speakers , which are 9 lbs . and about 7 `` W x 8 `` D . The size is perfect , however I do wish the top plate was just a little larger considering the size of my speakers , but it 's not that a big deal . They sit fine and as long as they 're not in a bad location , you should n't have to worry about them getting knocked over . The base is plenty big and sturdy to stay upright . Assembly was easy , everything fit together perfectly . The back piece to hide your speaker cable may give some people problems but really , it 's not hard at all . Just insert one side first and then fold the top corner over into the other side and work your way down . My only issue is that the height was acutally a little less than the advertised 30 '' . More like 281/2 - 29 which was ok with me , but if I had smaller speakers , like satellites , I 'd probably want the 36 '' high stands .
 These speaker stands exceeded my expectations . Only took about 15 minutes to assemble . I bought these for my Polk Audio Monitor 30 's . They each weigh 16 lbs and these stands do n't wobble at all . I have them on carpet using the adjustable carpet spikes . Very solid speaker stands that look great , and do n't break the bank . I bought some museum wax to help anchor them in place , as someone suggested , but was not needed . If you have been shopping around for some solid speaker stands . Look no further . These are a great buy , and you will not be disappointed !
 Purchased to hold BIC America Venturi DV62si speakers and the NF 30 do the job . Very stable and just the right height to listen to music sitting on my couch . Not too high or too low . Assembly was easy . Nice looking , classic style , black is not shiny glossy , and they have a large base which is important for stability . Can be used on different types of flooring .
 These stands are very good . They are a bit small for the speakers I put on them but I knew that before buying them so I ca n't take that away in a review . The only concern I have with these is that one of the stands when put together is not completely square and it is noticeable . I do n't think my wife knows or many other people since they do n't build stuff like I do and have an eye for it . However I know that it is off and it bugs me so that is the reason for the four stars on construction and appearance . The actual build quality is very sturdy . I do n't worry about these getting knocked down . I have bumped into them multiple times and they do n't budge . The wire control system on the back is n't necessary but I have one of the plastic things on just to keep the wires in line not to hide them . I would definitely buy these again especially if I knew that I just got a bad stand that isnt the usual .
 I 've bought Sanus products in the past and have always been happy with them . These NF stands have a great finish , much better than some other stands from other manufacturers . The only small gripe I have is with the drilled hole on the top base.I 'm using 12 gauge wiring for my surround speakers , and if the pre-drilled hole were about 1/8 '' wider in diameter , it would 've been a perfect fit . As it stands , I 'll have to bore out a new hole to finish off the installation , but that 's a pretty minor issue.I 'm not a huge fan of the wiring concealment , as it seems a channel could 've easily been milled into the length of the speaker stands themselves . Overall though , one of the better sets of speakers stands I 've owned , and will definitely be getting another set for the setup in my bedroom .
 most of the other reviews for the sanus natural foundation series are pretty spot on . visually , these stands are very clean looking , do the job well , and do n't seem like they 'd fall over unless pushed pretty hard -LRB- they 're currently propping up my polk monitor 30 's that are about 9lbs each i think -RRB- . the minor complaints i have are similar to those noted by others . first , the hiding of the wires -- you receive two bendable plastic panes that slide into pre-cut grooves in the back of the column for each stand . this is the wire is snaked through to hide it from being seen . its a bit of a pain to install , but it does hide the cable . i 'd recommend actually bending the plastic pieces first before installing so it 's easier to slide one side in , then tuck/snap the other side into the opposite groove . i noticed on one column as i was tucking the plastic in it chipped the finish on the edge of the groove , but its not that big of a deal . a black sharpie can probably hide that . the second thing is just the general logic of the installation , like the plastic feet that you screw in the bottom of the base . it just seems easier to put those in first , then install the base and top plate onto the column than doing the plates first , and flipping the whole thing over just to install some feet . in spite of these small details and the fact that one of the boxes had a wrong sized screw included , these stands do the job and are priced pretty well . i should note that i called sanus to tell them that there was a hardware mix-up and they were more-than-willing to assist me in identifying the piece missing and sending me a new one even though i could have easily just gone to home depot and found it . so +1 for customer service .
 I 'm satisfied with this product , especially considering the great price compared to other speaker stands . Parts are finished in a black smooth finish and look good . Although they 're not quite a work of art such as the very expensive stands.Perhaps I 'm more mechanically inclined than others , but I did n't have any trouble with the wire covers as many other reviewers complain about .
 Theses speaker stands were very easy to put together and setup . The materials are good quality and solid . Once setup they are very stable and the floor spikes were very helpful with thick carpeting and isolating speaker vibrations . I am currently using these with the JBL Northridge bookshelf speakers , but hope to using the HB-1 MK2 soon .
 These stands are stylish , practical and sturdy . The wire management system works perfctly , even for heavier gauge wires and the price cant be beat for the quality .
 These speaker stands look great and were easy to assemble . They are also sturdy for their size . I have some 51/4 in bookshelf speakers on them right now and they 're about the perfect size for these stands . I 'd be hesitant to go much larger than that . One negative is that the plastic panels that are used to hide the wires behind the post are hard to install since you have to bend them about 180deg and push the edges in some grooves . The other negative is that the carpet spikes that came with the stands are fairly small and do n't go through my carpet and padding all the way . Overall I ca n't complain too much since they were priced so well , so I 'm satisfied with this purchase .
 Very nice stands , however they are not 30 '' .28 3/4 with the 3/4 inch feet installed.somewhat dissappointinghowever not a deal breaker , also have a black plastic strips to hide speaker wireon back of stands that people complain are hard to install.only took a few minutes : -RRB-
 When the box arrived at my home , it looked a little beat up but everything inside was great , no dings or scratches . As I unpacked the contents , I noticed that the stands came with another set of top plates for the speakers . These speaker top plates are retangular and cover the bottom of my speakers more . The only problem is that the retangular top plate has three 1/2 inch recessed holes at each corner of the plate with nothing to put in them to balance your speakers . I opted to use the square top plates with the provided spikes and that worked fine.The assembly was a breeze and the wire management cover was easy to install . Tip
 Great stands they feel solid great price worth every penny my polk audio speakers look great with these stands the top base could be a hair longer and wider other than that I recommend these stands hides the speaker wires too .
 I had been looking for some good speaker stands for my Polk Audio Tsi 200 's and could n't find many stands that were strong enough to support them . I decided to get this set but I had no idea how amazing they would actually be . The stand itself is a matte black and very sturdy on carpet -LRB- comes with spikes -RRB- . The packaging was completely destroyed by the time it reached me , but I was n't missing any parts . I used a drill to help with the assembly and it took about 10-15 minutes to get them all set up . I strongly recommend using some quakehold museum wax to keep the speakers firmly attached to these stands . Overall , an attractive , strong , set that exceeded all expectations .
 I was very pleased with this product . The purchase comes with two stands . The stands were easy to assemble . The stands are pressboard wood . They are solid and the paint on them has n't chipped or flaked , except for one place ... read on to find out . I have fairly large speakers and the stands support them well.The only thing I did n't like very much was the way the wire cover was implemented on the back of the stand . You get two pieces of flat , semi-flexible plastic that you insert into two slots cut on the back of the stand . You have to bend the plastic into a half pipe and then slide them down the base of the stand while keeping the plastic half pipe in the slot . It took a couple of tries to get the plastic pieces to bend and then slide into the slots that retain them . I nicked the top of the wood at the top and it chipped a bit of the paint off . However , once I figured it out and got them in it looks pretty good.Effective and attractive .
 Overall , these stands are very decent quality , especially given the $ 50 price I paid -LRB- not including shipping -RRB- . With the option of spikes or pads for the top and bottom plates , it gives you options for all types of speakers and locations . I 'm using the carpet spikes on the bottom and neoprene pads on top with my Yamaha NS-333 's which are being used for satellite duty . These speakers are on the heavy side -LRB- > 12lbs -RRB- so traditional smaller satellite stands will not work . While not rock-solid stable , these stands work well enough for my `` out-of-the-way '' corner locations . They can take a light bump , but would n't hold up to a small child grabbing hold and yanking -LRB- or an overly excited labrador -RRB- . With my older carpet and padding , the stands sit up on the spikes quite a bit , even at the lowest settings . They are however adjustable , so if anyone complaints about the overall height on carpet , please try adjusting your spikes -LRB- or replacing your carpet -RRB- . In case anyone was still wondering , there are two stands in the package . I received all parts listed in the instructions , though the blister pack that contained them had been opened and resealed with tape . Most likely there was an early quality control issue with parts being left out and this was corrected in the factory before being shipped to distributors.The instructions are useless as it consists only of illustrations with no written instructions , but this is not rocket science . The screws all fit without splitting or excessive effort , which might have been another factory correction as I 've heard other complain of splitting smaller holes . As others have stated , the most difficult part is installing the wire channel . The illustrations indicate bending the `` film '' for the channel and inserting both sides into the slits in the back of the stand . This is impossible , but there is an obvious that the way it needs to be done . Simply , leave the top unattached and slide the bottom edge of the film into the channel from the top and move it down slowly . I took my time and bent the film into the approximate shape and slid it down about 2-3 '' , then I used one palm to keep pressure on the already inserted part -LRB- to keep it in the track -RRB- while using my other hand to squeeze and slide the rest of the film in 1-2 '' movements . I did not have any issues using this technique and highly recommend using pressure on the already inserted piece , because the finish on the back could be damaged if the film were to slip out . The pieces of film get very hard to install at the end , so I used a flat piece of wood to push it down the rest of the way . NOTE
 The stands are nice looking and of good quality . The stands are holding my Polk Audio RTI A1 Bookshelf Speakers . I was worried the top plate was going to be too small for these speakers and it would look funny , but they fit and look great.I was very torn between the 30 '' and 24 '' stands and I am glad I went with the 30 '' , they are the perfect height . Putting these together only took a few minutes with a screwdriver . I drilled the holes in the top plate all the way through and put a screw through the bottom of the plate and screwed them to the bottom of my speakers . The back wire cover is a little tricky to get on but works and looks good . I found it a little easier to bend the plastic covers in my hand , into a u-shape , before installing.I would recommend these stands to others !
 Aside from the back plastic panels which I gave up on installing to keep from chipping the particle board anymore , I 'm happy with the stands . They look good , are stable and are the height I need . Took about 30 minutes to put them both together . They came undamaged , any damage done was trying to get that silly back panel system in place . I would recommend them to a friend .
 These are n't the best stands in the world , but they have to be the best in this price range . These stands are n't heavy , but they are sturdy . Their base is solid and I have no concern about them tipping over . I would recommend them to someone not wanting to spend a lot of money but wanting a clean look .
 We found these speaker stands to be attractive , well designed , well made , easy to assemble , and sturdy ; yet inexpensive . These stands adequately support the front speakers for our Yamaha NS-AP6500BL home theater speaker package . We endorse other reviewers positive comments . In addition , all screw holes in our stands were properly sized and recessed -LRB- unless you attach them upside down -RRB- . The plastic wire covers were easy to install provided you first attach the base , then bend the covers into the slots at one end and slide them down toward the base , maintaining the bend as you go . We do not find the appearance of these plastic covers to be objectionable . The wire covers will easily accommodate 12 gauge speaker wires , but you will have to use a drill to enlarge the hole in the top plate , then find higher cushioned feet to set the speaker on so that thicker wire can pass beneath the speaker . Alternatively , you can route thicker wire out of the top of the wire cover behind the top plate and directly to the speaker terminals.The downside . The stands were not well packed . Fortunately , however , they arrived undamaged . At this same time , we ordered two identical 36 '' inch Sanus stands in the same packaging from another company . The box for the 36 '' stands was mishandled in transit and the corners of both base plates were cracked or broken ; the box was retaped , apparently by the shipper . The seller had no replacement parts and instead offered a $ 20 partial refund , or a full refund upon return of the damaged stands . This takes too much time and hassle . Who has time to fill out the paperwork , repack , and return such items ? Not us . Like other reviewers , we decided to make the best of a bad deal and got out a black marker to cover the broken corners as best we could . Sellers of Sanus should -LRB- 1 -RRB- obtain access to replacement parts for such purposes , -LRB- 2 -RRB- stop selling these stands until the manufacturer packs them adequately , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- sellers -LRB- and Amazon -RRB- need to find shipping companies other than UPS and Federal Express , neither of whom could give a s ** t. Poor packaging is the reason for four stars instead of five .
 The Sanus Systems NF 30 stands are just want I needed for my rear speakers . I found them very easy to put together and had no problems . They look great in our great room and having the speakers at ear level makes all the difference in the sound . I would recommend them to anyone wanting this type of stand .
 Great stand for the price , sturdy & well made , only complaint that prevented a 5 star rating , one of the pre-drilled holes on one of the columns did not have the hole drilled far enough into the column , and the screw just spins around about 1/4 inch out of the hole , and for some reason can not be backed out . Fortunately the spikes are far enough out that the screw does not stick out to cause the stand to wobble .
 I have used this table many times while camping or spending a day at the park . It is very handy , easy to assemble , and stores away in it 's own carrying bag . The construction is fairly solid , and if treated properly will last for quite awhile . The only problem is the wood slats are not treated or fininshed so if it gets wet it may rot . I would recommend this table to anyone who camps or picnics .
 Excellent little table of brilliant design , living-room pretty , and practical to a fault . I loved how the storage/carrying bag is divided to protect the wooden tabletop from scratches in transit . Setup and knockdown are magically instant , and it was a stroke of genius to include the how-to-refold instructions on a permanent fabric tag inside the storage bag so no lost papers or moments of stupidly trying to remember how to get it back into the bag . Deserves design awards , for sure .
 We use this table when we are grilling outside - we have an electic grill , which fits nicely on the top of the table . There 's room for plates , marinades , and all the other tools you need for a summertime barbeque ! It puts up and breaks down in seconds , and spends its time snug in its bag . We also plan to take it camping and to evening concerts with our bag chairs .
 Very well craved characters . You can use as wall hangings or Velcro to mantles or furniture.Very satisfied with items .
 Seemed to be of good quality and decent size for an office or placed on a very small easel for a desk .
 Item is larger than I thought , which was actually a good thing . Got this for my husband for our 10-year wedding anniversary . It 's really nice .
 Most audio stands are relatively flimsy and not that great looking when you get up close . Not so with the Sanus media rack . The stand comes in three beautiful finishes that integrate perfectly with the rest of the Natural Furniture line.It 's hard to tell from a single picture , but the stand is actually two sided and sits on a swivel base . The shelves are only as deep as a DVD -LRB- or so -RRB- , so there is no wasted space behind your collection.The shelves themselves are glass and can be spaced in a variety of ways . I found I did n't even use all of the shelves included .
 It is difficult to find hulk items that are not animated , but these curtains are perfect . My 6 year old grandson was re-doing his room into a big boy room and he wanted it done in all the Marvel heroes -LRB- or whatever they are called -RRB- but he wanted the `` real hulk '' . I ordered the valance and it is perfect . He loves it . It does not feel cheap , the hem is even and well sewn , and the wrinkles fell out quickly without needing ironed . I am once again the best grandma ever . I would order these again in a heart beat .
 I love this furniture . It goes together with no additional tools and quick . I built this table in less than a half hour . It 's sturdy and the perfect size shelves for the big amp that goes to my home theater . You can also buy another shelf level for a taller unit . The holes predrilled in the back of the shelves are perfect for a wire route so everything is nice and neat .
 Hold my Samsung 46 '' LCD TV LN46A550 on top shelf , 6 discs CD changer , dvd player and 2 speakers on mid shelf , a heavy receiver and 2 speakers on bottom shelf fine . Stand looks very nice , solid , and easy to assemble . It arrives with minor scratches on 2 curve edges of top shelf but I manage to fix them using plastic wood filler and black permanent marker .
 Just what I wanted
 Pretty much what I expected and wanted . The only criticism I have is that the threaded area of the screw posts could be bigger . On some posts , you can barely get started on the thread before it runs out . Still seems solid though .
 Most audio stands are relatively flimsy and not that great looking when you get up close . Not so with the Sanus media rack . The stand comes in three beautiful finishes that integrate perfectly with the rest of the Natural Furniture line.It 's hard to tell from a single picture , but the stand is actually two sided and sits on a swivel base . The shelves are only as deep as a DVD -LRB- or so -RRB- , so there is no wasted space behind your collection.The shelves themselves are glass and can be spaced in a variety of ways . I found I did n't even use all of the shelves included .
 Most audio stands are relatively flimsy and not that great looking when you get up close . Not so with the Sanus media rack . The stand comes in three beautiful finishes that integrate perfectly with the rest of the Natural Furniture line.It 's hard to tell from a single picture , but the stand is actually two sided and sits on a swivel base . The shelves are only as deep as a DVD -LRB- or so -RRB- , so there is no wasted space behind your collection.The shelves themselves are glass and can be spaced in a variety of ways . I found I did n't even use all of the shelves included .
 Very well craved characters . You can use as wall hangings or Velcro to mantles or furniture.Very satisfied with items .
 Seemed to be of good quality and decent size for an office or placed on a very small easel for a desk .
 Item is larger than I thought , which was actually a good thing . Got this for my husband for our 10-year wedding anniversary . It 's really nice .
 I have 3 so far and will be getting more.They feel like a quality product and they work like a quality product.The flame is very adjustable and they hold a decent amount of butane.So easy to use even I could do it!So stop reading and get ordering . -LRB- This was not a paid endorsement , I actually like these things . -RRB-
 These are great and they last a long time properly filled . Great on the patio
 I was looking for a good looking , flexible , rotating media tower , to fit in a narrow space . This certainly fits the bill . The glass shelves can be put in just about any position , and I have CDs , DVDs , and VHS tapes -LRB- both normal & disney size -RRB- in it . The flexibility is nice , and I have a couple shelves left over . The parts all fit together quite well , assembly took maybe 20 minutes . The 2-sided design is nice , since it can be rotated such that only the wood sides show . The other primary reason I went with Sanus was due to its construction from real maple . Here was the only disappointment . While the sides do have real maple veneer , it is veneer over particle board , not solid maple , and the top & bottom are simply particle board . Overall , I 'm still pleased , just wish it was solid maple .
 Good quality poster . I will use this in teaching my students about Picasso 's cubist style . Also , as a comparison to other paintings by various artists with a musical theme .
 These napkin rings are OK , they wo n't mark your table with their rough un-glazed edge if you paint it with clear nail polish ... Now days they 're made in China as cheaply as possible.They used to be completely covered with shiny glaze , now they set it on one edge and glaze the rest , leaving the one edge un-glazed . I 'll never buy them again . The Spode company representative is OK , I complained that the 1st set was not good ... it had a ` slipped ' tree transfer -LRB- the decal under the glaze was wrinkled -RRB- and was missing glaze on one edge.Spode sent me another set of 4 , but the glaze was still missing . Spode is obviously run by ` bean counters ' , and they are letting their quality slip.Larry Kelley
 The spode napkin rings are beautiful ! The attention to detail on the trees is what really makes them a great complement to the table .
 I bought these stands to support a pair of satellite speakers that I use in my home theatre system and I 'm pleased with the purchase . The support is finished solid maple that bolts to the the top and bottom plates with long wood screws . You then have the option of using either the spiked feet or the plastic feet on the bottom plate . The spiked feet are adjustable whereas the plastic feet are not which is probably the only reason I give this a 4/5 instead of 5/5 stars . The fit and finish of the product is excellent and the stands are an attractive addition to the living room . Better stands exist but not at this price level . I recommend these stands to anyone looking to support a pair of bookshelf-sized speakers .
 I have looked all over for a pan with a metal top , everyone makes the plastic ones , my Mother had one and I got hers but I wanted a new one . However as soon as it came out of the dishwasher it looked old . I will still use it but maybe it ca n't go in the dishwasher .
 Bought this for my mom for Christmas , as she specifically asked for one with a metal lid . She likes it , and I ca n't wait until she bakes a cake so I can taste it . : -RRB-
 I purchased two of the covered cake pans . One was a gift and one was for me . When I went to use mine the lid was damaged or maybe for better words it was dented on the end . I has a very hard time opening it , my husband finally got it open . The lid needs to be pushed back where it is dented . It was still covered in the clear wrapping of the manufactor but somehow both cake pan lids were dented .
 This was ordered as a gift , requested by size and brand , and was greatly appreciated . The recipient wore out a previous one .
 The metal is a bit thin , especially on the lid . It was hard to find a pan that has a metal lid , so this is nice , but it is thinner than previous pans I 've had , so do n't know how long it will last .
 This item looks very upscale and keeps delecate cookies from being smashed ! :-RRB- It does show fingerprints however . But for the price it was an excellent buy !
 This is a nice pan for cakes or whatever . Nice and smooth . Not too thin . Seems to heat evenly and wash well.Watch out though , the edges of the lid are sharp . SHARP ! Wearing a bandaid this very second because my finger caught the edge of the pan while I was getting something else out of the cabinet . Be careful storing and washing and you should be fine , but I wo n't let my kids handle it .
 It was exactly what I wanted . Cooks perfecty and is good quality for the price . would recommend this pan to anyone
 This pan works great so far . It is nice to have the lid . I got tired of covering my old pan with tin foil .
 I bought 4 of these after seeing one at my sister-in-law 's . I really like the aluminum cover which I had engraved by my jeweler , with &#34; Handmade by -- &#34; . Everyone I gave this to , loved it . Nordic Ware generally makes a quality product . I still have the original Bundt pan I bought in 1972 . Aluminum conducts heat evenly , and do n't rust ! . Best of all , it 's made in the USA !
 Bought these as gifts for my mom , who has had similar cake pans since I was a kid . Hers have finally worn out.These are pretty good quality , almost identical to the old ones except for the Nordic Ware branding . The only issue I had with them was when we first opened them , they were very difficult to open and close . I think it might have gotten slightly bent during shipping or something . After a bit of wrestling with it , it seems to be fixed though.My mom swears by these . I have no authority to argue with a 65 year old housewife on the subject , so I defer judgement to her .
 My mother-in-law asked for one of these and I had a hard time finding a nice one with a metal lid . However , this one is perfect -- she uses it a lot for freezer storage of baked goods and the flat lid is perfect for that . My mother says she also likes these because she uses the lid as an extra cookie sheet in the oven !
 Works well for me . But there 's nothing special about it . I just really like the metal cover . It makes taking desserts to family gatherings and potlucks easy .
 I gave this as a gift , but had been looking for a cake pan with a metal lid . I use mine all the time and think they are great . Shipping was nice and fast for this order .
 I bought one for a friend & one for me !! I attend pot luck dinners frequently & also take dishes to friends or family gatherings . This pan is deep enough to carry a frosted cake without getting frosting all over the lid . It 's great for other dishes as well . I like that the lid is metal rather than plastic .
 I had 3 similar pans for 20 + years and they were starting to wear through . I had been looking for a replacement and was very happy to find this pan . I have used them -LRB- I bought 3 -RRB- and they work great . They 're deeper so they work well for dishes like Lasagna and casseroles .
 This is a great cake pan . I am very happy that I got it !!! It bakes a great cake !!! Happy baking ,
 The pan is as advertised . Very sturdy yet light.The lid fits perfectly.Easy to clean even though not coated with non-stick finish .
 We have had a cake pan like this for over 38 years and everytime we use it my husband always said he wanted another . So , when I found this I COULD N'T WAITE TO ORDER IT . It 's great for holding bar-b-que meat in as will as baking . And with the metal lid you can stack other dishes on top in the frig .
 Easy to use and clean.I have been buying this same style of pan from Nordic Ware for many years . Almost bought a cheaper one until I read those reviews . Nordic Ware will be the only one I trust!Nothing else to say other then Perfect !
 I have fought with plastic lids for my bake ware long enough . They always end up broken . I decided to give this pan a try . All though it is not fancy or that heavy of a metal , I LOVE it ! The lid goes on smooth and it has already been so nice to have ! This is a product that I will probably be purchasing a second one of , just to have on hand ! It baked my cakes very evenly and being that it is light in color it did n't burn the edges !
 Was tickled pink when I discovered a brand-new replacement for my tired , discolored and totally unappetizing 45-year old wedding-present pan ! Ths one is shiney and new and a pleasure to take-with when going to pot-luck !
 Pan is made very well . Love the cover , we use it to bake chicken . Its used at least 3 time a week .
 I wanted to replace an old cake pan , that was in horrible shape . Certainly not what you want to use if you have guests over , and now it was getting embarrassing to even serve a cake in it to my family ! I wanted to get something others thought of as high quality , and this one seemed to be what I was looking for , at a price I could afford . I am very happy with the quality of this cake pan , and I also really like the lid , to help keep it fresh , and it is great if you need to take your cake somewhere . I have a feeling I will be using this cake pan for many years.My one question is , does anybody know of a good cake cutter , that will cut through the cake , but not through the pan , and leave ugly marks ? I would sure love to find such a thing , if it exists ?
 I could n't be more pleased with this pan . It appears to be just like the one my mother had when I was growing up . Seems sturdy , and I certainly would n't say it 's flimsy.I have had no problems with sharp edges or getting cut like another reviewer mentioned , and I 've made dozens of cakes , cookie bars , brownies ... even made drop cookies using the lid as a spare cookie sheet.The aluminum lid is also great because when I make a refrigerated dessert , it can go in the cold box and other things can be stacked on top of it without smashing what 's inside .
 Great cake pansGreat transaction with fast shipping.Always a pleasure doing business through Amazon .
 My wife has been looking for these Covered Cake Pans everywhere she goes , with no luck . Her old ones have just wore out , and we use them all the time . Not just for cake either , they are great for outdoor cooking on the grill as well as storage for food that needs to stay warm until serving , just load one up and pop it in a warm oven . Foods do n't dry out and stay hot until you need them . I 'm just glad I found these pans , now I 'm her hero .
 My mom was trying to locate a new metal pan as her 's started leaking through small pin holes . She has had this pan for 30 plus years . I found this pan and she loves it as it is just like the one she had to throw away . The only thing she does not like about the pan is the cover . It is a loose fit as the cover does not snap tight.I gave 4 stars due to the loose cover . I do highly recommend this pan .
 I ordered a dozen of these pans to use for an event . They worked great . The lids are a little hard to work with but I did n't need them for this purpose . The biggest drawback was that I could n't stack the pans inside of each other . They became stuck together and it took awhile to work them back apart . If you are buying only one then this would n't be an issue.I would buy this product again . Even heat distribution , excellent depth and food did n't stick as long as I used oil and flour on the pan first .
 I used to have a pan like this that got lost ! I used it for about twenty years and I hope to use this one for just as long if not longer . The cover fits tight and keeps the cake fresh and moist . I also use it to make cornbread and other dishes besides cakes and brownies !
 I had been looking for a cake pan with a metal lid for awhile to replace my old one ... this is so great I ended up buying 3 and giving them away ... you wo n't go wrong buying this . .
 I needed a new square baking pan . When reviewing the different pans , I decided it would be nice to have a pan with a lid . I think a metal lid will last longer than a plastic lid . The reason I gave this pan 4 stars instead of 5 is because the lid does not come off the pan as easily as a larger , lidded pan I have . Perhaps with use , it will come off a little easier . However , the pan worked well when I baked with it , and the lid kept the cornbread fresh .
 This is a great pan for smaller families . It heats evenly and good for transporting and/or storing food overnight . A perfect brownie pan .
 I am a huge fan of Nordic Ware and this square pan is no exception ! It bakes everything perfectly .
 Good for everything you can think of , I love it especially with its fitted cover , which you may also have many uses for .
 It is a good pan . Not as heavy as I would like but it will work okay .
 I just got the pan and made a batch of brownies . My brownies cooked perfectly even and they come clean . I used Pam Bake spray on the pan . The lid may be tricky for some -LRB- it was a bit complicated for my husband -RRB- , but I did not struggle with this . The lid attaches and is secure . My brownies appear to be storing well and I love Nordic Ware in general for baking products . This product is American made and so far it appears to be a quality product .
 Worked as expected . Able to bake and take . Solid product and would buy another product by the same company . American made .
 Tommy Hilfger had done it again making high quality bedding for all to enjoy . Go to bed with comfort , style , and class .
 -LRB- Repeat of review for companionStorage canister rectangular 7391O . -RRB- I 'm Italian and love to cook -- these canisters fit my kitchen perfectly . The exterior is gorgeous , and the interior has a clean satin finish that 's perfect for storing dry goods like nuts and grains . This smaller canister holds 12 oz . of popcorn , wheat germ or a single package of brown sugar.The lids are a finely-textured and understated black plastic , with a very smooth-functioning metal clasp . They come in two different designs and two different sizes ; I have both and highly recommend them .
 This is a heavy , quality server . I use it often as a covered skillet without the serving cradle and love it . Since it is stainless , it works well on my ceramic top range . -LRB- By the way , my friend used an aluminum skillet on her range top and it melted to the ceramic . When she tried to remove it , the ceramic cracked ! -RRB- Since it is not coated , it works well to sear meats at high heat . After I remove it from the heat source , the solid core bottom retains the heat . In addition , the lid fits snugly so it braises foods well . I am very happy that I added this to my set of cookware .
 i love this ! i ordered a few pieces of this collection to use when i have parties and it is perfect ! i love the size -LRB- not too big and not too small -RRB- , the look -LRB- looks like a million bucks for the fraction of the price -RRB- , and most of all , i love that it just warms up the food instead of overcooking them -LRB- like chafing dishes do -RRB- . this is a must for the entertainer .
 I love this buffet server . I bought two and am considering more ; another for me and extra for gifts . Extremely high quality with sturdy metal . High tech , expensive appearance at a great price . Cleaned up beautifully .
 I used my buffet server for the first time at my New Year 's party . I loved it . It went from oven to table and the pork roast remained warm throughout the evening . I am planning on buying another one . I wish Cuisinart made this buffet server for lasagna too !
 I love this product . I ordered it for a party and it was great . The food stayed warm and the product is pretty . I use the pan and lid without the base to take cookies and brownies to student receptions . The food stays fresh and maintains it 's orginal shape .
 Very nice buffet serving dish , used it for a holiday party and it was attractive on the table , holds more than you would think .
 I bough three sizes
 I got this couple days ago . It is so pretty !! I test cooked some pasta dish lastnight using this and it turned out great . It 's heavy enough for heavy duty cooking but at the same time light enough for everday cooking . I have friends coming over for just get together party this weekend , ca n't wait to use it til then !
 This proved to be a great investment specially during the holidays . Worked great and kept the food warm . Did n't have to replace the tea light candles for the few hours I had it . The lid was a great addition and easy clean up was a nice bonus .
 I like the shape and material . It is so stylish.and so convenient to use.The burner is very nice too .
 As I have heard no complaints I suppose it met the requirements , and I 'm sure I would have heard if it had not been what was wanted ; -RRB-
 I absolutely love this item . I bought 2 and use them for catering . They work wonderfully well for Brie cheese service on a buffet set up
 I thought it was somewhat smaller than what i imagined but the quality and look makes up for this ! Would have liked to know what size -LRB- in terms of quart -RRB- it was though ! Ca n't wait to present this to my guests !!!
 I bought this for use at Thanksgiving when my family of about 20 gets together at my house . These worked perfectly for what I needed them for - which was serving large amounts of dishes and keeping them warm while I pull other things out of the oven and set the table . They look really nice as well . They are high quality/heavy duty and the set looks nice on the table together . I bought 2 other serving dishes that also match this set . I definitely recommend them .
 I got the round one as well . Both are very well made and attractive . I actually ordered 2 more . I am no longer worried about keeping things warm for parties or the holidays . Not sure why I waited so long to get them !
 This dish is absolutely perfect for my buffet parties . I receive so many compliments on how beautiful it is and more importantly , it keeps the food nice and warm . It 's a wonderful piece for the price .
 I used this last night at our family Christmas party , and it really dressed up the table . It kept the beer balls I prepared nice and warm too .
 Ordered this server for a holiday cocktail party and it worked great ! Was able to go from stovetop to table with the same pan and the two tea light candles kept the food suprisingly warm . Really good size in that it is not too large that it takes up a ton of room but you can fit a decent amount of food in it . Deep sides make it great for items with sauces and the lit helps to keep the heat in . Would definitely recommend this for the price - easy way to keep food warm and keep your party classy !
 I find the Cuisinart Stainless 11-inch round buffet server very classy and elegant . It is also a lifesaver when it comes to parties .
 These peel and stick perfectly ! Plus , you can remove them and rearrange them , without ruining the wall paint . A must-have for kids ' rooms everywhere !
 My son loves these wall appliques . He has decorated his entire bedroom wall and now it looks like a comic book .
 Used these wall stickers to decorate for a superhero birthday party - they looked great ! Very sticky but did not leave a residue when we took them down and moved them into the birthday boy 's bedroom . Unfortunately , while they went on our textured walls great , a lot of the appliques do n't * stay * on , and slowly peel off over time . However , this is not at all a deficiency of the product ! Our walls are heavily textured , so I was surprised they stuck at all and stayed in place for as long as they did . In my son 's room , some of them have n't moved at all in months , so if your walls are smooth or only slightly textured , these should work just fine.The range of sizes is pretty big - some of the decals are only about 2 '' in diameter , while others are 14 '' X 16 '' . We used two sets of Superman decals , this and a slightly different set , and between the two got good coverage in a standard 13 ' X 13 ' room .
 I have had this bed frame for 2 years now and have had no problems . It is sturdy and made of good quality materials . Assembly was also easy .
 I hope this current model is as good as the model I purchased two years ago -- it was the same `` Windy '' model . I was surprised to find a two-speed personal fan so strong . The one I got two years ago has lasted under a lot of use without a hitch . It 's relatively quiet , does not shake , and occupies about a five-inch cube of space , -LRB- 4 inches on the foot -RRB- which is what I needed for my desk situation . Going to buy another for home . I only wish they 'd have made it a bit more stylish , but it 's so functional I was willing to overlook that . The others are all good looking crap that burn out with moderate usage .
 This sign is displayed on the inside of my fence in the back yard . So many people have commented on it in a favorable way that I no longer leave it on the outside for fear of theft . It has fallen to the ground and landed on concrete pavers multiple times in high wind and has barely been scratched . The quality of the materials is great and it has not faded due to UV rays , yet ...
 The previous reviewer was disappointed because these were dobby striped rather than plain . After all `` dobby striped '' is nowhere in the discription . Granted , but when buying something called Distinctive Home 250TC Dobby Stripe Queen Cotton Sheet Set it 's safe to assume that they 're not plain.The five stars are because they live up to exactly what they claim to be
 I just love the purchased of the cast iron to cook cornbread . It is especially great with the two handles . You will not regret making this purchase . I am 100 % satisified .
 I love this item . It holds the heat . I cook with it in the oven , on the stove top and on the bbq , it 's a kitchen must have .
 This was wonderful - it made my cooking so much easier and faster ! One pan to make the dressing and it was fabulous !!
 I love this pan for cornbread . It comes out beautifully because it heats evenly . You need the two handles as the pan is heavy . Enjoy !!!!
 I usually buy 850 TC sateen sheets as I like very soft , very comfortable sheets . For $ 20 a set , I thought , what the heck , I 'd give these a try . They are very nice and soft . The color is n't perfect for my room and other bedding but i also bought a white set , and those are equally as nice . Spend $ 100 or $ 200 more for a set and you 'll have 5-star sheets . Spend $ 20 and get these ones , almost as good .
 Omg These are so dang cute ! I ca n't wait to try them out ! I used the top part as a ` cookie ' mold but I 'm gon na use the entire thing next time . : -RRB-
 This was a great purchase . The blue is a little darker than the picture . It is very heavy and well constructed . The kids love the blue toilet seat . The product came on time and the packaging was free of damages . This is very easy to install .
 Pros
 My grandkids love the stools and as soon as they opened the box for Christmas they said `` Our Stools '' ; took them right to the bathroom and got a drink of water . The kids are 4 & 3 years old . Wonderful gift .
 I got mine back in 1980 , and it served me well for many years of HEAVY use . You can get a freakish edge on these , I used to drop a cherry tomato and get a clean cut with a midair whack.A knife that 's ALMOST sharp-bats the tomato across the room . No other cook I worked with ever had a blade that could do the clean midair slice . That is a few notches beyond shaving sharp . I also could use it like a cleaver . . or a slicer ... or a fillet knife because it has some heft-yet not too much and because being very-very sharp can make a blade usable even beyond it 's usual role.Mine mysteriously vanished a year ago . . and now I 'm cooking again so will soon have a replacement-Fibrox this time . If I was just getting a `` home '' Knife . . likely would go Rosewood and would consider a 8 '' . In a commercial kitchen where you whack up things by the case - a 10 '' is what you use and these are the standard.I recommend getting a Norton stone-specifically the fine India unless you have a good , large Arkansas . An electric sharpener or just a steel wo n't let you get the best from this.Forged is fine for a nice `` at home '' Knife . On the job . . they are too heavy and slow you down . You will have a hard time abusing a Forschner enough to ruin it . Quite durable . Not at all expensive .
 I absolutely LOVE this knife !!! I am a bit of a nut about my chef 's knives and own many of them . During a simple task such as making a dinner salad , I might pull out and compare as many as six chef 's knives at a time.Let me just say that this is one of my favorites hands down . In all fairness , it is the most expensive 10 inch chef 's knife that I own but I regularly compare it side by side with my wusthoff classic 8 inch , my wusthof Ikon 8 inch , and my henckels international classic -LRB- still forged but made in spain -RRB- . Any of the above knives will amaze someone not used to fine cutlery but for some reason I rarely prepare a meal without reaching for my 10 inch forshcner rosewood chef 's knife.Out of the box , the thing is razor sharp -LRB- easily shaves arm hair -RRB- and stays that way for a long time . It takes just regular steeling -LRB- something anyone who loves their knives does often -RRB- to maintain that edge for a long time . When steeling does not bring it back -LRB- I have had mine for a year and this has not happened yet -RRB- it takes an edge with a few strokes on a good stone without any trouble at all -LRB- I did so even though it did not need it -RRB- . Useability
 I first learned about this knife a few years ago when I read a review in a magazine . Finally found it on Amazon and was very pleased with the results . We used it to carve our Thanksgiving turkey and it worked better than any knife I had . Only caution is that it is VERY SHARP ! - It is good looking , easy to handle and works very well for all your cutting needs . A great value for a product that could easily cost 2 or 3 times as much . A real professional knife that can be used by the average home cook .
 This is the best knife I have ever owned . It survived over twenty years in the restaurant biz and now hangs on a magnetic rack over my cutting board at home . I think I paid twenty-five bucks for it back in the late '70s . The knife takes anedge easily and holds it for quite some time . The rosewood handle and lack of bolster makes the `` choke up '' grip easy and comfortable .
 I 've had this knife for around a year , it 's still very sharp after a moderate amount of use . Still looks new . For the money it ca n't be beat .
 I read the reviews on Victorinox with many raving that it is almost as good as the high end knives . I decided to go for it and I 'm not the least disappointed in this knife .
 NOT THE TYPE HANDLE I LIKE . IT IS LARGER THAN MY OTHER CHEF KNIVES . THE THICKNESS OF THE BLADE THINNER ALSO .
 Im a cook and i was looking for a good chefs knife i was redy to spend up to 2 hundred Dollers when my bos recomended this blade and a coworker told me hese had his forschner for 10 years so i made up my mind and got it im glad i did the rosewood handels look good dam nice thay smell like wood not horse piss and thay feel rilly good in my hands a coworker after he mine he just had buy one a month has gone by and it needs a tuch up with a sharpening stone . Stop reeding and get it after u use it you will thank me .
 I 've had this for several months now and it still doing a great job slicing/dicing/chopping veggies and meats . I only hone it occasionally with matching rosewood sharpener . I ca n't imagine that more expensive knives can significantly do a better job .
 I have used this same knife at home for the past 33 years . It is well balanced and holds a beautiful edge . I wanted a knife for work so I purchased another and am so pleased . Compared to all the other brands that I have used , I prefer Victorinox .
 The poster is hard , durable posterboard and the perfect size . I was pleasantly surprised that the contrast quality of the picture is actually better than it looks on the website . This is one of my favorite pictures of Marilyn Monroe and I 'm happy to have a great replica on my wall .
 This was a gift which I had framed ; I was very pleased with the heavy weight of the print , and the quality of the image . The recipient was very pleased with the image , and appreciated the entire effect.The packaging was very effective for preserving the perfect condition of the print , and arrived in good time .
 Got this for my friend who is a Monroe fan and also a gym buff -- she loved itIt did come a little smushed though -- but after framing you could n't tell .
 This is my favorite poster that I own . It fits perfectly in a 28X22 picture frame , the quality is great , and it is awesome to look at .
 I am a gym manager and wanted this picture for my office . I had orginally tried to order this poster from another vendor months ago and had so many problems it turned into being a giant nightmare . I ordered this poster again , from this vendor , in hopes of a better outcome . The shipping was so fast , I ordered it one day and had it the next day . I was amazed ! Now the poster is in my office and everyone who comes in has commented on it and how much the like it too .
 In a second hand store in Brattleboro I saw this photo of Marilyn Monroe lifting small weights . It was taken by Philippe Halsman in 1952 and I was surprised I 'd never seen it . I asked the shop keeper how much they were asking for it . She said the owner of the booth - it had mostly vintage clothes - would n't sell it . We both expressed wonder that we had never seen the photo and how it was filled with pathos for this iconic woman , Playboy 's first centerfold , who died young after becoming the plaything of the rich and famous . Something of her look tells you she does n't just love lifting , but her looks are her ticket and she will do what she must.I went to Amazon and put in Marilyn Monroe - weights photo - and was delighted to find a link to a good , inexpensive print . I now have it in my studio alongside a photo of Babe Ruth and Ted Williams shaking hands while dressed in their Red Sox and Yankees jerseys . I did n't know they were ever in uniform at the same time . I never knew MM lifted . If you are of an age you will find this photo hugely evocative .
 Bought this poster for my wife . It came in a hard cardboard roll and was additionally wrapped with packing paper to prevent damage . It was in perfect condition . No scratches or bent edges . It looks great .
 Awesome Marilyn poster , my favorite ever . Great quality and received quickly . I adore it .
 this poster with marilyn monroe on a bench press is quite sweet , everyone at our gym soo loves it that i bought it as a gift for a friend who got a new house . should make a nice addition to his gym . i here tell she was a size 14 or 12 ... not a 2 ; -RRB-
 Worth every penny . I looked at literally hundreds of different clocks before settling for the Diana . I absolutely love the ambiance that it gives to our home . Definitely an heirloom for future generations .
 This hat looks just as it does in the picture . It was easy to fit to my head size and push into shape . The part that surprised me was how many people actually did kiss the cook !
 this hat is one size fits all - it works on my 3.5 year old daughter -LRB- just a tad large -RRB- and on my husband 's head -LRB- with room to spare -RRB- . it 's cute and worth the price for a little father 's day smile .
 Feel like I got my moneys worth already . Shipping was fast , vac looks and performs like new , and the cost was less than renting one for a few days . Actually I found the performance to be better than a `` mac daddy model '' bissell i borrowed a few months ago . The fact that this cleaner has a static brush instead of a beater bar was actually a plus in my case . The beater bar on the forementioned bisselhad little mercy on some of the worn sections of my aging carpet . I was also impressed with how quickly this vac dries the carpet after a hefty saturation . Perhaps I 'm being quick to judge , but my house smells great , carpet looks good -LRB- considering its age :-RRB- , and I feel like Amazon hooked me up with a good deal .
 This cleaner is great . I wanted one that had a separate container for the dirty water , and this model does . I was about to purchase the newer version , when I came across the reconditioned option . It was 1/2 the cost with free shipping . The company site offered a 1-yr replacement warranty for only -LSB- ... -RSB- . Together , I paid less than -LSB- ... -RSB- . It runs great and is easy to use . All you have to do is lower the handle to remove the dirty water container . Simply dump it out and rinse with clean water and maybe bleach . It really does clean and the carpet dries in a little over 1hr . It is very easy to assemble ; a bolt is provided to lock the handle in . Everything just snaps into place . I highly recommend it .
 I like the fact that there is no rolling brush on this steam cleaner . I have old carpet and the roller brushes always pull up strands of carpet . This cleaner gets up some stains but not all , due to the length of time the stains have been in the carpet . It is overall a good cleaner and it was very easy to put together and start to use . It is easy to use and works fairly well .
 This item worked well for the first run . It is reconditioned item but it is well worth a try . The carpet dried quicker than I thought . The water took buckets of dirty particles out of my carpet and now it is very nice . Simply , happiness . I did n't go for less than $ 100 retail model because it was n't flexible . # 1 , you can add a hose with this model . # 2 , amp is 7.2 . More amp is better suction power . Anyway , I saved some money on this . I hope it lasts for a while .
 This carpet cleaner is easy to use for all ages . It totally refreshed our bedroom and hall carpeting which is over 35 years old and only has had periodic cleaning . This cleaner is lightweight and I can refresh the carpets as often as I want . It 's great !
 i ordered a refurbished hoover steam vac and it is like new ! it works beautifully . more people should buy refurbished . it saves tons of money and it is just like a brand new product .
 A fantastic buy @ $ 50.00 ! Cleans the carpet better than most rentals.Pays for itself in two uses .
 This is a good but light weight vac . Does need a couple of passes but considering it 's size and weight , and price it really does a good job as we need it to do for a small place .
 This hoover vacuum and steam cleaner is just simply great , it has saved me a lot of time and money from having to pay professional steam cleaners to clean my carpets or floors . I use the steam cleaner for floors and it just cleans them spotless , my carpet looks professionaly done and looks good and smells good and looks new after giving it a clean , this vac / steam cleaner also shows you the dirt , grime , and other nastyness in your carpet that is going on to show you that it is working ! It is very easy to clean and maintain the parts on . whats great to is when i start i can vacuum first and then start steaming for extra cleaning of carpets which makes it easier and convenient and i reduce the embarrassment of foul carpet odors and a dingy carpet look ! this was worth every penny and it still is going strong the day i bought it ! I highly reccomend !
 All in all its a good carpet cleaner , not as powerful as the ones you rent but it does the job , totally worth the price I paid . Definatley a must if you live in a rental and have pets it saves alot of money down the road .
 This carpet cleaner works beautifully . My carpets never looked so good !! I was hesitant to buy a reconditioned machine , but my fears were laid to rest immediately.Anyone looking to buy a carpet cleaner should look into this option first . I highlyrecommend it .
 good working item gets the dirt out good for when you have pets , very satified , and would recomemend this item to anybody .
 I am so happy I bought this incredible machine . I was skeptical at first because of the low price and the fact that it was reconditioned . It is in perfect condition and does such a great job on my carpets . I am completely satisfied with both the product and the company it came from . I would highly encourage folks who are thinking about buying this to do so . You will not regret it .
 I love this Steam cleaner so much I am going to order another one . I have 3 cats and they shed like crazy . This cleaner is easy to handle and use and it does a good job . The carpet dries fast after you use it . I got one for myself , and loaned it to my daughter , she loves it too so I am going to get one for her . I have little Granddaughters and it is a good feeling when you are confident the carpet is clean and smells good too !
 This was a factory refurb unit and I was very pleased with it and how well it cleans.Works great , and easy to use also .
 You ca n't beat the price if comparing the rental cost of a carpet cleaner . After two uses , it pays for itself . It does a good job of cleaning the carpet compare to the rental . The reason I give it 4 stars because I would like rotating brushes .
 I Bought these travel coffee mugs for my husband for Christmas and he LOVES them !! they not only keep things HOT for a while but if you plug them in they will bring whatever 's in them back up to temp in about 20 mins !! my husband has one at home and one at work . it works fabulously for him to have 2 !!
 I had a drawer that fell everytime you pulled it out - very irritating . I purchased a drawer rail at home depot , and it was a left side rail which did not work . I purchased this through Amazon to avoid the hassle of looking at the store . Now my drawer works great . No complaints .
 Not only are these 100 % cotton sheets soft , but they add so much to the look of the bedding set . They were purchased for our new house and though still in the package unused , unwashed , no laundry softener yet , they feel really nice .
 We bought these to make chocolate frogs for a unit we did on the Harry Potter books . They are detailed and not cartoonish like some of the others I 've seen . Alot of fun and we have made more since finishing our unit . The reason I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it is a plastic mold and not dishwasher safe . So , not convienent and extra care is needed . Still a great product .
 I bought this specifically for a Harry Potter themed birthday party . We poured in melted green candy first then finished off with melted chocolate , making the chocolate frogs ! they were amazing . . they actually looked like real frogs with the green on top . I def recommend this !! Buy two to make faster !
 Bought these to a whim so I vould make candy molds in the shape of frogs , put rice crispies in them now I call them crunchy frog . -LRB- nudge nudge know what I mean -RRB-
 We got these for a Harry Potter themed party I threw . Perfect chocolate frogs with realistic detail on the frogs back . I had green vanilla chocolate melts left over from Halloween , melted the chocolate , filled the molds and set them aside on the counter for about 5 minutes and they were set . The frogs slid right out of the molds . Next time I use them I 'm going to fill them will green chocolate and a raspberry or strawberry jelly.I agree with the previous reviewer and gave them 4 stars for not being dishwasher safe .
 the molding was very cute , but the form was flimsy . I made the regrettable mistake of trying to machine wash it due to there being a big sticker price tag affixed to it which left residue I had to remove with goo gone . The form warped in the wash -LRB- I imagine it is not reccomended , so I do n't blame the product -RRB- but I was able to bend the form so it will lay mostly flat . In all , a good form with cute molding but really should be made of stiffer stuff . Also , seller should not affix price tags with glue to the mold .
 Thanks for your great service ! The Waterford Newgrange china plate arrived in good time and in perfect condition . I am glad to do business with private parties rather than from a chain store .
 I was so sick of having to throw out produce , that one day I came to Amazon and put the words ` produce saver ' in the search box . That 's how I found Fresh Vac . I not only bought this set of three round ones , but also a set of three rectangular ones.The small ones do n't seem to keep the air out as well . The other two are wonderful and useful . I especially love them for strawberries and tomatoes , which tend to go bad quickly.I only use them for produce , and wash both the lid and bottom by hand . I have had them for some time now , over a year . They work as well now as they did when I first got them . I think they are a great investment ! I definitely throw less produce away now.I think they are a great invention ! Definitely worth the price !
 These chargers are beautiful.All my friends loved them.They can also be used as platters.We used them to put fruit and cakes around a chocolate fountain
 I purchased one set around the beginning of February . When they arrived , I was amazed at the weight . They 're definitely sturdy plates.The plates come shipped in their own individual boxes , so one set could potentially make two great gifts.I ended up purchasing several more sets as the price kept dropping -LRB- the most recent price being $ 7.76 for two beautiful serving plates . They will make tremendous donations for our local Hospice 's silent auction.I have personally never used ` charger ' plates , but as serving plates , they are a nice size . They are also pretty enough to display in a plate stand.Bottom line
 These plates are certainly worth the money . Beautiful and useful for entertaining or just for a special family occasion . I have used one for a cake plate and got many compliments . Ca n't beat the price .
 I got these plates about two months ago and I was really amazed at how beautiful and elegant these plates are , infact i just used these plates to serve snacks to some of my guests , they made a lovely conversation piece.What I do n't like about these plates is that if you look well enough into them they are not even around the sides , which does not take the value out of its beautiful pattern at all , I would recommend that you buy these to use as cake plates , or serve those wonderful treats , really impressing that I went back online and order the smaller set , however although these were also lovely , they did not come close to the larger ones that I had bought previous to the smaller ones , they are so elegant !!
 I got these the other day for $ 8.99 during the lightning deal . I was skeptical about their quality since they were so cheap , but I read the other good reviews so I decided it was worth a try for the price . I got them today and I am very surprised at how nice they are ! They 're heavy and very nice looking as well . I am very pleased with them and may order more for gifts !
 I wish I had batteries in my little flip video thingee - I would take picture of these to show you . They 're FABULOUS ! they are just so pretty - they looks elegant under my fine china and they kicks my pfaltzgraf up a notch ! I can imagine sitting them around with cookies during the holidays . . I ca n't wait to use them ! I ordered 8 when they were on sale for 2 for 10 and I 'm sooo glad i did ! An impulse buy that paid off !
 At this price ... and with the quality of this product being so high ... everyone needs at leasta few of these plates . They would look good on the fanciest of tables ... yet work just as well with a bunch of munchies loaded on them for an afternoon football game . As a gift item , they would be welcomed by anyone . Buy a few today .
 I purchased this set because the price was great , figuring if it 's junk it would n't be a big loss . Wow ! I was so happy when I saw these ! They are very pretty and make great serving pieces ! I receive compliments about how pretty they look . They are also great for any holiday or occasion , since they really go with anything !
 These are nice enough , but I do n't think I would pay more than $ 10 - $ 15 tops for a set of 2 -- certainly not the ridiculously inflated `` list '' price of $ 75 ! They earn 4 stars only because of the low price I paid -LRB- less than $ 9 for the set -RRB- ; otherwise , they are really only about a 3-star quality . They are pretty enough , serviceable , and seem fairly sturdy , but they are just fairly ordinary glassware .
 This will make a great gift for the bakers in your world . Bought it specifically to present a 10 '' cheesecake on , it 's tough to find a nice plate without a `` lip '' to mess up the presentation . Received the set of two and gave one to my buddy who also needed one . Very fine detail , and will not detract from the beauty of the cake you are serving !
 Very nice to use as a table centerpiece ; like for candles , fruit , etc. . Good for the price .
 I have searched for quite some time for chargers that would go with my dishes . I only use clear glass dishes so it was a delight to find these . My dishes are from varying manufacturers , some antique and some just ones I could n't resist . The chargers are beautiful with all of them and I could n't be more pleased . An excellent buy AND a beautiful addition to my table .
 I bought these plates for $ 8.99 on the lightning deal and wish I could have bought 3 or 4 sets ! They are gorgeous plates and make wonderful gift givers ~ just throw a cheesecake or a black forest cake on there and it would be beautiful . I 've paid $ 4.00 for a plastic serving plate that was n't near as nice . I 'm hoping to see these go on another lightning deal so I can pick up more . You wo n't be disappointed in these . They are great !
 I was extremely impressed with this set . I decided to get rid of all the cook and table ware in our home that was made in china after doing a lead test on our breakfast set . These glass plates are made in Germany , beautifully molded and have a nice weight . They have gone in the dishwasher and come out fine . the make is so impressive I have decided to order the other rumba pieces to complete the set .
 This is my first Vornado purchase . I just found about about this brand from a person in my office . She had a smaller unit , but also a smaller office , and it worked very well on the lowest speed.This thing is _ heavy _ . It feels very well constructed , and not at all `` chintzy '' like the usual $ 20 fans . On the lowest speed it 's amazingly quiet from ~ 5 feet away.The only thing I dislike is the noise generated by the middle and high speeds -- but that 's really rather a non-issue , as it 's perfectly capable of circulating the air in an entire 10 x 10 room on the low setting.As my coworker put it , it 's an `` air circulator '' moreso than a fan ; you do n't point it directly at you . Rather , angle it somewhere else in the room , from a bit away , and the entire room gets a nice , gentle breeze . I was quite skeptical of this idea , thanks to all the inefficient , cheap fans I 've purchased over the years , but this idea WORKS . I stay cooler throughout the day -- and my papers are n't constantly blowing off my desk Neat!Overall I 'm very happy with this purchase , and would recommend others to consider this over a cheap fan you 'll be replacing in a year once again.This is n't cheap , but I feel I received very good value for the money spent overall .
 I live in an apartment with a window-unit air conditioner , so feeling the cool air can be a bit of a problem . That 's where the Vornado comes in . This item is so powerful that it actually CIRCULATES -LRB- not just fans -RRB- air around the room ; you can feel a nice breeze wherever you 're sitting ! Because of this effect , two things happen when you have your air conditioning on :1 -RRB- You can set the thermostat at a higher temperature and the room will actually be cooler than it would be if you did n't have the Vornado and if you had the thermostat set lower ! 2 -RRB- The Vornado circulates the cool air all over the room , so it effectively turns a window unit into a powerful central air unit!The last tenant who lived in my apartment had a $ 60 electric bill for May last year ... mine was $ 30 . While he had to set the thermostat to 68 to feel the air conditioning , I can set it to 75 and still feel the same effect WITH a cool breeze ... all because of the Vornado!The unit is barely audible on its lowest setting and about as loud as a window unit air conditioner on the highest setting . But do n't let this deter you . Even on the lowest setting , you can still feel a difference .
 I now have two of these -- one in my bedroom , one in my office . I have them running constantly in air conditioned rooms because the movement of air makes the rooms seem significantly cooler . Well made , quiet -LRB- not silent -RRB- , good value .
 I 've had the old classic 210 with variable speed for five or six years to circulate window air conditioning in my big L-shaped living room . I 'm buying this one to blow cool air from one bedroom to another at night so I do n't have to carry the other one around when I go to bed . This one is virtually identical to the 210 , except it 's 3 speed and only has 3 positions . But I have finally figured out that I do n't need to pay infinitely variable speed or infinite positioning.The west side of my living room can reach 110 degrees or more in the afternoons . The only window I can put an A/C in faces the other side of the room . So I put the Vornado on the floor near the A/C and aim it so that the compact air stream hits the stream of air from the A/C and blows it to the hot end of the room . I 'm astonished at how well this works . The rest of the year , when I 'm not using the A/C , I use it like a ceiling fan by aiming it straight up . This baby really can throw air all over the place in a compact stream . They 're right when they call it an air circulator . On low pointing it directly at yourself is OK , but because of the narrow air stream it works best pointed at the ceiling or a nearby wall to cool you indirectly.It 's very , very quiet at low settings . At medium it sounds like any fan ; at high it is about as loud as any average fan at its high setting . But you only need it on high when you 're really trying to move a lot of air quickly.Vornado fans are worth every penny . Not many products actually live up to their hype , but this one does . I ca n't wait to get the new one .
 This Vornado air circulator is my 7th , although 3 of them now reside with my adult children who refused to give them up after using them in college dorms . I 've purchased all different sizes , and they all perform excellently - the oldest 2 were purchased in 1995 and are still going strong . If you want to maximize the performance of these units , follow the manufacturer 's instructions as to how to position them to circulate the air , depending on the time of year . There is no need to have them blowing or oscillating directly on you if you follow instructions . The cost is well worth it , as cheaper fans do n't perform as well , and usually die within a couple of years .
 On high , this fan is like a wind cannon . I can feel the breeze 40 feet away . On low , it creates a nice breeze and is quiet too . I also like that it is compact . A much better choice then a box fan .
 I own 6 vornado 's , 4 different models , including this one . My two oldest are 8-10 years old and still running strong . Great for circulating air all over the house . Only fan I would own , worth the price
 I never ever write consumer reviews . EVER . But this thing came in 2 days with free shipping , it 's whisper quiet and it WORKS LIKE IT SAYS IT DOES . And it 's actually assembled in America . Worth the money .
 Was looking to replace an inexpensive fan that simply was too loud on high speed to let us sleep . Once the sun goes down it cools outside but not in the house and we are used to it cooler in order to sleep well . The Vornado can be run on high which really moves the air but does so fairly quietly -LRB- you could say very quiet in the city and in the next room quiet in a rural setting -RRB- . Owning a Vornado heater I already knew to expect quality construction and was n't disappointed . A nice feature built into the design is the ability to point the fan level , at an angle , or straight up without any moving parts to shake loose -- it is all in the design of the base.Bottom line ; three speeds , really moves the air on high , is quieter at all speeds than any other fan I 've seen , and is well designed .
 I am amazed that this small air circulator had really kept my small house cool this summer . I have other fans in different areas of the house and none of them can do the job of the Vornado . I would highly recommend it . MDH
 The vornado really is a fantastic air circulator . During summer or winter I use it to either blow cool air around or hot , to cover my whole studio apartment . It feels very sturdy , and although I have n't tried to clean it , looks like it is probably fairly straight-forward from the instructions .
 I must say I was thinking this is just like any other fan 's just with a biger price !!!! I was wrong !! this fan works great and worth the $ $ $ .
 I purchased this fan to circulate the cool air from our basement to the first floor of our home in the summer months , and to push the warm air of our wood burning stove in the basement to the first floor of our home in the winter months and it has performed exceptionally well . I have used this fan for several months now . I use the fan on the medium setting , level 2 out of 3 , which is more than adequate . While the fan certainly is n't silent , even at it 's highest setting the noise is not exceptionally loud , it 's a fan . This fan is worth the money and you get what you pay for .
 This fan does what it says it will do . I have been able to turn my room air conditioner down to low -LRB- even through this horrible heat wave -RRB- as long as the Vornado is running . AND I have never had to turn it on above low ! It is the quietest fan I have ever owned .
 Its powerful and on low and medium is quiet and moves the air around . On high it can be heard but is tolerable . For our use we seldom use the highest speed . ITS A GREAT FAN .
 My husband and I really like this fan . It 's quiet and very powerful . We do n't even need the air conditioning on most times . Very portable so can be taken from room to room as needed .
 I do n't know what other reviewers call LOUD , but this is the quietest fan I have ever owned . Mine is now about 15 years old , and still going like the day it was purchased.For awhile it was kept in a vacation home in MI where the summer temps can be well into 90 's + . Our living/family room had no ceiling fixtures at all , so I needed a fan that you could tilt upward like a hassock fan of the old days -LRB- 1940 's -RRB- . Not being able to find one of those , Vornado was my next try & I was astounded . Many days it felt like the AC was on.I even bought 2 floor-stand Vornado 's for my 97 y/o mother 's condo . Now her AC does n't need to be on highest setting to get relief from the summer heat , as she has very tall windows facing the lake . And when it gets hot in Chicago , it 's HOT.This fan is my remedy for those days when it is just a little too warm in the house , but not hot enough to turn on the AC.I agree - it 's a little weird that HI Speed is the 1st setting , but that is a minor complaint compared to what this fan delivers . I love mine .
 We wanted a small yet reliable fan we could move from room to room . This Vornado is perfect . The base is versatile , allowing us to aim it up at the ceiling , at an angle or level with the floor . On high it does make a little noise but it is so powerful we have only used it on low . I would certainly recommend it .
 Yeah , it keeps the air moving so we need less air conditioning . We are happy with it . DO
 Sent to daughter in San Diego since they do n't have air conditioning . She lives in a little house by the beach and on even fairly warm days her little house gets hot . She said this works well but is pretty noisy when it is on high .
 This is the best fan I 've ever owned.On the low setting , you ca n't even tell this bad boy is on . On the high setting it is loud , but it cycles air like a champ.I have a small apt and this fan keeps the air circulating like a champ.Love it . Vornado is the fan to buy . Total greatness .
 I AM RE-WRITING THIS REVIEW . I HAVE OWNED THIS FAN FOR MORE THAN A COUPLE OF MONTHS . IT IS A VERY NICE QUIET FAN THAT BLOWS ALOT OF AIRFOR ITS SIZE . I THINK ITS A GOOD PURCHASE .
 Great air circulator ! You can feel an immediate and very pleasant difference ! Worth the price . I have bought two as family gifts and plan to get a third for myself .
 I agree Vornado fans are not made as they used to be ~ 10 years ago , but I think they are still one of the best on the market.This fan worked well , but it would make the entire house smell like burning plastic . So I returned the first and am breaking in the second one now , luckily no smell yet . Hope it stays that way !
 I did not receive this item and it quit working after a week ! -LRB- As so many 1 or 2 star reviews say ! -RRB- I was satisfied -LRB- but not beyond that -RRB- with how it simply moved air around in the room ; no windows open , no a/c or heat . For that use alone I was thinking `` I wish I only paid about $ 50 for this . '' -LRB- C - -RRB- BUT ... when I used it close to a open window ; when I used it close to an air conditioning vent , WOW ! By an a/c vent I 've coined the term `` TURBO A/C '' ! When a mid-sized room is at about 77-degrees , and it 's 55-degrees outside , place the fan near a window on ` high ' and that temperature will be equal within 10-15 minutes -LRB- longer on med , or low . -RRB- -LRB- A + -RRB- As to the noise level -LRB- again , in a mid-size room -RRB- you deffinately hear it on high , it really does n't drown anything out though . On medium you notice it from time-to-time in the background , and on low you 'll forget it 's even on -LRB- except for feeling the drafts throughout the room . -RRB- -LRB- B - -RRB- The off-high-med-low switch is on the very back of the unit and is n't overly convenient to get to ; that 'd be my only gripe.Good unit , worth what you 'll pay , and I 'm looking forward to a cool summer with my `` turbo a/c '' !
 I really like this fan . It is small , lightweight , easy to move around and pretty quiet . I have it positioned by a window when the AC is off , and move it near a vent with the AC on and it does seem to help .
 Please note this is on Vornados in general bases on an older modelMy brother collects , among other things , fans . He is quite proud of his 1950 's Vornados , running well after little maintenance . I bought a Vornado window fan in the late 1980 's for $ 150 . Yes , expensive , but worth every penny . I made a floor mount for it and it is great . I use it summer and winter , in windows and on floors , chairs etc. . Variable speed and quiet . They have a unique air distribution system which gives you better , nearly draftless coverage.We had heard that they had been bought by a Chinese firm but are now back under American company , perhaps the original family that had the company for several generations . They are nice looking as well . Go for quality , with my one caution in mind.One problem that keeps me from giving these products a 5 star is that my fan was not ball bearing and therefore should have 6 mo oiling -LRB- true for most fan motors -RRB- My fan 's oiling holes are difficult to impossible to get too , though there was no obvious info on regular oiling . True , the fan when almost 20 years before it gave me trouble ... --------------------- Despite that , I 've had no problems keeping it oiled , since it seized up on me one day , which could have ruined the motor . I hope that problem has been solved . There are ball bearing motors that will fit MY fan and my brother has been in motor repair for over 44 years and he could get it for me and put it in right , but they are pricey.The fan is nice but in many ways does n't match my 1950 's pedestal Emerson found in a dumpster . No one is picking that up easily ! But rewinding was over $ 250 ! Still worth the money .
 This fan is used to circulate air in a large bedroom with a vaulted ceiling . By placing it over an ac vent , it circulates air well . When used with a ceiling fan , it circulates cool air well . Works great on its own too . Has made the 95 + degree humid days and nights tolerable . Just bought a 2nd one for our LR . The High setting noise is tolerable .
 The first thing you 're thinking when you see this air circulator is that it is not cheap . And it is n't . But it is certainly worth it . I keep this fan in my bedroom -LRB- large with vaulted ceiling , faces west in the afternoon -RRB- . It does an outstanding job of moving air around and keeping the room feeling cool . There is no doubt that it has paid for itself in air conditioning savings in the two years I 've had it . Regarding quality and durability , I run this fan 24/7 for weeks at a time and it has never once given me a lick of trouble , or started to sound unbalanced.If you 're looking at this fan , maybe to upgrade from a small fan -LRB- which have their place ... this is not a fan -RRB- , do it . You get what you pay for , and this will not disappoint . Put a few feet out from the corner of a room and enjoy a nice , indirect breeze !
 The squiggly rails looked like a gimmick at first , but they really work . Compared to a standard straight rail fan , this one pushes a column of air much wider than its own blade . Enough to cool more peoples faces than an oscillating fan with a much smaller footprint . It is powerful and quiet . We are able to live without air conditioning much deeper into the summer so despite the high price , it will save you money in 1-2 summers .
 This thing really works ! Unlike every fan I 've ever owned before , this one gets the air in the whole room circulating ! Standing perpendicular to the air flow , several feet away , you can feel the air in the room moving all around you . It 's not excessively noisy either . I 'm very impressed ! This will come in handy during the hot summer months to help the air conditioner work less hard .
 For 60 + years I have own or been around Vornado Fans . The fan has changed over the years , but not the lasting good performance of this relabel fan . As a boy In 1957 we got A/C in our home in Dallas and the Vornado stayed . In Iowa we used them to move heat . In Israel I had to take a transformer for it to work with 220/50c . I just bought 2 new ones to replace two 1984 Vornado that past on at about the same time . I use them all year round to move air . The soft noise is very nice to sleep to .
 This fan -LRB- air circulator -RRB- is convenient to use and solidly built . It moves the air quite well and most importantly , it is QUIET . While there are certainly less expensive `` simple '' -LRB- i.e. no timer , non-oscillating etc -RRB- fans on the market , if you want a work-horse , this is a good one . We have 6 of them in our office areas . They have run non-stop for 2 years . We still ca n't hear the motor in any of them . We just bought 3 more for co-workers on another floor .
 Very nice it arrived promptly in perfect condition and man is it nice . it is quiet and circulates the air well
 Vornados are great fans - this one is as good as the other models I 've bought
 This is a great product for any room . It takes a while to get things going in a large room , but the results are pretty obvious . I 'm not sure it reduces your electric bill like they suggest , but it sure makes the room cooler .
 So used to window fans , I did n't know you could get such a powerful small fan . Does a great job .
 As we already had a smaller version of this , we knew is was a good purchase . The only thing I do not like , isthe base does not allow movement , -LRB- swivel up - down -RRB- you have to move the entire unit . The fan really helps ourair conditioner keep our double wide mobile home cool , in this Florida heat.MAJOR PLUS
 This little beauty works quietly and efficiently to move the air in a 12 x 18 bedroom . Previously , the cool air from the window A/C never seemed to make it to the far side of the room . Now , the comfort level is much better .
 I recently purchased the Vornado 733 B High-Velocity 3 speed fan for our upstairs to circulate the air upstairs . I am very pleased with the overall function of the fan . It is much quieter than I 'd hoped and really moves the air . I will be purchasing another for downstairs . I was afraid the 733 would be too large but it is perfect for the larger area I was covering . I 've purchased a lot of fans over the years and this by far is one of the best !
 Good fan , but a bit noisy on higher speeds . Only having 3 fixed angles to the base is a bit limiting . Overall I am happy with it .
 The Vornado is a very neat fan -LRB- or air circulator to be more precise -RRB- . If you use it as a fan -LRB- direct blowing at lowest setting -RRB- , it is very quiet , and as an air circulator -LRB- set at medium speed -RRB- it is still not too loud and can be quite powerful . I did have some problems setting it up for maximum performance . It is supposed to have uninterrupted space between itself and a wall and it can be quite a challenge in a small apartment like mine . However after setting up it permitted me to raise the AC temperature a few degrees higher with no impact on comfort . I would have to see my electricity bill to say whether the purchase was worth it in terms of electricty savings . The one thing that is kind of annoying is the speed dial , which is hard to reach .
 This fan does exactly what I 'd hoped , moves air quietly and has helped to even out the temperature and lower my heating bill !
 the fan is small and quiet . it blows a lot of air around ! the fan is very compact and fits any where . the low volume of noise means it does n't interrupt watching t.v. or listening to music .
 The Vornado fan does a great job of moving air and helps keep me feeling cool during the summer in Missouri . My house has central a/c but the cool air is not where I want it to be so this is a big help . The downside of this fan is that it is noisy , especially on the high setting . On the low setting it 's much quieter but I still have to turn it off when I use the phone.Vornado 733 Circulator Linen , 3 Speeds , Black , CR1-0070-06
 This fan does seem to work in that it cools down , or at least circulates air throughout the whole house , ours is 2400 sq ft. We do n't have split level air conditioning so have placed the Vornado pointing up the stairs to move cooler air to the first floor rooms , but we can feel gentle air movement more or less all over the house . Our air conditioner has trouble bringing the inside temp down to 77 F and would be more or less running constantly in order to do so when it is 100 F outside so we raise the temp to 78 to give the unit a break as then it would run intermittently . But now , with the Vornado 733 and a few other ordinary fans around the house we set the air at 79 F and it feels as cool and comfortable as before . -LRB- Just raising the temp from 77 to 79 appears to be a big break for an air conditioner that now runs a lot less during the day -RRB- ... . The sound this fan makes is easy to ignore on the low speed setting but medium and high settings we use only when not in the house , when perhaps gardening -LRB- in the shade -RRB- or out walking the dogs -LRB- in the early evening -RRB- and when we would like extra cool air moved upstairs ... I do n't think this fan will replace all ordinary fans but it is useful if you wish to direct a beam of air , perhaps along a hallway or up stairs , the angle shown being perfect for this .
 I LOVE this unit ! It 's called an air circulator and sure enough it does that - but it 's short-changing the product as a fan too since it 's far stronger and effective than most box fans I 've ever owned -LRB- even when the box fans are on high speed -RRB- - I have no idea what people are complaining about with regards to the * noise * - apparently they have never owned a box fan or stand fans or have forgotten the often high-pitched whirring noise they emanate - the vornado sounds no higher than an a/c unit when on full blast and quickly blends into background noise when you sleep . Even our 2 usually skittish cats walk around it and sleep only 10 feet away when it is on its highest setting ! We live in a 4 room basement apartment and already it has lowered the temp by at least 5 degrees -LRB- its breeze reaches the furthest corner of the 2nd room it is directed towards -RRB- - we find keeping it in the straight ahead position on the floor in the same room as the a/c the most effective thus far but we 've only owned it for 2 days and have n't experimented with a cross-draft effect near a window yet . It is light weight , sooo easy to carry and its compact design makes it truly portable . We bought a simple bathroom rug to place it on which has proven effective in reducing additional vibration noise on a vinyl floor . Already have advised family and friends to get one -LRB- 2 are in the process of buying one as I write this -RRB- . ****************** update april 2010
 I own 3 Vornado fans . The first was a small personal fan for my small apartment . Ran that thing 24/7 on low and was always impressed with the airflow . Moved to a larger place with multiple rooms and bought a larger full room Vornado.This fan is my third and if it lasts as long and functions as well as the other two I will be very happy . The low setting creates nice airflow and is very quiet on all 3 fans . The high speed setting is loud , but it really pushes the air.Vornado fans are sort of like Dyson vacuums . They are far more expensive . Some folks feel the price is all about a gimmick and it is n't worth the cost increase . I feel the price difference is worth it and recommend Vornado fans . I would n't have bought 3 different Vornados over the years if I did n't feel they were exceptional at what they do .
 Having read other reviews here at Amazon on this product , we decided to try this product . Our home has a large , open great room approximately 35 ' x 30 ' and 12 ' high ceilings . Our intent was to give this air circulator a try and if it works as well as other reviews said , we would buy a second one for the same room and point them in opposite directions . No need to buy a second one . The Vornado moves all of the air in the space unbelievably well . Since using the Vornado , we have been able to set our thermostat up by one degree in the summer and still stay comfortable . The unit pays for itself.As the Vornado website says , this product does not work like a conventional fan . If you stand in front of it , it does not feel like a high velocity fan . It 's not supposed to . It 's designed to circulate the air in large spaces , not fan the air directly in front of the unit.Overall , this is a great product . We will be purchasing additional -LRB- smaller -RRB- Vornados for the bedrooms .
 Like some other reviewers I already own 3 smaller Vornado fans which I bought years ago and they are still running just fine . I live in small condo apartment -LRB- 625 sq. ft. -RRB- and I 've been getting by fine running 1 air conditoner at a time with a box fan on the floor circulating the air . However , this summer has been so hot for so long and the box fan is not distributing the cool air efficiently between rooms these days . I received this fan yesterday and it was a hot and humid day . I almost hugged the UPS man delivering it . I got it in 2 business days even though it was free shipping - kudos to Amazon - that is such a great perk . I pulled it out of the box , unplugged my box fan and stationed this fan between the 2 rooms . In 1 hour the temperature in the entire apartment felt uniform . Later on I even had to pull on a heavier shirt - I was actually getting cold . I did not turn up my air conditioner , the temperature just got more even and my apartment no longer have hot or humid spots . I had it on the highest setting and at night my neighborhood is pretty quiet - the noise from the fan did not bother me at all - it was white noise to me and today is another hot day so I left it on for my 18 year old dog while I am here at work . Yes , it is an expensive fan but you do get your money 's worth in comfort as well as saving on your energy bills . Vornado 's website has this fan on sale right now - they are discontinuing this model but you will have to pay shipping -LRB- and it is a heavy fan -RRB- whereas here shipping is free . Either way , if you are looking for a reliable and strong fan -LRB- air circulator -RRB- , get this .
 Great for getting circulation in a room . Bit noisy at full speed but you can adjust and the best effect is produced , as the manufacturers recommend , by aiming the fan at a wall so the air currents bounce around . The customer service is outstanding - my experience is they provide thoughtful , thorough email replies within 24 hours .
 I think this is a great fan . It moves air very well and without much noise . I do have one complaint
 I highly recommend this air circulator ! I will never buy a regular fan again - this cools the entire room , whether you are running an air conditioner or not . It is quiet yet powerful , and definitely worth the extra money . Do not waste money on regular fans , which only have an effect if you are standing directly in front of them . You can feel a breeze from the Vornado no matter where you are standing ! It is making this summer bearable . I bought two , and another two for my parents !
 My 3rd Vornado , this large fan moves a lot of air even on its lowest setting . It has a compact footprint , is reasonably quiet but not as silent as central-air . The fan is much bigger than my older Vornado 233 , but does n't take much more floor space . It sits close to the ground , with the ability to face straight-up , parallel to the floor , or angle at 45-degrees . I 'm using this fan much like the diagram on the Vornado site , at the bottom of my 2-story foyer , aiming up at an angle to blend the air temperatures between the floors , which previously varied by 10 + degrees due to single-zone central-air , making for a chilly lower level and stuffy-warm upstairs.I set this fan up on a hot afternoon , checked that I could feel the flow of air up the stairs , and noticed that within 20-30 minutes , the temperature in the upstairs hallway had dropped substantially , and the A/C was running more , implying the air had been successfully blended , with the temperature downstairs rising and the temperature upstairs dropping.At about 20 feet away , I could distinctly feel the air flow with the fan set at `` low '' . The 100-ft advertised range of the fan seems believable.While still `` solid '' feeling , the construction does n't seem as heavy-duty as early Vornados . The fan blades seem less perfectly balanced , with some vibration -LRB- palpable by putting a hand on the casing -RRB- . Vornado apparently recognizes this and includes pads for using the fan on hard floors . The moving blades/air makes for a non-intrusive -LRB- but notable -RRB- white-noise that is louder than central-air at `` low '' . It gets annoyingly loud at the highest setting.Perhaps in response to criticism I 've seen in other Vornado reviews -LRB- which speculated on quality vs manufacturing in China -RRB- , this unit was marked as assembled in the USA . The manual includes cleaning directions now.I 've run this fan for many hours daily for two weeks now without problems . I 'll update this review if the unit develops problems.This Vornado is a great way to make a large space more comfortable in warm weather , and I expect it to reduce my home cooling costs . Recommended .
 Great fan ... . works perfectly in the office . Circulates plenty of air , without moving papers around in the office !
 I use two of these to help ventilate an art studio , and to stay cool at home with less A/C . They move a ton of air . The only down side is that they are a bit noisy , but I do n't know if that can be avoided when you 're moving so much air .
 It 's a good fan . I am impressed with its ability to shoot a ` beam ' of air a long distance and circulate air throughout an entire room . My disappointment was with all the reviews that raved about how quiet this thing is supposed to be . Several said that at low speed , it 's almost silent . Far from it . It 's not particularly loud compared to other fans , but it 's far from silent . There 's no mistaking that it 's on , even at low speed.Aside from falling short of the raving reviews about how quiet it is , its a quality fan that moves air very well .
 I am writing this after reading a few reviews of a very expensive `` bladeless '' fan , and am appalled at the thought of noise from a fan of which they speak , as we are very happy vornado owners , and have been for over 10 years - both of us thought it was worth leaving a review here ... We have a small and a larger one . The larger , we 've had for ten years . It has only been cleaned once , which we needed to do after an aquarium fire . I thought it may need oiling as I had never done it , their site warns you that it has a sealed motor which never needs oiling . Great for our dogs if they start to pant , we turn it on them and it cradles them to sleep.Both are quiet , in fact I have the tv on mute as I am typing this and all I hear from the small one now blowing on me is air , no hum as I have heard about from other `` 300 dollar '' fans . We keep the 12 inch one downstairs , and take it outside now and again , to keep mosquitoes off of us . It takes up barely any space , and even though we have ceiling fans , the 12 inch vornado is all we both need in our lazyboys.The large one has traveled with us onstage -LRB- we sing -RRB- as well , most musicians I have turned it to have gone after the same unit , as it has an amazing ability to hit you with a direct breeze from many feet away , and it does n't send through to amps , wires and such , any hum at all . I can relay the look of relief from a hot stage they 've sent my way when pointing it on them . That 's why it 's the musicians choice , especially during recording.The larger one we have has also been in our bedroom for roughly 10 years , every night , we 've never turned it on high , never needed to . It is quiet as well , and my lady is a light sleeper , it does n't bother either of us.If you 're in the market for a fan , I can swear by this product , once you buy one you will never need another one unless you have another area in your home or workplace and do n't want to keep toting this around with you - after you have one , we 're 100 % SURE you 'll know the satisfaction we have experienced as well . A completely solid investment , I tell friends about the vornado fans for a reason - pure quality , and nothing but .
 Recently purchased the Vornado 733B circulator . It is very quiet and does move the air well . It is useful to direct the air straight up so the air at the top of the room is forced down . I recommend it .
 I 've had vornado fans for approx 18 years and only had to replace one . I use them year round . They are truly worth the investment .
 I use this to push air down from my vaulted ceiling ... this fan has been running 24/7 since it arrived!It is quiet enough ... and certainly powerful enough to circulate the air even on low speed .
 This product works exactly as advertised . I directed it into the corner of a large living room , and it made a tremendous difference in the Summer . -LRB- I live in Southern California -RRB- . I would leave the house , shot down the AC , but leave the fan running . By the time I returned , the house was certainly hot , but significantly cooler than it used to be before I purchased this item .
 Our office is normally very uneven with heating and cooling . One office is cool , the rest are hot . We used this to pull air over the top of our cubicles to provide a more comfortable work environment for all . This product accomplished this .
 Solid build . Fan is quite enough to sleep with even on high . My only complaint is it does not move as much air as i thought a $ 100 fan would . Overall i am satisfied . It does what it 'S designed to do .
 This Vornado is a large size fan -LRB- air circulator as Vornado likes to call it -RRB- . The best way to use this is to draw cool air in or out of the room by creating a vacuum near a window or door.Also , it evenly cools the room by keeping a small breeze which makes it immediately feel a few degrees lower than still air.This can be run near air conditioners or heaters to more evenly distribute the hot/cold air so people do n't need to sit right by the heater or AC to feel the effects.If you 'll notice , this fan does not have a pole stand nor does it swivel . As such , it is not meant to point directly at people . It 's purpose to point in the general direction for cooling or as an air circulator.Pros : - Moves a lot of air - Very durable - Quiet for size/amount of air movement - Pleasing to look atCons : - No timer - Does not rotateOverall : - After using this for several months including summer and winter , I am highly pleased with it and would highly recommend it to everyone . For the amount of air it moves , it is very quiet and does the job well .
 Great product - moves a decent amount of air , and the ` vortex ' design does seem to make it less like a wind-tunnel , and more whole-room . I would recommend this unit over the smaller models . . the footprint is n't that much bigger -LRB- about 1 cubic foot -RRB- and the angled nature works well from the floor.As to the noise - it 's not ` whisper quiet ' - how could it be when it is moving blades ?! On the lowest setting , it 's barely audible and the air moved is pretty good . It 's hot right now so i use it on speed 2 - a bit noisy but i usually have music on or whatever . Top speed is crazy loud but crazy strong too - so probably not something you would put in a bedroom anyway . At least the noise is consistent -LRB- c.f. pink noise -RRB- so i do n't find it annoying.Good product - I recommended getting one .
 I bought this fan 8 years ago and it still is working perfectly . Since then we 've purchased about 8 other fans -LRB- we have window air conditioners and try to move the air around -RRB- but none have come close to doing the job the Vornado does . It is much quieter and forceful and durable than the others . It costs more but it delivers . There are times I 've wished for a setting below the lowest and times I 've wished it had a few more positions , but almost always a slight angling does the trick . I 've also wished they were more readily available in stores . I suspect most people give them a pass because of the cost , but I 've regretted every time I 've bought another fan . So after buying a good name-brand fan -LRB- larger than this one -RRB- that is noisier and does n't move the air as well , I 'm ordering a Vornado .
 This is my second Vornado this summer . It is very powerful . Easy to use right out of the box . Very steady in the different positions . My apartment tends to collect hot air like a pocket , and these air circulators undo that problem . It is extremely quiet on the low speed.No assembly needed . No metal to cut my pets . Lightweight , easy hand grip for moving , very sturdy.I have one in the bedroom and one in the living room and am totally pleased .
 The Vornado 733B is an excellent fan . However , I wanted and bought the Vornado 735C which is the exact same fan but in Tan not Black -LRB- less ugly -RRB- and with 5 speeds instead of 3 so that one can further fine tune the output and noise level - for an extra $ 10 . Well worth the extra $ 10 . The 735C is not currently available from Amazon or it 's current vendors but it is available at -LSB- ... -RSB- . They currently offer a 10 % discount and free shipping on orders over $ 60 . Amazon is the best and they do n't seem to mind if good customers share options or better deals outside of their fence in our reviews . Hope to see the Vornado 735C available on Amazon soon .
 There are 3 settings for the fan . Got 2 and they are easy to carry and transfer to another room.The fan is strong and indeed able to circulate and regulate the room temperature.The 3 settings allows me to use as a normal fan , room circulator and is useful to cool down a room as well as dry up a wet floor immediately!Used them for close to a month . Bad points are that i am not sure how clean the fan and it 's rather noisy at setting 2 and 3 .
 This is my 3rd Vornado Fan.All the others are still working , but I wanted this one for my 20 X 30 Ft. Livingroom.When this fan is on in the living room , it will start turning my ceiling fan.My ceiling is a 15 Ft. high pitch ceiling . These are Circulating fans . Not meant to be hitting you in the face with the air.We used it all summer , and it kept not only the living room cooled off , but alsothe dinning room , and the kitchen a bit . -LRB- I have a open kitchen -RRB- . When it got really hot in the late afternoon , we did turn the central air on.Then at night , turn the central air off , open the windows , turn on the Vornado again , and it circulated all the hot air out in about a hour , the house was cool . . I have bought other fans that look like the Vornado , but they do notwork like the Vornado does . I have throw the other fans out.In the bedroom , I put a smaller one on the highboy dresser , Ame it at the wall , and it circulates the whole room.I turn this fan on Medium.Its quiteTwo thumbs up . This is the only Fan we would buy .
 I have multiple of these fans now and have to say that I am impressed . I was a little worried about how effective this product would be at the price but I took plunge ! After reading an in-depth review on Vornado 733b at geekmontage , I was instantly sold . This fan does n't help every room but it does n't , no fan will . I recommend this fan to anyone . Try it out ! You 'll be impressed .
 I got this fan for the waiting room in my office . I think it does a reasonably good job of circulating the air in the room . However , we need to keep it on the lowest setting , as the higher settings are too noisy .
 This is my second Vornado , the first one is at least 10 years old and still going strong . This past summer it was quite hot and we needed some extra circulation capabilities to help with the AC . This model is the closest to what we 've had all these years , and so that made for an easy choice.If you have n't experienced a Vornado it 's hard to understand just how well they can recirculate . You might even be tempted to believe that like with typical room fans you will need several , but one at each end of the house to mix the air does the trick . Some have mentioned noise at medium and high speed but that is n't really an issue as we typically run it at low speed and that is very quiet.All in all , the money spent on a Vornado is well worth it .
 Vornado 733B Full-size Whole Room Air Circulator , well what can I say about this , to be honest there is nothing to say , its a vornado enough said , if you never had one and you need a good fan , you do n't know what you are missing .
 This fan blows really well . I love it . works great for us in our kitchen . the highest setting blows really far , but I rarely ever have to use it . always on the medium setting !
 This is the finest fan we have in house . We have a smaller version and liked it very much however the larger fan has exceeded our expectations . It circulates the air without hitting one in the face . Love it . Highly recommended . Plan to get another one for a different area of the house soon .
 This one moves a lot of air , and keeps the entire room cool . I may buy another one of these , or similar . Vornado is a really good fan brand , I will definitely be buying more from them .
 Vornado is an amazing company ! Although much pricier than the other fans , it is well worth the money if you need something that 's going to last . The 3 fan speeds are perfect and quiet . The unit does not shake or rattle like most other fans . My in-laws bought us our first Vornado over 14 years ago and it is going strong . We decided to add another fan to our household and were so thrilled that we stayed with Vornado ! This fan is awesome !
 I do n't know that this is ALL that much better than any other fan but it does the job , just do n't know yet if it does it BETTER . Have n't decided . We got it to move air in our 20 ft. by 25 ft. family room with a vaulted ceiling and 2 full walls of windows . Started using it along with the two ceiling fans we have already there so do n't know if we 're getting good flow BECAUSE of this or if it 's the combination of all the fans together . Anyway we used it throughout the month-long 100 degree-plus weather we had in July and it did move the air . So , all in all , we 're pleased and it 's a keeper .
 This is my second vornado ... I do n't know why i 've owned anything else ?! The 733 is a bully ! it pushes the air around my entire apartment nicely ! low setting is virtually silent ... medium and high is audible , yet not annoying . Highly recommend .
 This is a good fan . Thought it would be stronger than the Honeywell fan I had when I was a kid . But it sems a little weaker . It is also much quieter.I thought about exchanging for the Honeywell fan , but considering the noise difference , and the effectiveness , I will not.I would purchase another one of these fans if I needed .
 I will agree with the other review that the spot welding on the handles are a little on the cheap side . But you know what ? This item is under $ 20 and besides that , your guests will not notice . If you are looking for a gift or something for a special occasion , reconsider your price point . Overall this is a very nice looking piece and would say that it exceeded my expectations for a champagne bucket in this price range !
 This working ok for what I use it for , but would work great for juices , etc. .
 I really like this pitcher a lot . Great design - it is tall and thin so it holds a lot but does not take up a lot of room in the fridge . It is made of solid plastic , so it 's light - and the mixer works great . That 's the best feature by far . I drink orange juice in the morning , which always seems to separate , forcing you to have to shake the pitcher to stir or else use a wooden spoon to mix with . What a pain . With this one , you just push a button on top and BAM , it 's all mixed ! And the mixing button locks down with a turn .
 I got several of these to give as gifts , and they were mostly well liked , but I can tell you a few caveats , too.This thing is very fun to use . It 's quite satisfying to peel off a long , clean strip of peel with each stroke . However , you ca n't see what you 're doing , and for certain applications , that matters . Still , this is a nice peeler for quickly making thin slices of cheese , onion , carrot , zucchini or even mango if I 'm getting fancy . It would be great for slicing a potato to make your own chips!One other thing that 's less than ideal is that a lot of times the peel ends up stuck between the blades , so between strokes I have to turn the veggie and remove the slice of peel . That 's a little annoying , but it 's still faster and more fun to use than the conventional peeler .
 I bought this product for my sister expecting her to really like it . However , although she liked the design , the peeler blade itself turned out to be less-than-great , leading her to go back to her existing peeler for some tasks . Also this peeler is most useful for peeling longish items , not so much for small round ones .
 I purchased this for my husband -LRB- he 's seen an ad for it and mentioned it -RRB- and it 's wonderful ! Easy to use , super sharp and it really cuts down on peeling time . We use it mostly for potatoes and it just could n't be easier . It 's so tiny , you would n't think it would work well ... but it fits your hand perfectly , is lightweight and so much better than traditional peelers . Oh yeah , it has a nice safety strip you can replace when you store it in your drawer ... no accidental cuttings that way !
 I hate peeling potatoes . This makes peeling them a breeze . Because most peelers require an awkward grip they become very uncomfortable for me and strain my wrist over time . This fits over your finger in a more comfortable position and it slices through the thick skin easily so peeling goes much faster . At times it can be hard to see what is going on but this peeler works fast and requires less pressure and is easier on my wrist because of the way it fits over my finger and attaches to my hand.Great gadget .
 I bought this as a gift and my friend absolutely LOVED it . Her house is nautical decor and she found a place for it immediately .
 The rice cooker works well wnd the steamer tray is very helpful . There are several things that might make this product better . For example , they can include the spoon rest for the spoon they included and also they can make the steam rack fit a little higher in the cooker so that you can cook rice and steam at the same time . Also the design is not the best looking and it 's a little too bulky .
 Works as advertised . I do unplug when the unit goes into warming mode -LRB- as recommended by a couple of reviewers -RRB- , and have n't had any problems with burning or drying out .
 rice cooker works good considering it 's priceit 's bulky as one reviewer mention , but heckit 's 8 cups capacity i rate it as 4 star since itsmisleading where it was made from it 's MADE IN THAILANDnot japan .
 It is a nice cooker with retractable cord . Comes with a nice design that you only need to wipe out the inside top lid , washing a steam exhauster.comes with a rice mug and a steamer stand .
 I was looking for a liner to put under my plates and cups . They are thick and a very high quality .
 The shelf liner is fine , but I ordered 12 rolls and each one came in a SEPARATE box that could have easily held 4-5 rolls each . C'mon , guys are we trying for a greener planet or the who cares attitude ? It took us 2 weeks to get rid of all the packing material , after I broke it all down and fitting it into the recycling can a little at a time . I was -LRB- and am -RRB- really disgusted by this . This was very bone-headed on someone 's part .
 I love this salt box . It is well made . The swivel lid slides easily , the wood looks nice and pretty . Each one is slightly different . I already bought 5 over the years and gave them away as gifts . People really enjoy using them . This simple , reasonably priced box even has an advantage towards some much more expensive ones
 This box is the right size for use at the table . It is definitely not too small for family use , but it is not designed to store large amounts of salt . The wood is dry in order to help keep the salt dry . I would definitely buy this again . There are nicer boxes , at higher prices .
 So far this Slicer is pretty good . A lot of the slicers in this price range have trouble with plastic gears internally going bad and do not hold up very long . -LRB- For Example my Edgecraft 610 got 12 uses out of it over 15 months . I called the company 800 number and got a leave a message . -RRB- I have not dismantled this one to see what the gears are made of but it 's made in China so I assume plastic.It does a fine enough cut for thin sliced lunch meat and the whole tray slides as one . Cleans easy enough.The only problem I have with it is the top part that sets the cut width will push out if you press too hard . I press too hard because I am a guy and it 's in my nature but I just slice with one hand supporting it and the other slicing.Let 's hope this holds up .
 I had a food slicer for over 30 years that finally gave out so we went hunting for another one . This slicer is so handy , made of very sturdy materials & slices so easily . It is easier to use than the old one it replaced & it will definetly outlive us ! We use our slicer to cut meats , onions -LRB- for French onion soup -RRB- , chunk cheese , potatoes - lots of items . It makes nice uniform slices & so easy to use . Also it is very easy to clean . I do n't know what I would do without a food slicer in the pantry !
 This slicer is of very goog value for the buck . It 's easy to use and clean and the thickness cutting knob iseasy to turn along with the easy to read numbers .
 Seems to be an excellent product except for the limited size of slice that it will make.Also , I 've never been a fan of plastic . I wish for the good ol' days when products were made in this country with metal that could be recycled or biodegrade , unlike EPA 's answer to the world of plastic .
 Tommy Hilfger had done it again making high quality bedding for all to enjoy . Go to bed with comfort , style , and class .
 Loved the bold color and the durability of the product . Made very well .
 This are lovely and soft . They are kind of a darker blue than the picture shows and almost a dark greyish blue . Very pretty and definitely a huge bargain .
 These are beautiful glasses , and arrived in excellent condition . On the large tumblers -LRB- 5 inches tall -RRB- The Teal splash is asymmetrical as pictured , and there are no two exactly alike . So each is like a unique work of art . In the smaller ones -LRB- 3.5 inches tall -RRB- , the splash does not come that far up the side , so it is not as dramatic . The glass is fairly thick at the bottom , and thin at the rim . This will make an excellent gift .
 This comforter is the best I have ever used - from the no-shift ComfortLock stitch pattern to the super , super soft fabric , it 's great ! We live in a southern climate and the lightweight fill works great . I highly recommend this down comforter to everyone !
 This an excellent comforter for the price ! The down pockets are evenly spaced and plumply filled but the down still moves around a bit between squares and it takes a lot of time to wiggle the down back into the center of the comforter . The feather pillows that came free with this in November took nearly 3 months to arrive . The cover is soft and the comforter is very comfortable .
 If you live in a moderate climate area , this down comforter is the perfect solution . The 260 thread count is soft , there 's plenty of down in each square pocket , and a large , seperate channel of down at the top and sides to keep your neck and sides warm . The best part is that the comforter is light and does n't feel like a heavy mass weighing down while you sleep . I had been searching EVERYWHERE for a good quality comforter that does n't break the bank and finally found what I wanted when with this . Add this on top of a Pacific Coast Down Blanket -LRB- my setup -RRB- and the combo is perfect for the winter .
 I recieved the product in Good condition and am very satisfied with it .
 I wo n't kid you -- this oven took a few weeks to get used to . Now we love it and do n't miss our little oven.The obstacles
 I admit it , I bought this Euro-Pro Convection Oven because I fell in love with it 's sleek design . Aesthetics aside , I am also very pleased with its performance . It 's very quiet , and comes with a rack as well as a pan . The handy crumb tray is inside the oven , so food spills on it , not inside the oven . The food we 've cooked so far has turned out perfectly . Mere frozen pizza turns into a delectable treat , and some onion rings I made were so wonderfully crisp they made me swoon!Along with the pros , there are some cons . The oven does get very hot , so you must be careful . As previously stated , it 's probably not a good idea to put it in an enclosed space . I think this may be true for all portable convection ovens though . The timer begins at 30 minutes and will only change in 1 minute increments , which is mildly annoying if you want to cook something that only takes 10 minutes . The instructions warn that the oven must be unplugged after each use , yet it comes with a clock . What good is it to have a clock on your convection oven if you have to reset it each time ? One additional minor complaint
 We 've had it for over a year now . We use it everyday for baking and for toast . We 've never had more perfect toast . We have a full-size convection oven as well and can attest to the baking-speed being similar to that of our full size convection oven . What we love most is the digital keypad is enclosed just like the ones on microwaves ... No grease can get into cracks . The second feature our family love is that we can fit a pizza in there without any problems . When baking tall apple pies -LRB- or cakes -RRB- in it , I would recommend a lower oven temperature . Even though it has an adjustable rack which can be moved up or down , the heating element tends to be either too close to the top of the pie or too close to the bottom of the pie . Our old Delonghi brand toaster -LRB- $ 80 as well , but toast was never this good -RRB- had knobs on it which started to stick . We could n't get the knobs unstuck even though we put a ton of lubricant on it . We 're going to try to avoid toasters with knobs from now on . We 've also seen keypad which are not fully enclosed . I ca n't imagine how people would be able to keep those clean to avoid blockage .
 We bought this so we would n't have to heat the house up with the oven during the summer . WE LOVE THIS THING!Yes , it does get hot on the outside . Be careful . But it can do everything that the big oven does.Yes , there is a learning curve . We still have n't quiet mastered the convection cooking . We have cooked cakes , pizzas , chicken , etc in it.LOVE IT . LOVE IT . LOVE IT .
 I saw this at a Target store but you can only buy them online from Target . You can get them through Amazon and I recommend that because Amazon has better customer service than Target.I 've baked chicken , broiled salmon , baked scones , cakes , and even dried fruit in this . The food comes out perfect every time.I 've been using this now for about a week and it 's just like having a real oven . It bakes beautifully without heating up the whole kitchen like the oven does . It 's sleek and looks nice on the counter.I was going to buy a DeLonghi , but I recommend this . It 's bigger , can do more , and you ca n't beat the price . This really is the best toaster oven/convection oven on the planet . Nobody does it better .
 I bought this convection oven six years ago , to use instead of my large oven . I do n't like to heat the house up in the summer . I was interested to find it here on Amazon , if I needed to replace the one I have now , I would buy this , but unfortunately it 's unavailable.I bought it in a local store , it only had one shelf , but I ordered another from the company . It 's a great size , most toaster ovens are much smaller . I can get two standard Nordic Ware 12 cup muffin pans in it . I 've been baking 24 cupcakes at a time for a long time.Nordic Ware Muffin Pan - 12 cup Standard SizeI kept the plastic wrap -LRB- that was supposed to come off -RRB- over the oven controls . It 's kept it nice and clean . Recently I took the old stuff off and sellotaped a new layer on , it looks like new . The newer models have knobs , which are n't as good.I had a Black and Decker toaster before I got this one , the quality was not as good as this , it was much smaller and did n't last long . This one keeps on going .
 I 've owned one of these toaster ovens for almost three years now . Sadly , it is staying with my soon to be ex-wife and I need to find another because I like it so much.As others have said , the oven boasts some special features like the handle for the tray , wire rack , pull out crumb tray , or large deep pan for oven use . Others have reported the oven getting hot , which I will agree with . At our house we always kept some of our Pampered Chef bake wear on top and the heat dissapated quickly . This was more a function of limited cabinet space than trying to control heat . For sure , this heats faster and cools faster than the normal oven and is perfect for nearly everything one does in everyday cooking.A few things I learned and found to really like with the toaster oven ... . The Frozen pizzas like Frechetta can be cooked in 18 minutes . The oven defaults to a 400 degree setting which is perfect for almost anything . Hit the oven button , preheat and slide the pizza in on the rack . 18 minutes later you have a perfectly crispy pizza . Biscuits take 10 minutes , cinnamon rolls cook quickly to perfection . I even make pork steaks by searing first in a pan and then tossing in the oven for 15 minutes at 350 . The 1 '' + thick pork steaks come out perfectly juicy and tender each time . We also make toast , french fries , chicken fingers , pizza rolls , and about any other frozen food you can think of in this thing . I do n't think there has been a single day that this oven has not had use.This is one of the few kitchen products I have seen and bought that actually got way more use than I ever dreamed of .
 Adjusts to the temps hot or cold . Light weight and cozy . Poofy . Looks great on the bed . I have bought two of them .
 Very pretty pattern , understated and elegant . Arrived quickly and well packaged . Think I 'll order another whole set .
 My husband loved this gift . It was shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition .
 ordered poster for son 's fine arts class ; it is a perfect repro of Dali 's work ; teacher even kept it for future classes .
 Bought this as house warming gift for my son , & he wonders how he got along without it before now . He has become this great chef in his kitchen & uses it almost everyday , its easy to use & clean up is a snap . It 's of good quality he said to .
 This is a good strong food processor in the 7 cup size.I think of this as medium sized ; a little small if you want to do bread.For me it is the perfect size to fit my kitchen space.The base is heavy , which I hope means it will last.More than enough power for any task.I like the large paddle switch on the front ; easy to get to and use.I knew when I purchased it that the color was gray.Seems to be a poor attempt to pretend to be chrome.But it does n't show finger prints , so I 'll wait for the color to grow on me -LRB- or find a way to paint it ; red might be fun -RRB- .
 I really like this food processor . It does everything it 's supposed to do , it 's easy to use and looks great on my counter . :-RRB- It 's a good value as well .
 The item of reference , Cuisinart DLC5BC works just fine but one strong fact which drove me to purchase is the Statement on the Product 's Box which tells it has a `` full ten year warranty on motor '' . I 've asked Macy 's Customer Service pertaining this , they then called Cuisinart and finally answered it would be a printing error on the box and then , while asking further , the efficient people at macy 's Customer Service told that Cuisinart tells that if the food processor 's cabinet is square it has a Five Year Motor Warranty -LRB- WHAT a COINCIDENCE !!! -RRB- I 'VE JUST DISCOVERED AMERICA !!! ... cause the product 's cabinet is square . I think this kind of excuse is as big as the hook behind the warranty stated in the box . I understand that 10 year warranty should be honored in writting & without delay.Blesings For You All .
 I bought this from Macys last Spring and not Amazon because I had a coupon and got it on a deal.It was my retirement present to myself.I 've used this extensively since mostly chopping veggies from the garden and making salsa , chopped tomatoes to freeze , etc. . I used the slicing disc once to try it and it worked well.If I had any complaint it would be its too efficient . At first I could turn about anything including onions , liquid . I had to learn to keep an eye on the material and my hand off that pulse button . Its does n't take much to chop about anything down to nothing . Easy does it.I recently tried it to make meatballs by putting pork sausage and burger in the bowl with other ingrediants and it worked great . I 'll never do them by hand again.I 've used the chopping blade -LRB- not the grating blade -RRB- to grate hardened cheeses like Parmeson and Locatelli and it again worked great . I 'm sure the grating discs would have done a little better job but I like my grated cheese a little larger in size rather than powdery texture.It cleans up easily and bowl and lids snap together with ease.Note / s
 Best product for the price.The food processor was very easy to use as well as easy to clean up ! We feel like we made a great purchase.Pros
 I have used this food processor every day since I got it & it has been working perfectly ! It is so useful & helps keep me staying healthy by enticing me to create my own unique dishes . It 's also a good size for me ; I had a smaller one and burnt out the motor on the first day using it when trying to blend nuts and dates , but this one can handle any task I give it.As you can tell , I am a very happy customer , and would recommend this particular food processor to anyone looking for something of good quality . I think it is an excellent value for the price ; -RRB-
 I love this food processor ! It works well , is easy to clean , and runs pretty quietly -LRB- certainly less noisy than my blender -RRB- . I love how simple it is to operate and clean up . I use it all the time and even with the clean up , the speed of the task makes it much more efficient than chopping most things by hand.I would buy it again in a heartbeat !
 What can I say
 This machine is very easy to work , and nas none of the annoying `` safety features '' of much more expensive machines . I highly recommend it for the busy cook who needs a solid , basic machine that does everything a food processor needs to do . No more , no less .
 I still use my 20 year old cuisinart work horse , and recently bought my daughter her first one for Xmas . I thought I 'd spare her the one or two cheaper processors you always buy to `` save money '' which end up broken , leaking , dull blades , cracked work bowl , etc. . This way-she can learn on the one that actally performs-and lasts .20 years and counting ...
 This little 7 cup food processor is perfect for food preparation for my husband and myself . I cook a lot for family and friends . The size is perfect and it is a very strong motor and I am sure to enjoy for years to come . The only thing that I would like is if cuisinart model had a blade holder but I am yet to find one .
 This is a winner . Does food prep beautifully and a handy helper . It is endless how it can be used .
 This oversize queen comforter is excellent for wintertime use . I 'm not sure it will work for me in the summertime , as I find myself getting hot in the middle of a Michigan winter 's night -LRB- I keep my room in the low 60 's at night , and find this is perfect for such a temperature -RRB- . The high thread count is nice , although a bit useless , since to maintain the warranty , you 're required to have a cover on . The fill has n't leaked out , and the baffle stitching keeps the fill from shifting out of place . This comforter comes with a `` breathable '' zippered bag for off-season storage.This is a quality product that should last you for years to come !
 I love these ! I love how easily they cut through steak , chicken , everything ! This is the second set of Cuisinart knives I have bought ! You will not be disappointed with these knives .
 I needed a good working , and affordable vac to clean up my small college dorm room 's carpet -LRB- It 's not a very plush carpet -RRB- . This vac surprised me ! So far it 's been working out fantastic ! The long handle is detachable and so is the top head so you can convert it into the familiar dust buster . It 's small enough to store under a bed in a dorm room . It has a pointed wand attachment too . This certainly is n't something you would want to use as a main vac for a house , but it 's great for the dorm . The cord length seems to work great for my 16 ` x12 ' dorm room -- so it does NOT operate as a cordless , so no worries about the battery dying out on you . It 's bagless so the canister has to be emptied ... which brings me to my only complaint about it ... everything seems to get stuck to the filter ... hair , dust and dirt ... so it 's not just a matter of emptying the canister . You have to pick everything off the filter , and it has a tendency to get inverted so you have to pull it out to clean it good . So my suggestion is to clean it over an open trash can ... and for the dust you just ca n't seem to pick off , use a lint roller on the filter and it seems to clean it up well . -LRB- which is why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- Otherwise , great vac for the price paid -LRB- Approximately $ 20 at Wal-mart -RRB- .
 I purchased this product at a local store for $ 20 . I have all hardwood floors , 3 dogs , an African Grey Parrot , and will tell you this product does a great job ! Before , I would use a dust mop in between regular vacuuming and this cuts the time in half , yes half ! When done , you just empty the cup , wipe it out , clean the filter put it away . WORTH EVERY PENNY .
 I was researching stick vacuums for my parents who have a multi-level home with a mix of carpet , linoleum and hardwood floors . The main vacuum , also a BissellBissell 82H1 Cleanview Helix Bagless Upright Vacuum Cleaner -LRB- which has been fantastic by the way -RRB- is a bit too large to pull out for spot cleans . I initially had purchased a Shark cordless , but I only got a few minutes out of it before the suction power -LRB- from the Ni-Cd battery -RRB- pooped out . It was also cumbersome to switch to a hand vac.The Feather weight is a wonderful replacement . After the battery debacle , I knew I wanted a corded vac . This Bissell has a fairly generously sized cord so I can move around nearly the whole kitchen on one outlet . The detachable handle is tall enough for me -LRB- I 'm about six feet even -RRB- , and the cord wraps around the molded hooks nicely when not in use . The floor attachment does NOT swivel , but that 's not really a huge issue in terms of usage - the vac is so lightweight it 's inherently maneuverable . The floor attachment has no ` beater bar ' to send debris flying . On hard surfaces this is great because the suction alone is more than ample to pick up even old , nasty Cheerios . Performance of thick carpet is fairly limited though ... The floor attachment does not ` lock ' onto the vacuum body , which I was at first concerned about . However , the fit is excellent and snug so I can push and pull the vac across the floor with out it coming apart . Using the vacuum as a ` dustbuster ' -LRB- without the handle or floor attachment -RRB- is great as well - the nozzle is wide enough to get debris on stairs and what not , and the included edge cleaner is great for getting stuff out of hard-to-reach areas.Cleaning is a snap - the filter is washable , and the bagless dirt trap keeps everything contained well . To clean the filter , I like to flick it gently from the inside to avoid touching the junk that 's picked up off the floor . In fact that 's really the only major downside to this cleaner - there may be more physical contact with the picked up debris than some owners would like.The only other downside is that there is no place on the unit itself to attach the little edging nozzle that comes with the vacuum . This is an easy fix - I followed another reviewer 's advice and just used two rubber bands to keep it on the handle . Problem solved!Highly recommend for it 's light weight , powerful suction , fairly low noise , and my impression of a high build quality . This thing would be great for apartment dwellers , people who do n't want a cumbersome , heavy vacuum , and those with predominately bare floors . I would look elsewhere if you have carpets , however - this guy does n't exactly glide across them . Nothing thicker than an area rug in my opinion .
 I bought this vacuum a few months ago . I needed a handheld vacuum to help clean up all the spills from my toddler -LRB- Oh 's and other crumbs -RRB- . I thought the addition of the long stick handle to be very helpful , it means a lot less bending . It picks up great and does the job I need it for . I do n't have pets so I do n't know how well it does with something like that . I 've really just used it for small pick-up jobs . Overall very useful vacuum .
 This vacuum is cheap , small , and will even suck up kitty litter . Great for anyone looking for a compact vacuum for small areas !
 I like this because it is not heavy also you can use it in different types of floor . Works well for all floors and it it easy to manage .
 I love my new stick vac . I had been using a traditional vacuum , and it was so heavy to lug around . The stick vac works great on our cement floors . We have three cats and it picks up cat hair great .
 This is a great small vacuum to use on a daily basis between weekly cleaning . It sucks up most things , but does leave larger items behind . Overall , I am very happy with my purchase . Transitions well from carpet to wooden floors . Easily cleaned and stored .
 I originally ordered this tray as a going-away gift for a garden club member . When it arrived , I knew I must have one of these magnificent pieces for myself .
 Tommy Hilfger had done it again making high quality bedding for all to enjoy . Go to bed with comfort , style , and class .
 I bought this from Wal-Mart and absolutely love it . A common complaint that I 've run into is that foods `` stick '' more than their other pans . This actually IS true if you do not adjust your cooking method . A little bit of oil olive goes a long way , and TURN DOWN THE HEAT!If you cook something at maximum heat , you WILL have issues . Turn down the heat , this requires less heat than other pans I 've used , which is good because it is using less energy to cook in the same amount of time.It 's very sturdy , cleans easily and is just a real pleasure to look at and cook with ! Highly recommended .
 I bought this pan because I got rid of my non-stick one . When I first used it , I thought oh my what have I done , the eggs stuck and it was a mess . I then decided I would treat it like a chief 's pan . I wash it only with hot water and afterwards I smear a drop or two of oil into the pan and put it away . I preheat the the pan before putting food in it and never use heat higher than medium high , I can now fry an egg with a loose yolk and get it out of the pan easily . It 's been about two months since I bought it and its working fine . In a years time it should be wonderful .
 I used it to make a tuna fish patties and had no trouble with it.Just what I wanted .
 We 've happily used ours for over two years , now . They show no signs of wear and still clean up easily . They are as good as they claim to be .
 Our family was concerned that as the non-stick coatings wore off our pans we were eating it . So we decided to go with full stainless pans instead . We 've had two of these pans for a year or so and have been very happy with them . The only thing I do n't like about them is that the heat does n't extend up the sides of the pans . For instance if you make scrambled eggs the eggs will cook nicely on the bottom but their will still be a thin layer of raw egg left on the sides . It 's due to this issue that I rated it as 4 stars rathter than 5 .
 This is such a great pan . Am using it almost every day.Easy cleanup . Retains its ' good looks after washing it up .
 This is a very stylish pet carrier with lots of room for your pets . I would highly recommend .
 This bag is good , but my dog do n't like a dark inside.In my opinion inside must be white or a light color
 These trivets are the best that I have ever used . I will be buying more . You can pick up and move the pot several times and the trivet goes with it . Fantastic product !!!!!
 Excellent product , works very well with tobacco smoke and cooking odors . Just set it to automatic , it is silent most of the time but will automatically adjust if it detects smoke or odor . Worth the money .
 I have been looking at and searching for a decent air purifying unit for at least 3 years , I find the cost runs way to high and the looks of the unit definitely was n't designed by anyone with designing taste ! And even though the germicidal UV light should be completely hidden from view most of the air filtering UV units I have looked at had obvious glowing of the eye damaging UV lighting.Now for my review of this item , The looks-acceptable . Noise level-acceptable on low speed during sleeping.Controls and adjusting-My wife has no problems working it ! -LRB- Now that says a lot ! -RRB- The Glowing of the UV lights-Almost literally impossible to see!Does it work ? - my wife thinks Claritin cured her of her allergies . It took about 6 to 8 weeks letting it run 24-7 but it will clean up the impurities in the house and before you know it your not sneezing ! Well it worked for me wife.Would I buy another unit-Yes if needed.The cost - acceptableMy only problem with it is `` How would I know if one of the UV germicidal lights go out ? `` I 'm the type of person that probably never give out 5 stars to nothing , but I will give out 9.5 out of a 10 point scale for this item .
 OK , so it costs a lot of money . They say you should replace the HEPA/Carbon A375 UV filter every 6 months -LRB- for $ 49 each -RRB- . That 's a bit excessive . However , the filter is pretty quiet at high speed -LRB- which I leave it on all day and all night long because my dust/dust mite allergies are THE WORST -RRB- . I have one in my bedroom and one in my living room that run constantly on high speed . I have no idea whether the UV lights do anything or not , but I will try anything to help reduce my allergies . It is easy on the eyes and has a nice display , and it does n't take up too much room . I also did research when I bought these -LRB- about 7 months ago -RRB- and they scored highly in air filter tests . If they were less expensive , I would definitely recommend them .
 Having used this filter for a year , which I frankly think should be a requirement for most reviews , I can recommend this filter without reservation . It 's extremely quiet at the lowest speed setting , quieter than any other filter I 've used . Equally as important , even at the highest settings , the QUALITY of the white noise produced is very clean - no buzzing , whining or humming - just clean white noise . The quality of the filtration seems to be consistent with the professional test results - class leading . This is an excellent product .
 This is a great filter . We got it for our baby daughters room when she was having some problems . She 's been good since . We put the filter in a room that we had been operating a Sharper Image model they pimp on TV commercials and the Alen immediately kicked on high and showed particulate on its indicator ... even though the other filter had been on continuously -LRB- highest setting -RRB- and properly maintained.Another reviewer complained about the noise on auto ... just leave it on setting 2 and it should be good from there . I have allergies that I get shots for -LRB- now -RRB- and have had no problem leaving it on this low of a setting .
 works great - had none of the problems others have voiced - ordered a 375 after good results from a 350 because it has a couple more features which I have found useful since i recieved it
 We went with this expensive unit due to asthma and breathing problems and figured we would start at the top rather than buy a cheaper unit and always wonder if we should have got the better unit . It will be a while before we can tell if the breathing problems have been helped.The unit has an Auto mode that sets the fan speed based on air quality with both dust and odor sensors . Unfortunately a pizza or piece of toast is enough to send the odor sensor to max and the fan speed to high for the next 15 hours . On high this thing is annoyingly loud . Eventually it decides the air is OK and goes down to the slow speed which is so quiet I ca n't hear it running . Then the next meal sends it up to max again . I think we will have to give up using it on auto and just set the fan speed manually on 1 or 2 . If you are willing to spend the money , the only con seems to be the auto mode .
 As an expat currently in China , I 'm concerned about air pollution . I found the results of this semi-scientific test compelling :[ ... -RSB- Bottom line , this model was able to filter out 94 % of PM0 .3 particles . The less expensive Paralda model was able to filter 80 % . I 'd make a decision balancing price and effectiveness for your own needs .
 Do recommend to anyone who want to have a portable air purifier . It is easy to operate and use . It really work great for a smaller space . We love it .
 I feel like I 've gone back to a simpler and more elegant age when I set my table with these glasses and simple pink glass plates to match . It is the perfect size for iced tea and they feel both solid and easy to hold .
 I ordered the glassware to go with the Napoli dishes.The blueglasses are beautiful . Everything came double boxed , and securely packed . Love it so much I just ordered the green ones !
 These were not from the pattern I have , but matched perfectly to my pattern which has been retired -LRB- Italian Vine -RRB- - but they are very large ... which is okay if that is what you want . I do love them and they are fine quality .
 Beautiful Glasses ... looked exactly like the image . The glasses came double boxed - very secure and very professional packing.No breakage or chips !!!!
 These are lovely ; they really dress up the Napoli table without taking away from the charm of the design . The peach and green colors are unique , and while they 're a decent sized goblet they are n't clunky or heavy at all .
 I indulged myself this holiday season and bought 8 of these glasses for all of us in my immediate family for our dinners . They are lovely ; the most beautiful glasses I 've ever had or seen . They were wonderfully packaged and I cant recommend these glasses more . Simply put
 These are very pretty and unique in color and design yet not expensive . I do n't have the Pfaltzgraff Napoli dishes but ordered them to go with my formal china which has a light green and peach flower in the border . I have very expensive goblets but never use them because I 'm afraid they 'll break . These lighten up the table and make the china seem less formal . The table is very pretty and these goblets are always the center of attention . They are also fun to use when serving drinks like lemonade , etc. .
 good quality , great looking , made a great gift for my husband who hunts ... instead of using the bead chain or carabiner , he attached orange paracord ! hahaha
 The Smith & Wesson dogtag watch is great for gym workouts . I use the clip to tie it to my clothing so it is always available for a quick glance when resting between lifting sets or for `` planks '' or `` side bridges . ''
 Smith & Wesson 's product was exactly as expected , actually , even better than expected . I love the new watch I received . Easy to move it from my neck to my purse , to my backpack . Very convenient . I bought very specifically as a travel , camping , hiking , watch and it is perfect - very functional , sturdy , rugged , yet , very pretty and attractive .
 THE VERY UNIQUENESS OF THIS WATCH MAKES IT A GOOD BUY , HELLO!EASY TO SEE , AND A FASHION STATEMENT . I LIKE IT .
 I am very pleased . Ca n't wait until the framing is done , -LRB- I already have it at the store to frame -RRB- . Ca n't wait until it is done .
 The Carefree Kitchen 2-tone silicone 9-inch square pan has a solid feel to it . It has a double layer of silicone that gives it support . The shiny inner layer has a better release . I like the Carefree Kitchen 2-tone silicone pans better than Kitchen Aid silicone pans .
 My sister wanted Silicone Bakeware for her birthday and I fully expected to spend quite a bit , but then I came across this product . After looking at the reviews and pricing of other sets I decided to give this one a shot . I ordered 5 pieces total and I paid $ 26.98 pre-tax . At that time that I placed my order these items qualified for the 4-for-3 Promo and if you spent over $ 30 you received this spoon for FREE.Kaiser KaiserFlex Silicone Blending SpoonAnother great deal on Amazon.When the box arrived on the day of my sisters birthday I was really concerned that I might be disappointed and would have to go shop for something else . Luckily when I opened the packaged I was very pleased with not only the quality , but also the packaging . I ordered the 2 Tone Green and it was very nice looking and the feel was not `` oily '' like some others I have touched . When I presented them to my sister , she was very excited to receive them and could n't wait to try them out.I am only able to give this item 4 stars as I did n't cook in them myself and when I looked at them they seemed slightly smaller that the average cookware , but maybe it was just my impression . When I asked my sister recently she told me they work great and the size is no issue at all for her.The Carefree Kitchen 2-Tone Silicone Pie Pan , Tarragon GreenThe Carefree Kitchen 2-Tone Silicone Loaf Pan , BlueThe Carefree Kitchen 2-Tone Silicone Muffin Pan , Blue
 I got Terracotta because it was in my Gold Box so this cost me $ 7.59 . This brand of silicone bakeware is the sturdiest and pleasant to use.I scorched the bottom and the darkness washed off in the dish washer.Made in Taiwan.There is raised lettering on the bottom with the temperature range .
 I tossed out all my old metal pans to replace them with the silicone .
 I was so happy with the quality of this bedding . It was the only thing that got my son to sleep in his own bed ! He loved the bright colors of the trucks and planes .
 This product was better than expected . It was a gift and the recipient was thrilled ! Great customer service also - they really cared about making sure the product arrived on time and we were satisfied . It was nice to see a company stand behind their product these days .
 It is very difficult to find a 100 % wool blanket today . All I could find were velour and microfiber blankets . This Faribault Mills blanket is exactly what I wanted . It is fine quality and warm . I rate it 5 stars !
 I am so glad I checked this site for a wool blanket . You 're not able to find these in local stores . I 'm very happy with the quality of the blanket , and the price and the level of service provided was excellent . I would shop with this vendor again as well as recommend to anyone looking for this product . Thank you !
 I love this blanket . It stays on my bed summer , winter , spring and fall . So glad I purchased it .
 Great product and price . Perfect warmth and weight . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This one of the pieces I have been collecting -LRB- and using ! -RRB- for over a year . I ca n't recommend these pieces too much . They have style , panache , quality , and best of all you just really enjoy eating from them .
 We love this peeler and use it daily for carrots , potatoes , apples , etc. . It 's very comfortable and easy to use .
 As a vegan , I work with a lot of vegetables . As a result , this peeler is practically an extension of my arm ! I love it ! I use it regularly and the blade is still sharp . It works perfectly on carrots , potatoes , cucumbers ... you name it !
 I am very happy this this peeler so far . I have had no difficulties using or cleaning this tool . I have been happy with OXO products in the past and this peeler is no exception.I would recommend this to a friend .
 This is a gem . Does the job great ! I wish I had purchased one of these years ago ...
 I 'm not sure if a peeler can be awesome , but this one is . Have had it for a couple of months and it is still as sharp as when I first got it in the mail.A good Price too .
 I know it 's kinda geekish to wax rhapsodic over a peeler . This one really deserves it , though ! I eat lots of veggies and this peeler is a MUST HAVE . Planning to order several more so I have one clean while the others are in the dishwashe . Thanks , OXO !
 I wish I had years of experience with other peelers to write a comparative review , but I 'm just a college student starting out . I 've been using this peeler for a year and I love it - easy to use , staying sharp -LRB- I use it on carrots and potatoes several times per month -RRB- . I wash it after use and dry with a paper towel ; no rust at all . Today buying another one as a gift to my mom : -RRB-
 Excellent product ! The best in its category ! Pill vegetables and legumes became very easy , safe and fast . Very happy with this purchase . I highly recommend it !
 I love this peeler . All I eat pretty much is fruits and vegetables so a good peeler is very important . I can peel mangoes with this , make zucchini pasta , and many other things . Best of all , it 's inexpensive and relatively safe to use .
 Yup , this is a great peeler . The handle is sturdy and feels good in the hand . The `` grips '' help avoid slippage with your wet , kitchen hands . Swivel action helps when peeling uneven surfaces -LRB- think potatoes -RRB- . The guard over the top of the blade aids in gripping and safety.The peeler I had before this was some cheap little thing I got at the grocery store . It 's definitely worth a few extra bucks to get a real peeler . Especially if you love sweet potato mash as much as I do !
 I bought these for myself a year ago , and was amazed at how easy they were to use . The blades stay sharp , and peeling is easy and efficient . I give these to all my family and friends . Everyone likes these peelers . Oxo products are high quality and good values .
 I had one of those cheap little silver peelers which fell apart the first time I used it . Thought I 'd try this peeler after reading all the positive reviews and I must say I agree . This is an excellent peeler . Very sharp and does a very good job . If I had one fault it might be that I found the handle to be just a bit wide for small hands . Otherwise it 's a keeper . Nice price too .
 I really love all oxo products . You can depend on the quality.My peeler was shipped fact an well packaged
 I 've owned 2 of these peelers for years now . It is the BEST and most comfortable peeler to use . I have given them as gifts to many of my friends . It is a really good product . Good for big - or small-handed cooks !
 works well , good and sharp peels potatoes very well with little waste , has a good handle to grip . cleans easily .
 Great peeler . It 's sharp and the handle feels great . It 's also very easy to wash.Love OXO 's stuff and this one is very good .
 I used this peeler on some apples and found it to be the best one that I have ever used ! It made preparing apples for applesauce and apple pies and crisps so much easier and faster .
 Seriously , it 's the best peeler I 've ever used . Do n't look at any others . The peeler part swivels easily in the grip , and it makes peeling stuff effortless . It 's also cheap !
 The OXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler is a must-have kitchen essential for fall -- especially for potatoes and apples , as well as other root vegetables used for roasting and stewing . This peeler feels fantastic in your hand and we love the wide , secure handle . It glides over the peels with ease and manages to peel very thinly so you do n't waste the fruit or veggie interior . They 've even included a hole for convenient hanging on your utensil pegboard .
 Oxo Good Grips Swivel PeelerThe potato and cucumber have met their match . This peeler makes quick work of the skins without much fatigue to your hands . This is the second peeler that I 've bought , the first grew a couple of legs and was AWOL . I liked the first so well that I bought another , because this is an essential tool in any kitchen . What I like about this peeler is that it makes a good peel , especially on a potato , that I can spray them with Pam and make my own potato skin chips . The Good Grips line features durable , non-slip , flexible handles on every product . Ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably and softly , the pressure-absorbing processed rubber handle puts less tension on the hands while still providing an outstanding grip . Made from the same material as dishwasher gaskets , the handles are slip-proof -- wet or dry -- as well as dishwasher-safe . The sharp , stainless steel blade glides through even the toughest fruit and vegetable skins with ease.Some of the features are : * Good Grips oversize rubber handle is comfortable , even with repetitive strokes * Swiveling twin blades peel easily with flexible action * Built-in potato eye remover * Large hole in handle makes storage easy * Dishwasher-safeThis peeler works well with wet hands , because I 've never peeled a potato unless it 's been washed , which means they are wet . Apples , carrots , cucumbers and potatoes all are fair game for this peeler . The tip of the peeler has a potato eye remover which works very well . All-in-all , your experience with this peeler will be positive as it makes quick work of the skins . I 'm pleased with this essential kitchen tool . This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite
 This is a perfect kitchen utensil . Keeps sharp forever , easy to clean , padded handle makes it easy on your hand , peels just the right amount of skin of whatever you 're peeling .
 My aging Irish Grandmother was becoming a bit arthritic in the hands and was a bit tired of using the all-metal peelers she was used to that make your palms ache after a few potatoes . I decided to go on a search for the most comfortable-looking potato peeler . I came upon this peeler at a variety market for 3 dollars . -LRB- it has n't changed since I found it , a few years ago -RRB- . My grandmother has since passed , and my father inherited this peeler , along with her other kitchen utensils . Every time I ventured to his house to help with dinner I regretted not owning this peeler . A few days after I acquired my first checking account and debit card , this was one of the first things I knew I had to purchase online . This is the absolute best peeler I 've ever used , and I will , without a doubt , buy an identical version if mine ever goes missing .
 I 've used this peeler for almost a year , and it works as great as the first day . In fact , it is so efficient that I got a little careless and sliced off part of a fingernail with it . But the nail grew back , and I am very pleased with this purchase . This is n't a cheap peeler that you find in grocery stores . This has some weight and control to it . I use it to mainly peel potatoes and sweet potatoes -- so far sans problems .
 I do n't usually write product reviews but ... I 'm inspired by this simple kitchen device . I have had a number of vegetable peelers in my time but really this one is in a class of its own . It glides over potatos and carrots with very little effort and the peels are not too thick . The last one I had peeled such thick slices that I barely had any carrot left by the time I got through peeling . This item works well , and it looks nice too . I recommend it .
 This peeler is sturdy , sharp and still works like new even 10 years after purchasing it . My husband does n't mind peeling veggies since the handle is not skinny and it is easy to grip . I threw out my other peeler and have not bought another one since this peeler has come into my kitchen .
 I have tried several peelers but this one is by far the best . My mother came over and loved it too !
 I went home over thanksgiving and used my mom 's Cutco vegetable peeler and found -LRB- to my great astonishment and pleasure -RRB- that my Oxo peeler did a better job and was probably a third the price . I 've had this for 3 years now and it looks and feels like it 's new . The tip is hollowed out so you can scoop out bad spots on potatoes etc. . I love it .
 I 've owned about 4 peelers . Thin , tick , plastic , rubber ... This is the best one . The handle is perfect , easy secure grip . Does n't slide , does n't hurt my hand . I 've even had friends comment on how nice my peeler is .
 I love this peeler ! I had one just like it for many years -LRB- until I somehow lost it ! -RRB- and it worked perfectly EVERY time . I could n't remember where I bought it and could n't find another one in any stores - until I finally looked on Amazon . Thank you , Amazon ! Not only is the gripper handle perfect , the blade works as it should . I purchased a couple other peelers during my quest and I was very disappointed . Their blades kept slipping over the vegetables without cutting . Very frustrating . I even tried a kitchen Aid brand and hated it . So save yourself the frustration and the tired hands and just buy this one !
 I ave been using these peelers for about 10 years now , they last about 4 years and work better then most . With reasonable care they last well and hold their edge , the steel seems to better grade then most . Only drawback is since its so sharp you need to watch peeling yur knuckle by accident
 I love this peeler , it works amazing ! The grip is wonderful and comfortable in my hands and the form/function is just amazing . Every time I use a peeler somewhere else or have to use a knife -LRB- ack ! -RRB- the whole time I am thinking man I wish I had MY peeler ! This is probably one of my best/favorite kitchen tools . If I had to pick one thing out of my drawer to keep other than a knife it would probably be this ! The main things I peel are Apples , Sweet potatoes and Carrots . I can actually peel a whole apple and keep the whole peel intact :-RRB- It is balanced and it is smooth and always takes just the skin without any or too much flesh of the fruit . But if you did want to make some slivers/shavings it would work great for that too , just apply a bit more pressure after removing the skin and you can get some nice thin shavings.You really ca n't go wrong with this unless you are just so used to using an older style or flat peeler . But this thing is smooth like butter I ca n't imagine how someone ca n't like it . But for me , it 's the best!update
 This is without a doubt the best peeler I 've ever used . My hands never got tired , no matter how many apples , potatoes , carrots , or anything else I peeled . I first bought this peeler when I was suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome -LRB- about 5 years ago -RRB- and I 've been using it ever since and the blade is still sharp !
 This peeler rocks . No more holding onto a tiny handle and cramping up . Peeling done easily , quickly and cleanly.Buy 2 and give one to a friend .
 I bought one for my mother some years ago due to her arthritis . It worked for her . I bought one for myself and then for all my family members . I do n't wish to spend much of my life peeling veggies , but when I do it has to be this product . The soft grip is very helpful in avoiding discomfort , fatigue , and pain .
 After using the ubiquitous metal torture devices , I elected to purchase the OXO . It is simply a delight to use and almost makes peeling potatoes interesting . The grip is everything they say it is . Throw away that rusty dull metal model and try one of these .
 Compared to the standard all-metal peelers of yesterday , this is a really superior product . Very comfortable to hold , and equally important , the blade is sharp and cuts very well . I 've used it on potatoes , apples and carrots and it makes quick work of these items . Even on small potatoes with smooth & slippery skins , this peeler slices right through and rarely fails to catch the surface . As someone whose occupation involves a lot of typing , I 'm getting more conscious of repetitive stress injuries , and really appreciate the design premise behind the OXO line of products . Highly recommended .
 It is rare when $ 5.99 can make you happy ! This peeler will change your life . Carrots , cucumbers , potatoes , sweet potatoes , apples , really ripe pears , peaches , eggplant ... all the peels slide off with ease . My father use to fuss at me when I would nail
 Once again , I own this product and one other style of peeler also manufactured by OXO and from their `` Good Grips '' line . I prefer the other style for ease of use . There 's nothing wrong with this version ; but the other style of peeler , also from OXO , -LRB- but not a swivel peeler -RRB- is slightly better in that it 's easier to contol when using it , in my opinion . I LOVE working with the `` Good Grips '' line of products because they 're so comfortable to hold and use . I have most of their products in my kitchen and I have recommended them to many friends who also have become die hard fans . That 's the reason I gave the OXO `` Good Grips '' Swivel Peeler a 4-star rating .
 This is the best peeler i have used in my life . It works well with every fruit/vegetable . So far i have used it on potatoes , cocumbers , carrots , plums , apples and mangoes . It is just perfect !
 Had to find replacement for my mother 's peeler that I 'd used for 20 years . This one did the trick . Nice comfortable handle , sharp and effective . Easy to clean .
 I have owned a pair of these peelers for about 10 years and have loved them throughout . They are subjected to frequent use -LRB- and occasional abuse -RRB- at the hands of my large family and have always performed brilliantly . The blade remains sharp and the construction solid . Unfortunately I must buy a replacement due to losing one of them . I 'm sure I 'll find my old one after this new one arrives , but I 'm deeply suspicious that my youngest took it to college with her ! Maybe if I get an extra to put in her stocking , she 'll reliquish my `` old faithful '' ? So , so , SO worth the money .
 We own a lot of OXO gadgets , and this one is a good example of why . Simple , easy to use , and durable .
 This oxo peeler is top rated and tested by Cook 's Illustrated . The best I have bought over the years . Love it !
 This oxo good grips swivel peeler is a great addition to the kitchen . The handle is comfortable to hold and work with and the blade is very sharp and effective . This peeler does a great job of cutting off the skin of the vegetable without taking a lot of the actual vegetable with it .
 A nice and easy to use peeler . My only complaint/qualm is that the rubber handle parts do disintegrate over the span of a couple of years when washed regularly in our dishwasher . Not a big problem for a roughly $ 8 item .
 We have been using the Oxo Good Grips Swivel Peeler for years . Ny husband calls it the `` manly man peeler '' . It is easy to grip and and peels everything beautifully . Our old peeler is still working fine after years of service . We just decided to add a second peeler for those times when we each need to use a peeler to prepare vegetables for big gatherings . The product arrived quickly and in perfect condition.OXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler
 Great peeler and easy to use . Sharp too . I did have another one it is did fall apart so hopefully this one will last longer which is why it did n't get five stars .
 Frustrated by the standard peeler of my chef of a roommate I went on a mission to a my local supermarket and found this delectable piece ! I 've had no issues using it in my cooking and baking venture 's and it has become a much loved item in my kitchen . Works good on both fruits and vegetables .
 this is the second one I have owned , none better . when this one wears out i will order another , unless it out lives me .
 Best peeler ever ! Easy to hold , super sharp blade , just slides across the potato ! Easy to clean too ! Jus ! love it !
 Peeling is now a joy , but keep your fingers out of the way . Peels are thin , so food is n't wasted .
 I 've used many before only to end up in the trash can . Bought a Cuisinart peeler a week ago and it sucked . This has the right angle and a good blade . A much better broad handle which makes holding it a lot easier ! I recommend this .
 Peals potatoes so much easier than our old one , and it 's nice and sharp , too . Soft handle is comfortable to hold and easy to grip .
 This is a very good peeler . The only reason it lost 1 star , is that I have had better . I could not , for the life of me , find the same one I had before -LRB- which was lost -RRB- , so this is the next best option out there .
 A good peeler is hard to come by ! My hubby did some research on peelers and decided on this one . I use it all the time and am very happy ! It really does a good job at just taking the top layer of whatever you are peeling unlike so many peelers that I have used that takes off a thicker amount of top layer ps skin . It peels smoothly and the blade moves well as you peel . I would definitely recommend this peeler .
 I love this peeler . It Does the job . Grips are nice , blade is nice and sharp . What else is there to say ?
 As the man in the house who cooks , I always appreciate good tools . This peeler works precisely like I hoped it would . Glides through even the roughest peels with ease.Liked it so much , I bought one for my mom to replace her archaic one.Go ahead and order one , you wo n't regret it !
 This is the best peeler I have ever used . I bought one in 1993 , and recently brought it to my Mom 's to help with a large meal . My mother loved it so much she would n't give it back ! I had to buy another one . This time , I bought two and marked them to prove they 're mine . Absolutely recommend this peeler over any other .
 OXO has won me over on everything I 've purchased and have quite a collection . So much easier to hold ; peeling edges are sharp and have bought one for both daughters to use . Always hand wash .
 I have always got oxo products because they are the best , simply put . I bought these for my envious sister 'n law - I 'm sure that she 'll love them when I give them to her at Christmas
 Easy to use , makes potato peeling quick and easy . This is my second one , good price too and easy to clean
 I do n't know , but from now on , I wo n't . It is my first peeler , so I can hardly compare , but it works very well , very smooth . I had it for 2 weeks , and peeling veggies is now a fast task in my kitchen .
 I owned one several years ago and loved it . It got tossed out one night in the trash . I tried several others and they never lived up to this product . So happy I finally got another one .
 I had no idea how bad my other peelers were until I ordered this OXO peeler . Basically , I wanted free shipping and so needed to add about 6 bucks to my order . I figured , hey - why not a veggie peeler , right ? It arrived , and I actually had some potatoes to peel that night . OH MY GOODNESS . It 's so smooth and sharp and comfortable to hold ! I will NEVER go back to a cheap peeler ; OXO just landed a customer for life .
 This peeler is unlike others , as it is made in one piece . Others are glued together and trust me , they fall apart while washing .
 I owned another OXO peeler for about 10 years , which is why I purchased this one . I ca n't believe how much better it is ! It works very smoothly & rapidly . Has a great grip , even if different from the other . With this one , the peels actually come off very thinly ... making it more healthy as it leaves more of the nutrients , a huge thumbs up!Actually , I was just going tp replace my lost veggie brush ... I use it all the time , and it just disappeared ! ack !
 My fiance was adamant that his cheap , grocery store brand peeler was just fine , but I always struggled to use it . It felt like I was trying to peel vegetables with a spoon
 To put it very simply , the blade is ultra sharp and the handle makes it ultra easy to use . For someone with a disability or arthritis -LRB- or just weakness in your hands -RRB- this is perfect . And even if you do n't have dexterity problems the handle makes it very easy to peel a lot of potatoes and carrots . Usually my hand is tired after two or three , but I just did more than 20 for a party and my hand was not tired .
 Arthritis in my hands has limited what I sm able to do but tools such as this OXO Peeler have been a big help . I liked this peeler so much I bought several as gifts . And then when I lost mine , I bought 2 more . One to use and one to put up `` just in case '' . This peeler is one of those things in my kitchen that I hope never to have to do without .
 This is the best peeler I have used ! I have one and have given them as gifts numerous times . The grip is comfortable , the peeling action is smooth and quick and it just is a joy to use . What more could you want ? My wife has carpal tunnel and loves the whole line of OXO products , but this one is our favorite . Even my 11 year old daughter begs me to use it when I peel vegetables.This is the last peeler you 'll ever need !
 Somehow my old metal version of this kind of peeler disappeared . With the available options on the market , I still wanted the old style peeler like this . Being a lover of OXO products , I jumped at this one , despite it being $ 5 - $ 7 more than the metal one at the end of the grocery aisle . I 've been very pleased with this purchase , and love -LRB- as usual -RRB- the rubber grip of the handle . I had been concerned the `` eye remover '' -LRB- for potatoes -RRB- would n't be as effective , being thick black plastic , but OXO designed it so well that you do n't notice a difference.It 's insanely sharp , though , so when you peel a potato , for instance , the sliver you just peeled sometimes stays right there in place -LRB- totally sliced off -RRB- . You ca n't even tell you just cut something ... and I simply brush it away with my hand and continue . This is not a complaint as much as a silly fact.Spend the extra few bucks , and get this peeler over any other standard option ! You 'll be very happy . : -RRB-
 I could n't tell you exactly how long I have owned my Oxo vegetable peeler , but it 's a long , long , long time . The peeler looks as good and works as well as the day I bought it.The tip of the peeler has a tapered , indented area perfect for quickly removing the eyes from potatoes and other similar little chores when preparing vegetables.To keep the peeler working perfectly , I sharpen the facing blades with a diamond hone about twice a year.I 'm left handed . The tool is perfectly ambidexterous.For the price , a terrific value of enduring quality .
 This is a sturdy peeler with swiveling twin blades and a built-in potato eye remover , which easily pares even the toughest skin of your fruits and vegetables , and carves out blemishes without damage . It produces thin rinds and peel with little or no pulp , and cuts on the first run every single time . Its blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight peelers do , and keeping you away from any stress-related injuries . You can even use it to quickly julienne vegetables like carrots , cucumbers , and potatoes , among others.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use.Its elegant , stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection . Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this essential tool one that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of relentless , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 OXO puts a lot of thought into ergonomics for their products , without adding significantly to their prices . That is why I 'm gradually switching all my kitchen gadgets to OXO brand . There are a number of knockoff items out there , and I 'd be interested to see if there 's a significant difference . But in the absence of significant price or quality differences I 'll go with the brand that I know . The peeler that I have is more comfortable to use , more efficient and less flimsy than my old all metal one .
 The BEST peeler I have ever used -- should be in every household . OXO products should be given at every bridal shower . Your hand fits the grip with ease and peeling pounds of potatoes and bunches of carrots does not tire you out .
 works really well , feels very good in your hand . after my extended family got to test it they requested that i buy each of them one !!! in total i bought eight !
 When it comes to peelers , there really is n't much to the design . But I 've found the Oxo to be better than your average peeler . The extra large grip makes it easy to handle and peel potatoes fast . Cleanup has been easy and it 's made its way through countless high temperature washes without a single problem . Solid peeler that is great for any kitchen .
 Maybe I 'm just not as much of a peeler-connoisseur as other people who have reviewed this item , but I really like it . I 've never had any problems with it , and especially compared to what I was using before it makes peeling potatoes a breeze .
 What more can I say ? It works perfectly in both directions . Like all OXO Good Grips stuff , the non slip handle is nice to use . You do n't have to be a senior citizen to appreciate it !
 I tried this in a kitchen store , bought it immediately and upon arriving home , I threw away the 4-5 other kind littering my drawer . Try this and you will never use another brand .
 Finally a kitchen tool that suits all of the chefs in the family . The swivel blade and great design make this THE peeler for left - and right-handed people . I finally do n't have to use a special left-handed peeler and actually get a sharp edge that peels smoothly . The large , squishy handle balances well in your hand and lets you peel as long as you have to without getting hand cramps . Bravo !
 Love the OXO Grip items I 've bought over the years . Emphasis on `` grip '' . This is one sharp peeler that shipped with a clear plastic cover snapped over the blade . I kept the cover and put it right back on the blade after washing . I do n't want the blade to get dull mingling in the drawer with all my other kitchen gadgets .
 I got mine years ago and just bought 2 for family members . Super easy to hold , good grip , comfy and sharp blade . Highly recommend !
 OXO products are of great quality . Simply put , OXO products are must haves in your kitchen . Each tool is designed to do a job and does it well . This baby is no exception . This is my second peeler and it wo n't be my last . Do n't worry my little peeler ... daddy will come and find you again ...
 I have used this peeler for several years . It 's my favorite shape and size ; very comfortable to use for big peeling jobs . . I love the rubber grip . I think the type of peeler you like is quite subjective , others have used this one in my kitchen and really do n't like it , but it 's the only one I would use !
 As a prep cook in a regional restaurant chain I peel & prepare 15-25 pounds of potatoes and anywhere from from 5-25 pounds of carrots every day , 5 days a week . At that rate of use I typically have to purchase a new OXO peeler every 12-15 months . By my estimates this means , if used properly , this product can practically last a lifetime of home use . This is the only piece of equipment I purchase for work with my own money , and I guard it from my fellow cooks like it 's made of gold . I highly recommend this product to anyone , however I would make several notes :1 -RRB- The blade comes from the factory EXTREMELY sharp , and will not hesitate to cause vicious injury if used improperly . Peeling cuts are quite painful and extremely difficult to stop from bleeding , so take caution . -- 2 -RRB- Swivel-blade peelers are by far the most effective and easy-to-use peelers when used properly , anyone who says otherwise is simply inexperienced or lacking in proper technique . Perhaps a youtube video can help give you some pointers ? -- 3 -RRB- OXO also makesOXO Good Grips Pro Y-Peeler , which orients the blade perpendicular to the handle rather than parallel -LRB- like this one -RRB- . I find Y-peelers to be rather wasteful in the amount of product they remove , but if you 're peeling primarily potatoes or other large items the larger contact area can definitely save time . -- 4 -RRB- I was surprised to see many reviewers state that the handle becomes a sticky mess over time when run through the dishwasher . A -RRB- The handle is rubber and therefore high heat will always deteriorate it , and B -RRB- no peeler should ever be run through the dishwasher ! To clean a peeler it should be soaked in warm , soapy water for at least 5 minutes -LRB- soaking is only vital if peeling carrots , as the beta-carotene can buildup over time and encourage bacteria growth -RRB- before being scrubbed gently using a non-abrasive towel or sponge . -- 5 -RRB- Note that when I say I replace my peeler used at work every 12-15 months , it is still more than capable of serving most people 's needs at that time , however I prefer having a VERY sharp peeler for the heavy workload . My home OXO peeler has lasted at least 7 years . -- 6 -RRB- I have rather small hands and this product 's handle is a bit large -LRB- the same handle used on many OXO products -RRB- but by no means unwieldy . Seeing as I typically spend an hour or more a day with this tool in my hand I suspect that those who complain about this handle are , again , lacking proper technique . -- 7 -RRB- As of this review , Amazon 's price for this product is $ 8 , which is outrageous . I typically purchase mine at Wal-Mart for ~ $ 5 , but I 'm sure MOST local groceries will carry this product for less than $ 8 + shipping . -- 8 -RRB- Amazon seems to provide each type of peeler from the OXO lineup -LRB- swivel-y , fixed-y , julienne , and serrated -RRB- except for the vertical fixed blade peeler .
 This is the next best thing to our broken ceramic bladed peeler . . The plastic on some of the ceramic bladed peelers die way before the blades do , unfortunately.Most metal bladed peelers just feel like cheapo garbage but we have tried OXO things and so far we like them , this now added to our arsenal of kitchen weapons of choice . I will say that this one is much safer than our former ceramic peeler , though a great peeler , you could shave horse hooves with it and not realize you just lost one or your finger tips in the process . -LRB- OXO is pricey yes , but they seem to stand up better than the rest of the items we have tried . We do have price limits though and are n't sworn slaves to always buy OXO and we too the price research on how long things last and how soon replacements are needed . IE by 3 of these for one of those and we get longer service out of 3 than the one at the same or better price . Of course it 's often like a lottery but the odds are if you can get some mileage for an acceptable time you may be able to get away with non-OXO brands but for the most part OXO is a solid choice as well as a solid feel in hand and usage - it takes the `` silverware shuffle '' well . -RRB-
 So far I have only used this peeler to peel potatoes because I have another peeler for carrots and other vegetables . It works well but the razor is loose and I do n't like that . I think it may have some function but my other peelers do n't have that and I find it a bit difficult to get used to it . Otherwise it fine , sharp and feels ok in hand .
 I purchased this years ago and have loved it from the start ... It 's so comfortable to hold , works in both directions - peeling away from your hand or towards your hand . We use it on cucumbers , potatoes , and carrots . Takes off just the right amount of peel with each swipe . It has held up fine in the dishwasher and seems to be still sharp enough , probably 15 years after we bought it ... LOVE IT and would highly recommend . The lines you see on the sides of the handle are great for gripping and compress as you squeeze them , so even with wet hands , the peeler does not slip !
 We now have 3 of these . Two at home and one at work -LRB- we juice a lot ! -RRB- When you do `` mega peeling '' , you need comfortable ; a peeler that does n't hurt your hand - this one is great ! This peeler takes just the peel off of the carrots and does n't cut so deeply into the flesh which preserves more fruit for us and more nutrients in the fruit . An excellent choice !
 In my humble opinion , this is the best of the many carrot peelers I have owned since I have really begun to focus on cooking . The grip is soft and easy to hold -LRB- an OXO trademark -RRB- , and the peeler itself does n't rust and is easy to wash off . The major bonus is that for those of you -LRB- like me -RRB- who could start to feel it in their wrist after they had been using a peeler for too long , I have not had that problem with this peeler!A good value and a good utensil .
 I really did n't believe it until I used one of these while helping my sister in her kitchen ... amazing . Of course I got one at the first opportunity . I did n't think I 'd like the OXO products because I do n't tend to care for the larger-sized handles , but it really is comfortable to work with and makes me look for an excuse to peel carrots . -LRB- BTWm their garlic press is great , too -RRB- What a sadly rare experience to buy something that 's so inexpensive but works so well .
 I have only used this product a few times on carrots , apples , persimmons , and other fruit . It peels well . Feels very solid , and is easy to clean . Typical OXO quality .
 My other peeler fell apart and I 've been using this one for about 6 months . It 's Excellent . Easy to use . Cleans up well . Does everything a flexible swivel peeler should do . It 's been perfect !
 I peel a lot of veggies . . every day . . and this is the best I have used . . bought a few as gifts . OXO anything is wonderfulpeel
 This peeler is very sharp , peels potatoes and carrots quickly and does n't require too much effort . No waste of the peels either , it just peels what needs to be peeled : -RRB-
 I 've tried numerous styles and manufacturers ' varieties , and none compare in quality and comfort . I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome and this peeler 's handle is perfect for my hands . It has a soft rubber handle with the perfect thickness for anyone with hand deformities or disorders . I also recommend this peeler for all hand sizes . The quality of the blade is excellent , and always removes the proper amount of vegetable material from carrots and cucumbers-not too thick or too thin in shavings . Works well for both left and right-handed people .
 Does the trick , I need 17 more words to submit this review , so Here goes . It is worth the price .
 Loved my old one . Loaned it to my neighbors and never got it back ... she says she gave it back and does n't have it . &#60; &#60; sigh &#62; &#62; I love my neighbor and it is not worth the battle . Replacement peeler all good ; neighborly friendship all good .
 I really like the ergonomical design of this peeler . It is great for peeling the outer layer of fruits and vegetables in addition to making salads with ribbons of carrots and other vegetables .
 I bought this because I have trigger fingers and thought the handle would help , but the handle is a bit too large . I have never had any problem with water getting into the handle and I sometimes soak this is the sink . It has one of the best cutting blades that can be used in a peeling toward or peeling away motion . Nice item for the price , it has lasted me longer than any other .
 this works nice and smooth ! I never thought it would be fun to peel potatoes , but it was with this product . Big handle is very easy on the hands . Could peel a whole bag with no discomfort with this .
 This product has a great handle and peels well.Has a natural swing . You can definitely avoid getting cut if you 're not lucky with knives like I am .
 This peeler is ideal - it 's sharp , easy to grip , flexible , simple to clean , and seems pretty durable . It 's more expensive than it could be , but it 's not overpriced and it really works well . No complaints from me on potatoes , cucumbers , zucchini , etc. .
 Like all OXO products , it 's well made and does the job it 's intended to do .
 Just like the last post , We had one of these for years . Ours too suddenly disappeared without a trace ! How wierd!Anyway , I went to my local walmart and they did not have this same model , so i settled for what they had in stock . Needless to say , I returned that piece of junk the next day , got a refund . And found one of these at another local store ! I couldnt believe what i had taken for granted in this potato peeler!It is still very sharp after years of use , the handle is very comfortable and the swivel on the blade works perfectly.I dont know what the diff is between this model and the $ 12 model also made by Oxo , but this one is fantastic!You will get years of use out of this peeler , untill maybe the aliens decide to snatch yours too !
 We had one of these for years and it worked perfectly until the day it mysteriously disappeared , stolen by evil space aliens . we immediately replaced it , but for a couple of days had to use a `` regular peeler '' with a dull blade - horrible . The Oxo stays sharp and just plain does the job !
 This is a wonderful peeler . I finally had to replace my old Ecko stainless steel peeler which I had used for over 30 years and I still have . However , I needed a more ergonomic type of handle . I tried other peelers with comfort-grip type handles , but they were never sharp enough to do the job quickly . I 've been using this peeler for at least 3 or 4 years and it still works great . You ca n't go wrong with this tool .
 Its great blade and handle makes for fast peeling jobs . Only thing would be
 I used an old metal vegetable peeler I bought at a garage sale twenty years ago until it broke . My family had bought several replacements over the years and nothing did even close to as good a job until this oxo . It 's comfortable to hold , very sharp and just as fast as my old one . Using the round eye remover takes some practice but once you get it , it works great . It 's dishwasher safe , so no more oven drying like my old one .
 This peeler is very comfortable to hold . It 's much easier on the hands than the older models with the metal , skinny handles . It 's great at doing it 's job . It 's a great peeler .
 works really good but extremely dangerous -- i manage to cut myself with it more than 30 % of the time -- yes i would buy this again but have reservations to recomend to a friend -- i would give very serious thought to wearing gloves when using this Ive been cooking for over 50 yearshth
 I did n't fully realize how nice this peeler is until I was at my mother 's over Christmas and tried to use two of hers . They were slippery , dull , and they HURT to use ! I had never understood that one peeler really could be better than another before that.This peeler is comfortable to hold , even at the end of a big job like peeling apples for a pie or potatoes for Thanksgiving dinner . It is sharp , so you do n't have to use a lot of pressure , which also helps decrease hand fatigue . All-in-all , a good product . ** Update 8/18/11
 I 've had this peeler for two years now , and it 's so easy to use I ca n't ever see using any other . It flies through potato skins , apple peels , carrots , even hard-to-peel celery stalks like it was greased . Comfortable to use , and makes quick work of fruit and vegetable prep.OXO stands behind their products , too . They really mean it when they say they guarantee your satisfaction ; I recently had a problem with a cookie scoop , and when I wrote them about it , they shipped me a new one , free of charge!You ca n't go wrong with OXO .
 After my beloved Tupperward brand peeler broke , I purchased a few different ones before finally finding one I like , this one.Comfortable handle , sharp blade , works great .
 If nothing else , the amount of time you save with this peeler makes it all worth it for me .
 This is the best peeling tool I have ever owned . Except for the first one I bought at a yard sale and wore out completely . I have never cut myself on this thing , and my hands have never cramped from usage . It 's a great addition to my kitchen .
 For a long time , my wife and I have been looking for a decent peeler . After buying many `` failures '' in shops we were absolutely delighted when we used the OXO Good Grips 20081 Swivel Peeler . In all our 55 years on this planet , we have never before experienced the sheer luxury that we experience when using this particular peeler . It is a dream to work with . We both highly recommend it .
 I first bought this peeler several years ago and thought it was great . Then I lost it -LRB- threw it out with the peels ! -RRB- and had to go back to a ` regular ' one . Ouch ! Now I really appreciate my Good Grips peeler.The big handle truly is comfortable and the blade never seemed to dull , even after four years of steady use . One reviewer mentioned how hard the peeler is to clean - but a swipe of a vegetable brush gets in the nooks and crannies nicely , so I disagree.It 's so easy to peel vegetables with this thing , and you do n't have to worry about taking the skin off your knuckles along with the peels . The eye-remover is a bit harder to use , but you ca n't slip and jab yourself with it either , which I really like.I love this peeler . I 'm not peeling potatoes again until I get my new one !
 I use this mainly for peeling potatoes and carrots , and the swiveling head really makes things easier . Construction is sturdy and does n't feel cheap at all.The little plastic cover for the blade helps for storage too !
 After using it almost everyday for almost a month . I am really impressed with this peeler . It works well with vegetables and fruits . So far I used it to peel gingers -LRB- very helpful , so much more convenient than using knife -RRB- , cucumbers , papayas , potatoes and taros . This peeler has yet to disappointed me . I gave it four stars because it is sometimes hard to clean . Also if it comes with a sleeve or a proper keeper , that would be nice . I just hate to see it being exposed to the air after being used and realizing that it will probably be rusted one day .
 I have been using cheap peelers all my life and decided to give this one a try to see what a good peeler can do . Well , I will never go back . It feels great in my hand and does a great job peeling . Well worth the price . By the way , I tried the OXO Good Grips Y peeler as well . I prefer this one .
 THIS PEELER WORKS FINE . JUST AFTER ORDERING IT FROM AMAZON I SAW IT AT WALGREENS FOR 4.99 ... THE EVERYDAY PRICE . I WOULD N'T BE SURPRISED IF IT COULD BE FOUND EVEN CHEAPER THAN 4.99 AT DISCOUNT STORES .
 Good Grips utensils are amazing !!!! Those days of the metal peelers that hurt your hands , are difficult to handle , and difficult to use are over ! This peeler is so smooth and so fast I can peel twice as fast . Its also more comfortable on your hands . You dont even have to use much pressure . This product is so good that I 've bought several other Good Grips products . This is an absolute MUST for any kitchen . I think its great for older cooks to . My grandmother had athritis and this peeler was great for her . The handle is larger and just fits the hand better than the metal ones .
 I have been using a Pampered Chef peeler and thought it was excellent . Well , my definition of `` excellent '' has completely changed now . I peel a lot of potatoes and this OXO peeler is WONERFUL ! It 's funny , the first time I used it I had to look down at the potato because it was so slick and smooth that I thought it must not be peeling . I thought maybe it had some kind of cover that was sliding over the potato . :-RRB- But it was n't doing anything but peeling . The only criticism that I have seen of this peeler is by some cooking snobs who want one peeler for every kind of peeling . Well , that 's nuts ! This is the top/best peeler , but it is n't a thin slicer . Other tools are made for that . If you want to bless either yourself or a dear friend or relative who loves too cook , get them this gormet tool and they 'll think of you every time they are in the kitchen . God bless . Mike
 The best thing about this peeler is the very comfortable handle . It 's easy to hold on to , plus its very sharp ! It makes peeling very easy , I 've used it on carrots and cucumbers with little trouble . Highly recommend !
 Two products I own are the epitome of form and function
 I was tired of cheap peelers that get dull and do n't work well , so I ordered this item . I was a little skeptical , but it is really easy to use . It fits well in your hand , so your hand does n't get tired . I have arthritis , so that is an important feature for me . Plus it is super sharp . The only suggestion I would have is , the blade comes with a sort of shield like you would find on a disposable razor . It is clear plastic , so it is super easy to loose . I , of course , promptly lost mine . I think it would help to keep the blade sharp if you kept the shield on when you are n't using it . If the shield were made in a color other than clear , it would be easier to keep track of .
 If you 're not a cook , then you probably wo n't have a use for this , but anyone in the search of a superior vegetable peeler , look no further . I 've had mine for over two years , and it 's working as well as the day I purchased it . It does n't dull , it peels efficiently , it 's safe , light , easy to handle , easy to clean , and does n't rust . It works well with potatoes , carrots , cucumbers , and zucchinis . I 've never tried chocolate , though . It 's crazily cheap that you should definitely give this product a try . I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
 This peeler makes fast work of carrots and potatoes . I make a lot of carrot juice and was looking for a peeler that would cut my time down in the kitchen . This peeler fit the bill . Definitely a good bargain and easy to use .
 I HATE peeling vegetables . It ranks up there with taking out the garbage in the pouring rain . This peeler makes it tolerable . You peel faster and better . It has a comfortable grip and the peels do n't go flying all over the sink so the clean up is easy . I also have not had a problem with the blade rusting . So , altogether the perfect peeler .
 Well , pretty awesome . I admit that my experience with this is going to be somewhat skewed by the fact that I was replacing 15 year old , never sharpened , totally dull , and slightly rusty vegetable peelers . Nevertheless , this peeler is sharp , ergonomic , and fast . Really fast . I almost like peeling vegetables for the cook in my kitchen now .
 This is the best peeler I have ever used ! I got one for my mother and since then we have given them to every person we know with a kitchen . I no longer dread peeling potatoes or carrots !
 I 've always found peeling potatoes to be painful . Even before I started to develop repetitive-motion problems with my hands , gripping a little metal handle was very uncomfortable , and I somehow always managed to graze myself while peeling the potato . This peeler changed all that ! The blade is the sharpest I 've ever used , and the grip is extremely comfortable and easy to control -- I have n't cut myself once using this peeler . No more sore hands ! It makes peeling potatoes a breeze .
 The product stood up to it 's name . it has a unique design with swiveling blade . A fixed design is easier to operate as it gives you more control and grip . This innovative design also is good if it only has strong joints that hold the peeling blade to it 's body .
 good quality , I bought one for my parents , and they said it is sharp and easy to use . then I bought two more for my grandpa -LRB- mom side -RRB- and grandmomidad side -RRB-
 I have never been disappointed by the performance or durability of OXO products . This peeler is no different . I highly recommend it .
 i 've never owned a peeler before this . only used my parents ' growing up . This must be a sign that you 're interested in cooking and eating better when you need a vegetable peeler !! i would recommend to everyone looking for a peeler . the grip is soft where you hold it between thumb and index finger . The hole on the grip is just big enough to hang this if you want .
 this new addition to my kitchen is now making life so smooth ;-RRB- ! it has actually encouraged me to add carrots to more of my cooking since it takes a mere few seconds to clean em up real good ... definitely well designed : handle grip , swivel blade , light weight
 As with all Good Grips products I have ever had the pleasure to use , this peeler peels well and is very comfortable to use . You could feed an army with potatoes without sore hands with this handy device !
 I do n't use it much , but here is my 2 cents : The handle design is godlike . It is comfortable to hold and extremely easy to grip.The head swivels and makes peeling much easier.It 's about as easy to clean as you 'd expect -LRB- maybe easier ; I was worried about all those nooks in the handle but as they 're made of soft rubber it 's easy -RRB- .
 To be candid I have always used the cheap metal peelers you may find in an old army movie , where a new enlistee has to sit and peel thousands of potatoes.Mine finally rusted so I decided to trust Amazon reviewers and go with this OXO peeler . It is truly great , peels easily and safe to hold . Great grip . Was able to go through turnips in no time.OXO is a brand I trust .
 I have never owned a potato peeler before , I 've always used a paring knife . My hands hurt everytime I would use my paring knife so I searched and found this and ordered it . I LOVE IT ! My hands do n't hurt anymore and it does a great job !
 Once again , OXO delivers a quality kitchen product . It 's a good peeler for just about any job peeling fruits or vegetables . I even use it to make little ribbons of vegetable and parmesan cheese . It 's stayed sharp for months and months . It 's comfortable in my hand and the rubbery handle is grippy , even when wet . Great general purpose peeler .
 I have a drawer full of potato peelers . This is the only one I use . The handle is comfortable and the swivel head makes peeling go much faster . I 've been using this Oxo Flexible potato peeler for years . It never breaks -- it works like a charm every time !
 Why would you keep purchasing cheap peelers and have to replace them over and over again when you can get one quality peeler and have it for a lonnnnnng time ? There is just no good reason to pass this peeler up ! The reason I went with this one is because my mother purchased the OXO handheld can opener and it is the best one I have ever had -LRB- electric and handheld -RRB- . Now I have the best peeler I have ever had ! Hooray !
 This product is so much better than the cheap supermarket peeler I have had in the past . The grip makes it easier to use and with the greater control you are less like to peel yourself than the intended vegetable product .
 This was included as a duo with the oxo can opener that i bought , i read the reviews but did not expect it to be as good as they claimed.It was and i am happy i choose to include it in my order . .
 I rather enjoyed this peeler . In fact , when I first used it , I was disappointed I did n't have more stuff to peel . This peeler does not require any elbow grease to move it down the vegetable and get it to peel -- you do n't have to apply any pressure . The handle is nice and big so it feels comfortable in your hand . The head swivels a bit so the blade can adjust to the contour of the vegetables quite easily which is necessary when you are peeling things like potatoes . I am glad I bought it .
 A peeler is pretty much a peeler . Although this one seems to be built better than most . It 's got a great handle , and seems nice and sturdy . Highly recommended .
 This is just what I needed . I am picky about my peelers , and this one is wonderful . Nice size handle , easy to use and very sharp . Better price here than going to the store : -RRB-
 This is one of two peelers I have on hand , the other being a generic/unknown branded peeler I bought at the grocery store . Between the two , this is by far my favorite . No , it is n't revolutionary . But I do think it is better designed than most . The handle has a nice contour to it that seems to be designed to fit in my hand . The handle material also has some cushioning to it , which I appreciate . It does n't completely eliminate the soreness in my hand if I do a substantial amount of peeling , but I do think it reduces it . Having compared to to my ` generic ' peeler , I 've noticed the other tends to make my hand feel uncomfortable and sore faster . Many products across the OXO line seem to have handles or grips made of a similar material and I always appreciate how they seem to reduce discomfort . Overall I think this is a great peeler . It 's not something you pick up and have an `` Oh wow this is amazing ! '' moment , but I do think it is much better constructed than other peelers I 've tried .
 Cooks were so happy to find replacement for the one that broke down after about 30 years of peeling daily in commercial kitchen !
 Great product . Excellent grip and easy to use . It has a sharp edge , which makes peeling easier . I would recommend this product .
 perfect grip and handle ... nonslip , very comfortable to hold no matter what you are peeling.superior quality ... neck will not bend from excessive force like the less expensive all metal peelers , we 've all seen/used them at least once.nicely designed swiveling surgically sharp blades that peels very thinly ... love it.blades also do n't bent or distort from excessive forcepeels effortlessly when compared to standard all metal peelers.scoop / notch at top to remove any dark spots inside potatoes , etc.don ' t bother with cheap peelers costing 3-5 dollars . you will only throw them away like I did.buy it once but buy it right ... OXO GOOD GRIP SWIVEL PEELER ... I love this peeler and highly recommend it !
 This OXO Peeler is the best made and the easiest to use . Apparently someone `` borrowed '' ours at a gathering we were having and we had to buy another after trying several others to our Dismay.OXO Is The Best hands down!Delivery Time was average .
 This is just what I wanted out of a potato peeler . It cuts just fine , and you 'd really have to try and cut yourself in order to do so . It 's a good product .
 comfortable , sharp and typical oxo quality and designi peel/slice everything with this thing . veggies , fruit , cheese , soap , do n't ask about the soap ...
 Handle is perfect for peeling pumpkins . Anyone who has ever peeled a pumpkin would know what a compliment that is for a swivel peeler !
 My mom has shaky hands and this works great for her . She uses it on oranges , and takes out the seeds with the little scoop at the tip too . Removes ` eyes ' on potatoes too .
 This was everything that it was advertized . However , some may like this elaborate and sturdy handle more than we do as we are used to the old simple metal peeler in the past that is thrown in the silverware drawer . This provides a nice way of hanging on a hook for the more organized cook than ourselves .
 Nice grip handle , peels with ease , sharp , good construction , I would recommend this item to any chef or everyday cook
 This is the best peeler at a great price . I actually bought another peeler from a high end knife company , I paid $ 30 and thought `` this has to be even better than my OXO '' . Well it was not even as good and I brought it back .
 I peel hundreds of pounds of potatoes every day at our restaurant , and I love my Oxo Peeler . All we make is Belgian Frites , and all we use to make them is fresh potatoes , a deep fryer , some oil , and this amazing Oxo peeler.This is an excessive amount of use , I know , but under all this stress , only one thing has gone wrong with this peeler . Unfortunately , it 's potato-eye remover has started to crack a little bit . I doubt this would happen under normal usage , but two hundred pounds of potatoes a day for a year would put stress on any peeler.If you are a restaurant peeling potatoes by hand , as we do , buy a few because the eye remover is really useful but it wears out . This feature does make peeling faster , and wastes less potato then just peeling down past the eye . This is definitely the best peeler you can buy , and for normal household use I bet the eye remover would never wear out .
 This is a sturdy peeler with swiveling twin blades and a built-in potato eye remover , which easily pares even the toughest skin of your fruits and vegetables , and carves out blemishes without damage . It produces thin rinds and peel with little or no pulp , and cuts on the first run every single time . Its blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight peelers do , and keeping you away from any stress-related injuries . You can even use it to quickly julienne vegetables like carrots , cucumbers , and potatoes , among others.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use.Its elegant , stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection . Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this essential tool one that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of relentless , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I purchased the OXO Good Grips Peeler back in 2000 and I have been using it ever since with no problems whatsoever . I originally bought it to replace the peeler that came in my Culinary School tool kit . That peeler had broken after only a month of use . But I have used the OXO peeler ever since , going on 5 years now . It feels great in my hands and peels potatoes , carrots and other vegetables perfectly . While I was in school my classmates were constantly borrowing this from me and asking me where I bought it . Even one of my Chef instructors loved it and would use it from time to time . If this peeler were to ever break on me , which it has shown no signs of doing , I would not hesitate to buy another OXO .
 If you 're like me , you 've probably always hated peeling vegetables , especially potatoes . This changed the first time I tried an OXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler . The grip is so perfect that it feels like an extension of one 's own hand . It makes my most hated kitchen chore fun . For that alone it is priceless !
 This peeler is very well made . Comfortable handle makes peeling much faster and easier.I 've had mine for years , peeling it way from potatoes and apples to oranges and carrots.It 's lasted me a long time with frequent , consistent use and it still looks a brand new.It has n't gone dull on me either , so I consider it one of the most efficient and practical purchases in my kitchen.I recommend it highly , no doubt anyone will love it .
 For years I thought that the veggie peelers I purchased time and again at the dollar stores were good enough . After all , a peeler just peels stuff -- so who cares.After trying this at a friend 's house while making some soup , I learned the error of my ways . I 'll never use one of those cheap things again!This is so comfortable to handle and work with , it made a job that I considered the worst part of the process the easiest ! -LRB- Why did n't anybody tell me that peeling potatos is not SUPPOSED to be a nightmare ? -RRB- GREAT little tool ! GIANT time-saver ! BIG bargain !
 I bought a Henkels peeler online and while waiting for it , I saw the Oxo and since I had nothing but good experiences with the brand , picked it up too , since there 's always a peeler in the dishwasher when I need one anyway ... I have poor quality peelers I got as bridal shower gifts that came in sets with other gadgets and you can tell the difference between the Oxo and them . I love this peeler and it 's just as sharp and even more hand friendly than the Henkels , which cost nearly twice as much.You know it 's good when a tedious chore like peeling potatoes is pleasurable . Oxo is a reliable brand . They 've never let me down .
 I decided to get a new peeler after suffering through a horrible evening of peeling a butternut squash with an inferior peeler . I bought the oxo peeler and it has been great . I do n't know if it has a sharper blade than most or what exactly it is about the peeler , but it makes peeling everything a breeze . Peel potatoes and apples by staying close to the skin and peeling off long pieces of skin at a time instead of small spots , a waste of energy . The only thing about this peeler I do n't like is that the design does n't allow for a sharp end , which would be helpfull when pulling out the `` eyes '' of potatoes .
 For short money this peeler is comfortable in the hand and works better than more expensive peelers I 've tried . Cook 's Illustrated rated this peeler # 1 for swivel peelers . We 've used it almost daily for three months on hard and soft vegetables , cheese and even meats , and could n't be happier with it .
 This has got to be one of the best value items I have ever purchased for my kitchen . Sounds crazy to love your peeler , but I do . Fell in love again this Thanksgiving . Between the cushioned handle and swivel blade , my hand does n't cramp , or slip if I am peeling under running water.No gimmick - just good design .
 Like many of the `` Good Grips '' products , it 's really astounding how much better this peeler is than `` traditional '' peelers -LRB- you know , the all-metal , slightly rusty thing that had been in your utensil drawer since you bought at at the supermarket when you were stocking the kitchen for your first apartment -RRB- . This inexpensive gadget produces much better results , much faster and more comfortably , than any other peeler I 've ever used . It works equally well on potatos , carrots , apples , etc. . It 's cheap -LRB- $ 5 - $ 6 for an essential kitchen tool you 'll own for years -RRB- and works great ; why in the world would n't you buy it ? If you cook and you do n't own one , stop reading and buy one now . It 's a no-brainer .
 I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers . It is much easier to hold . It is great for carrots , potatoes , chocolate for fondue , etc. .
 My mom got this first and I loved it . It is always sharp and ready to peel , though I had a difficult time the other day with a nectarine ;-RRB- The rubber handle is comfortable and the end to take out eyes -LRB- potato , not the hubby -RRB- works great . It is easy to clean too . Never seems to need sharpening , I have lugged this one from Alberta to Manitoba to Virginia and wherever else life , God , and my hubby may lead me : -RRB-
 This is a terrific utensil ! I love the ability to grip this thing comfortably and the quality of the blade itself . I 've gone through dozens of veggies in one sitting and surprised myself at the speed and comfort with which I 've done it ! Buy this peeler ASAP !
 First off let me say that the OXO Good Grips Professional Series is the best knives on the market for the price . Any good chef will tell you that you only need 3 or 4 really good knives . While this knife is n't a must , it does make cutting bread loaves a snap and you do n't need to worry about racking your knuckels on the cutting board when you slice through . Sharp , durable , comfortable . I recommend this knife and the entire OXO Professioal line .
 I was surprised when it came that part of the stated size was a white border , making the actual picture only 8X10 . This worked out fine , however , as I was able to purchase an 11X14 frame with a white matting that matched the border size . Quality was what you would expect for what I paid for it . Looks nice enough in the frame .
 This Corer works very well , I use it to core Potaoes for Bakeing , and also to core smaller ones for faster cooking . the grip is just right for a good grip with no slipping . this is 100 %
 Bought this for my daughter , but she found one elsewhere , so I kept it . It 's great to core apples for my grandson who like eating the `` whole '' apple .
 I love this product ! It has made making homemade baby food sooo much easier ! Cores perfect diameter for apples . Easy to remove core from product . Does n't take too much effort to push thru apples . Grip is comfortable . Super product !
 When I first considered this product , I thought that having a corer was unnecessary . I do n't like having gadgets that only do one task , but this product has made any apple preparation an absolute breeze . It makes it easier to eat healthy and avoid the seeds . OXO makes quality goods , and this is no exception . I am happy with this product and would recommend it to fellow apple lovers .
 This corer is an excellent tool for making it much easier to eat fruits like pears , apples , etc. and not have to nibble around the non-edible parts or use a knife to cut around the non-edible parts.I was very surprised , also , at how hard it was to find this tool locally . I checked several food stores and department stores without luck.It 's well constructed and rugged . I have had no problems with the many fruits I have cored with it ! The easy grip handle also makes it easier to use.My godmother , who I purchased one for also , was also very happy with it ! She had never used one before and said that it was excellent for eating all types of fruits.This is an excellent tool and I highly recommend it !
 Works great - it makes apples duck soup to prepare . I use it on small apples , which have smaller cores . I core an apple then nibble the core before discarding . It 's as twist , push , through , pull , and nibble.Apples are such a great snack that I no longer reach for junk food .
 I needed an apple corer to dehydrate apples into apple chips . Man I was goin through like 9 apples a day with this bad boy ! Thank GOD for the ergonomic grip or my virgin hands would have definitely gotten fatigued .
 Great little tool , havent given it the torcher test yet , but for everyday take the core out applications it works great and as usual got it fast from Amazon ...
 The Oxo Good Grips Corer Worked great right out of the box . It is made strong and easy to hold .
 I 've looked for an apple corer for months . Ca n't find them in any stores , at least not where I live . I finally found this one at Amazon and it works great !
 I broke the last apple peeler/corer we had as I was processing this year 's crop and decided to get a designated corer . I 'll keep this short ... the OXO has a solid feel , easy to handle grip and it cores apples with minimal effort . What more do you need to know about such a simple device ?
 Before buying this product , I used an apple corer and divider . I hated using it because I 'm petite and it would take me 5 minutes of using all of my strength to core the apple and have it cut into wedges . I am starting to eat healthier and decided to buy this apple corer to see if I liked it better . I love the OXO Good Grips Corer ! It takes just seconds to core the apple and the core is easy to remove from the corer . The handle is comfy and easy to grip . Cleaning the corer is also easy . I use this to core small and medium-sized apples and the core comes out completely . However , I do not think the core will come completely out with larger-sized apples because of the size of the head . Overall , I would definitely recommend this product .
 Corer works well for cupcakes , the main reason I bought it . Easy to clean , easy to use ... beats the heck out of a knife . I have n't used it on fruit , and probably wo n't , so ca n't comment on traditional use . Sorry about that : -RRB-
 I think this product works very well . I used it once to core a bunch of apples to make dried apple slices . I also use it occasionally the core tomatoes that have the little white stalks in the middle of them , even though the tomato slices basically fall apart afterward . Nonetheless , makes a clean cut and removes the core in one piece .
 OXO has great products . We love our peeler and this Corer makes life with preschoolers that much easier . I can quickly core and peel an apple faster than my 20 month old can spill her water and my 4 yr . old can change her mind about wanting an apple for snack !
 This corer lives up to the excellent reputation OXO has established with it 's line of kitchen products . It feels good in the hand , and it is built to last .
 I love this kitchen gadget ! It has already saved me so much time when getting snacks for my kids . The design allows for the core to be easily removed from the corer . My only complaint would be that the inside edge of the apple seems to brown quickly after cutting it with this , but I can handle that and throwing the apples in some lemon juice or orange juice right away helps slow down the browning .
 I absolutely love this corer ! It 's incredibly easy to use , and the best part is that it does n't seem to have any sharp edges I can cut myself on . Clutz-approved ! Despite lacking sharp edges , it still cuts through an apple very easily and without a lot of force . OXO handles are great , as I have quite a few of their other products in my kitchen , and this has lived up to it 's non-slip standard . If you miss getting all the seeds out the first time , no worries ! It comes out as easily as it goes in and and you can try again . Just try not to get too crazy with it , or you 'll end up with a bunch of apple cylinders and no apple left !
 This corer works pretty good , takes the core out very well . Sure saves pain in your hands and losing a lot of product by trying to remove core with a knife.Cuts into the core a lot better than I thought it would.Linda
 This apple corer is awesome and very high quality . It is very easy to use . I am so glad that I bought it . My kids really enjoy eating the apple rings that I make from it and also eating apple ring and peanut butter sandwiches . A great product that inspires us to eat healthier .
 Yes , you can use this to core apples . You can also use it to hollow out baking potatoes to make `` stuffed potato bombs '' . And it works like a charm for that too . See the bbq pit boys recipe on youtube ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Good quality apple corer , the rigid/spiked tip makes it very easy to insert into the apple . Does exactly what its supposed to do . I recommend
 Why did I wait so long to buy an apple corer ? Probably because I have so many kitchen tools , I did n't think I needed one more tool ! This OXO Good Grip Corer is heavy duty with a study handle and works effortlessly like a dream .
 Does just what it 's supposed to - cores apples perfectly every time . The size of the corer takes away only the core and the serated edges make it really easy to shove through the apple . The grip makes it very easy to hold and maneuver . Dishwasher safe and a great product - would definitely recommend .
 Had a corer in the past , and it was just too small , I think , so I went to the combination corer/divider , but it does n't work well on apples that are off center , etc. . Decided to bite the bullet and try this one , since it was so well rated , and I like OXO products ... happy that I gave it a try , as I 'm finally satisfied !
 I use this tool every day and love it . It 's very well built , simple , functional , easy to use , and only takes a few seconds to clean . What more can you ask for ? It 's really a time saver and makes eating apples more enjoyable because you do n't have to deal with the seeds . It also cores pears.To use it all you do is line up the center of the apple , apply a little pressure while turning the handle slightly and it takes out the core with very little effort . If you love apples and pears , this is a must have tool .
 I ordered this item to create the hole in the center of donuts ... not only does it work for what I needed but , is VERY handy otherwise and is easy to use and hold onto .
 When I purchase a tool for a job in the preparation of food , I really want it to be a time saver and to perform the job easily and well . This corer works for me and I have used it every day since it arrived . Thanks for another excellent product OXO !
 Have had one of the oxo good grip corers for years . A friend wanted one so I gave her the one I had . Bought 3 , 1 for home and 2 to give for presents . They work great . Other brands do not core as big a hole .
 This device is really single-purpose , i.e. , you insert it straight down over the top of an apple and when you pull it up the core is removed cleanly . It works ! The blade is adequately sharp , the handle is ergonomically pleasing , the corer is easy to clean ; hey , what 's not to like ? The Oxo appears to be solidly made so I expect to be coring apples -LRB- and maybe pears ? -RRB- with it for years to come . Five stars !
 I like eating apple wedges with skin on , and so does my husband . However he doesnt like to fiddle with paring knives and I sometimes skip this healthy snack , just from laziness . It sometimes seems a lot of work performing the usual quartering and then cutting out little pieces of core from the quarter , ending with core bits and seeds and juice dripped around . I decided to try a corer , so I initially purchased another brand of corer , last month , but after one use I repackaged it and took it back - the cut diameter was way too small for the size of apples i like -LRB- large Red Delicious -RRB- . Most of the core was still inside the apple ! Then I ordered this OXO one from Amazon , due to the good reviews.I can say yes it really works very well . Actually so well that my husband will now fix himself his own apple snacks with it.This OXO corer is easy to handle , easy to clean , and it takes out a decent sized core , with almost no missed core left behind . It removes a circle of twice the area of the old useless one i returned . The actual inner diameter of the OXO corer is 3/4 inch or 19 mm . The thickness of the actual steel is 1 mm . The length of the steel is just around 4 inches long and the rubber handle is just about 4 inches long . The rubber handle is oval in cross section and there is decent sized hole at the end of the handle for hanging it up . There are nice little rubber `` fins '' build in to the rubber handle to make pressing down easy on the thumb and fingertips.For the person who was concerned about the browning on the cut surface
 I was a little skeptical about this because the corers I 've used in the past usually just mangled the apple . This one gives a nice clean cut and goes in and out relatively easy . The only fault which really is n't the product 's fault is that the apple needs to be perfectly straight up and down to get ALL of the core out and can waste a little bit of apple if it 's not .
 I ordered this because it received a recommendation by Cook 's Illustrated . They were absolutely right . This is a terrific tool , easy to use , easy to clean , very well designed !
 Excellent corer , and it 's great also for making a hole to prepare your cupcakes for filling . I do n't like unitaskers and most of the cupcake plungers are made of plastic ; some leave too big a whole , some not a big enough hole . This one is just perfect .
 I bought two of these to use for canning pears . My husband and I just used them to core a bushel of pears for canning . I canned 38 jars of pear halves for making pear salads . With my bad arthrithic thumbs , I could n't have done it without the large grips on these corers ... Coring an apple would be a breeze with these considering how well they cut into those hard canning pears ... Well worth the cost ...
 This item turned out to be even more handy than expected . Works like a charm every time and is a snap to clean !
 Easy to grip and use . Does not bend out of shape like some apple corers do .
 This corer works beautifully every time . No more seeds left in an apple after coring . I find that it works much better to use this followed by a knife to make apple slices than to use those corer/slicer tools , as the latter are frequently too small , or move through the apple at an angle , leaving seeds in the slices .
 I bake apples for the guests at my Bed & Breakfast . I have always used a knife to core apples and really hated the chore . My husband said , `` It would be easier if you used the right tool for the job . '' My work is now much faster , more accurate , and so easy that I do n't mind making baked apples any more .
 I have looked for an apple corer that did n't peel the apple for years when I found this one . I love it !! It works perfectly , if I do n't line it up just right and a few seeds are left , it is easy to adjust and get those few seeds . It is sturdy and wo n't break and I would definitely recomend this product and buy it again . Price is right .
 I like the handle - it is very nice to grip . The corer works very well the first try
 It bends ! The metal tube is not heavy so on several occasions it has bent and I had to squeeze it back in line . I only use it on Granny Smith apples and they are firm , but not THAT firm ! Compared to how I used to prepare my apples this is so very much better . I eat apples much more often now !
 When the late night munchies set in , and all the M&M ; 's , Reese cups & chocolates are all gone , it 's time to turn to FRUIT ! This coring device is just the ticket.Using moderate twisting downward force that is centered on the core , apples , pears etc , are cored quite cleanly , almost all the time . The times it is not perfect are either because you were n't perfectly centered on the core when you pushed down -LRB- happens to the best of us occasionally -RRB- , or the core is unusually larger than normal . Well you just look down the hole where the core USED TO BE , and `` trim '' any leftover seeds or core remnants by selectively `` coring '' again . You end up with fruit that you can LOOK THROUGH.Let 's face it ... when eating an apple or a pear , the end result is that you are stuck looking for a place to ditch a fruit core . With one of these , all you end up with is damp fingers , from handling a washed apple -LRB- you DID wash it before you ate it , did n't you ? hahaha -RRB- . It is hard to overstate the COOL FACTOR about this . When you are done eating a CORED apple , the apple is COMPLETELY GONE from your hand.If you looked at this web page in search of a good corer , then you will in all likelihood be happy with this after you try it .
 This corer works exactly as advertised , it makes coring the apples extremely easy . The size of the whole seems perfect to get the full core out without taking out tons of extra apple . To me this is fairly straight forward , either it works well or it does n't , and for me this product works perfectly .
 I like eating apples with peanut or almond butter , but I used to hate trying to cut the center out of each apple slice . This device has fixed that problem . I put the apple on top of a cutting board and then push the Corer straight through the center of the apple . It is large enough to get the entire core out of small to medium sized apples .
 As far the typical apple corer , it 's a good one . It 's got a nice handle and goes in smoothly . The corer part could be a bit wider , but that 's something I 've run into with other corers .
 A great tool as are all OXO tools I 've tried . I understand they can not make it too sharp for safety reasons , but if it were just a little sharper it would be 5 stars . Being dull , it 's safe , but requires too much pressure to push through an apple . Ironically , applying the extra pressure actually makes it less safe because it 's not as stable when one has to push so hard .
 Purchased this as a gift for someone who wanted a cupcake corer . She said it works great and makes the filling process a lot easier . Definitely recommended !
 This thing does a good job . Only the largest of apples give it any trouble and that is just because the core is bigger than usual . That can be easily addressed by using it to scoop the rest of the core with a second pass.very easy to use and does the job well . Cleans up easily .
 Nice sharp apple corer . Works as you would expect . I would have liked it to be slightly larger diameter , but for most of the apples it removes enough of the core . I would purchase this again .
 I like it , it does everything I expected it to do . It gets the core out of the apple , that is all that matters .
 A simple well made tool for a job that had been harder than necessary.It is not as good as someone else doing the job for you but many times better than using a knife which was my old style.I am juicing a lot of apples and it really helps .
 works well , pricey but what isnt these days . it is what is is . If you dehydrate apples , it is perfect for decreasing your workload .
 This works as good as any corer should . You do n't have to push down to hard to get the result you want . The hole is wide enough to get everything out . Great product .
 This is a nice sturdy corer ; I wanted one like my grandmas but this one works as well .
 This is the only corer that I was worried about -LRB- I bought three different styles because of the differences in my family -RRB- , but this little guy is great . It does n't feel bulky and it does look kind of lightweight but it is n't . This little guy goes right through the skin and does a good fast job of going through the apple . On large , irregular apples it may need a second pass but it is not a problem for this corer . This could only be better if it made a larger hole but I would n't want to give up its narrow tip to make a larger core.The narrow tip is what makes this corer nice , because you can go back in the core to get those stray seeds that get missed and not make a bigger hole .
 This is the best apple corer ever . I use it every day . On larger apples it can leave a small amount of the core behind , but not a big deal .
 I bought it two months ago and I have been using it almost everyday . I love it !
 I use this corer everyday . It is very easy to use and works great . I have had it for about a month now and it is the best corer I have had . I would recommend it .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to core lots of apples for drying . This tool is easy to use ; it makes this type of chore so much easier . I looked at other reviews before I purchased this kitchen tool ; they were right on as to its usefulness .
 If you need an apple corer , this one works very well . It is comfortable to use and cores apples quickly and easily . I do n't find myself using it very often , though , so an apple slicer that automatically cores the apple might be the better fit for some people . It just depends on what sorts of desserts and recipes you use . However , if you ever need the tool to core an apple without slicing it , this is an awesome brand .
 I followed the recommendation of Cook 's Illustrated in buying this . The corer is so much better than the half circle corer I used growing up . Solid handle is easy to grip and gives you enough torque that it feels almost effortless to use . The hardest part is aiming the thing so it goes through the center of the apple . Also the size of the core extract is a little on the small side for the biggest apples . A little of the core is left in the apple , but for normal store sized apples it works great . Highly recommended !
 Corer worked nicely , was easy to do , easy to get the core out of it . Just wish it was a teeny tiny bit wider so i didnt miss some of the seeds , but all in all , it worked really well , and came on time
 This is the first corer I 've ever owned so I have nothing else to compare it to , but I like it . If your apple core is slanted when the apple is sitting on the counter , you should tilt the apple while pushing down on the corer so that it can go straight through and get the whole core . That 's not the corer 's fault though . It is also easy to clean .
 I was very pleased with this product . It is very sturdy and very easy to use . I have a couple of recipes that I like to use a mandolin to thinly slice apples , and to be able to perfectly core them with this tool makes it easy for me to get as much of the apple as possible , quickly .
 I learned about this brand through the Today 's show one morning . And they were not kidding -- This company does have great products!I uploaded a picture to illustrate how well the corer does the job . Everything came out nicely and neatly . All it took was bit of turning and pushing , and then the whole core came out like a beauty ! I just love it ! Plus , it saves so much time.Yes -- the handle/grip is absolutely well designed . It fits in my hand well and it does n't slip at all .
 I was a bit concerned that the core would stick in the tool , but it was easy to dislodge . It is really great to be able to core an apple and use it whole .
 I 've been looking around for an apple corer -LRB- and hopefully cheaper than Pampered Chef -RRB- and stumbled upon this one . AWESOME bargain ! My kids have enjoyed apple ring snacks -LRB- smeared with peanut butter and sprinkled with granola -RRB- and baked apples with brown sugar ! My son has a habit of munching the apple through the core , but will not eat an apple that has been cut up . This corer has been the perfect solution , as I can keep it in tact and remove the core for him . Very sturdy , easy to use and a steal for the price !
 After a long hard search I found this corer . I needed something to core cupcakes with . It works PERFECTLY !! I highly recommend this item for anyone in need of a good tool to use during baking .
 You slam this thing down into an apple and PRESTO - gross seeds and tough core are gone-zo . I like to dehydrate apples , and this has simplified that process by a million minutes . The little teeth at the end help it break the waxy apple skin , and a quick turn pulls the core out .
 Fast and easy ... I did n't think I would have much use for this but now I find myself using it all the time .
 I have loved all of my OXO products so I had high expectations for their apple corer . They delivered ! The handle is very comfy , even after coring 25 + apples . And I love that I can toss it into the dishwasher .
 This is great for smaller apples because the diameter is narrower than others I 've seen . It tough , durable , and works really well . I leave it in the sink for days sometimes after use and it never rusts , so that leads me to believe it 's made out of great material .
 This corer makes the job of coring apples and pears an easy job . It 's easy to use and to clean . It is simple and well made . The size of the hole is fine for medium sized fruits . For a bigger fruit , after I core and slice it , I place the slices flat on the cutting board and use the corer to remove remaining core . Most important of all , my kids love eating more fruits when they are sliced into rings .
 This apple corer works WONDERFUL ! i love it and i would recommened it to anyone looking for an easy way to core an apple . .
 We ordered two of these and they work really well when it comes to preparing apples for the pies . Great quality and price ... which , of course , makes for a Great Deal !!!!
 I got tired of coring apples with a regular knife ... after looking for this item in over 30 stores , I finally decided to just order one ... it definitely does what it says its supposed to do ... thanks OXO . . you make a nice product .
 Does exactly what I wanted it to do , core apples ! I was trying my hand at brandied apples and needed this specifically for the task . Works great !
 the best there is - great buy for apple coring and very useful for making baked apples . 5 stars i would recommend
 As with most Oxo products , this device worked as well as expected and is well made and easy to use and clean . I recommend this for anyone in need of a good corer for apples .
 I used to quarter my apples and then cut out the core from each slice . What a chore ! My apple-cutting time have been chopped in half ! Making lunches for my family has gone from a duty to a delight . What a great tool !
 This thing works amazingly ! Everytime , anytime . It really does a good job of coring with minimal effort . I use it to core apples to put in the microwave with brown sugar and cinnimon for dessert . Love this item . Worth the cheap price !
 This corer is far superior to the older , wooden one that I had . It cores a wider hole in the apple , which helps to get the whole core almost every time . That it is dishwasher safe is another bonus !
 I just bought this apple corer in a local supermarket . I was using a six blade apple slicer/corer but I had to give it up because the darn thing would slice my fingers up when I pushed out the apple core from the center of the gadget . Now I have this and I love it . With an easy grip handle it makes coring an apple a piece of cake . One push and it 's all done . It 's not a hard push either . It is very sharp , but unlike the apple corer/slicer , it does n't cut my fingers to pieces . When the apple is cored cutting it into many cubes or slices is a breeze . It is a very quick job to cut an apple that has been cored . . I think I will give this corer to my friends and let them save their fingers as well . Great product and very functional , it comes out of the dishwasher as sharp as it went in . I would rate this corer 5 stars for functionality and usefulness .
 I have several OXO Good Grips gadgets in my kitchen and I find they are consistently well designed and do the job they are meant to do and do it well . This corer is right up there with the best of the OXO tools . The handle is large and sturdy and helps me get a good grip so I can get the core out with one motion . I have really bad arthritis in my hands so if this tool did not perform well , I 'd be looking for a replacement.I find this size takes out just the right amount of core . I tend to buy organic when possible and those apples are generally a little smaller than conventionally grown ones . This corer takes out just enough so the seeds and little tough seed casing is removed without taking too much of the apple flesh.Very pleased with this product and happy to recommend .
 Apple corers have always been a pain . The kind wth the handles that you center over the apple and push down into wedges ... those just do n't work well . If the core is off center , you end up with a difficult cut and having to pare away the core from the slices.This Oxo Good Grips Corer is nice . The trick to using this one is to twist as you push and yo get a much cleaner coring . I used this and then slice the apples into rings ... my kids love it .
 This corer works very nice . Although sometimes I halfway miss the core , and have to go through again -LRB- my issue not the corer -RRB- . It 's very easy to push through and core , and takes a nice clean section out of the apple . If you 're making apple dumplings , pie , etc it makes the apples look very `` professional '' .
 I use it all the time.Slight twist and push down and you are done . Great product .
 I bought this to core cucumbers so I could recreate a Sushi dish I enjoyed . It works well and after looking all over Spokane and going to kitchen specialty shops I was very happy to find one on Amazon .
 Apparently , apple seeds contain trace amounts of arsenic . For that reason , I decided to start coring my apples before juicing them.Pros
 Effectively pulls out the apple core . Money well spent . I would recommend this for the purpose it was designed for .
 Not only do I use it to core apples for pie , I also use it to make filled cupcakes . Just push down the center of the cupcake to nearly the bottom , twist and pull out . Fill the inside and replace with just the top . Wonderful !
 does the job Apple killer no seeds left behind , bananas are safe for now easy to clean highly recommend great quality .
 Very sturdy and works well . I use it to core my apples before I slice for my food dehydrator . I purchase a fancy table apple and potato slicer , but for the volume I do ... this is fast enough .
 I 've seen different products for apples and onions that look like they do the same thing . I needed something for both and this fits the bill.I roast and smoke apples and onions both -LRB- not together ... -RRB- in the grill and in the smoker all the time . Some of my more popular and requested items actually , so I have a need for this in more than just one way.To core your apple or onion , if it does n't simply push straight through , all you have to do is twist it slighly back and forth while pressing down . It cuts cleanly and does n't take out too much either , no real waste to speak of . For larger items you may need to go through it one more time taking out the extras but for regular or medium-large items this takes everything out in one push.Works perfectly , has a `` good grip '' per the name , is very solid and cores easily . Highly recommended kitchen gadget that will certainly get its uses around my house.-D
 does the trick & my kids love using it so they 've been eating a few more apples and an apple a day ...
 Not much to say here . It does the job . I 've used it on a few dozen apples , put it through the dishwasher , and its still working . I wish it was a little sharper , it 's takes some force to break the skin of the apple .
 I bought this apple corer so I could core my apples more easily than with a knife . It works as advertised so I 'm happy ! : -RRB-
 I got this because my husband will not cut up and core an apple . But he 's happy to use this . My only issue with it is that sometimes it does n't get the entire core depending on the size of the apple or if the stem area is lop-sided . He loves it . I use a knife .
 When these chopsticks arrived , my son and I headed straight to the Sushi restaurant to use them . The rest/holder makes them very convenient . We have enjoyed them very much .
 I actually purchased three of these knifes seperately -LRB- before the block came out on the market -RRB- . I could n't be more pleased . The blades of the knifes hold an edge very well and the grips are comfortable and ergonomic . Anyone who is familiar with the OXO line of products will be surprised by the slightly different feel of the handles . Instead of the smooth , cool rubberized handle of their other kitchen tools , these knifes have a textured finish that allows for a sure grip and easy handling . The blades are high quality steel and similar to those found on other , more expensive lines of cutlery . Overall , the knifes are an excellent , reasonably priced product worth every penny . I would recommend these knifes to anyone looking for professional quality at amatuer prices .
 I picked out these knives based on the OXO name and the price . For this price you get a quality set of knives which are very sharp . The OXO warranty , which I have exercised on another product , is very impressive . If anything breaks , OXO will replace it promptly . Other reviewers that rated this set poorly should have sent their knives back.I have been using this set for over a year and could not be happier . It is true that there are better cutlery sets , but for a significantly higher price . I have had no problems with my MV-55 's nor have other family members who own the same set . Other reviews state that the knives lost their edge , however with frequent sharpening -LRB- as should be done with all knives -RRB- they stay as sharp as the day they were purchased .
 I just got this set and already I 've cut myself . Not a bad thing - shows you how sharp they are . I love the handles and the block is very solid - I 've seen blocks alone sell for half the price here on Amazon , so this is a great deal for 5 knives , the sharpener and the block . Dishwasher safe , but handwash for best maintenance , as is true with most good knives . The handles give slightly and are very comfortable . Plus , the weight is well balanced ... a bit on the heavy side towards the front , but makes for easier cutting , I 've found .
 OXO makes excellent products and this set is no exception . On the side of the box they offer a generous guarantee : If for any reason you are not satisfied with an OXO product , return it for repair , replacement or refund.These set sells at many retailers for $ 150 or more and they are an excellent value at that price . If you get them for less online , that 's all the better . I have OXO utensils throughout the kitchen and have never had any trouble , and I would highly recommend this set .
 I went looking for these knives after reading a review by a prominent test kitchen that gave it higher marks than both Wustoff and Henckel . I bought one of the knives and have loved it since . The blade has kept a great edge , the product has held up well , and I expect to be using this piece for the extent of my cooking career . I plan to acquire the knife set in the near future after successful testing of my own . Many people would have us believe that unless you have a specific brand of knife , you are clueless about cutlery . I would argue that many people do n't actually know how to use their knives , and thus a good product gets ruined or goes to waste in their hands . I think OXO should keep up the good work , and keep making great knives at fabulous prices .
 This works great but is a much finer grate then I realized from the picture , more of a zester really .
 I like the handle , the curved grater , the ease of handling . This product really works well with cheese , eggs , seasonings , etc. .
 Was looking for a good quality hand grater that did n't have a lot of plastic on it , this one is great .
 I like the grater . It does the work that needs to be done . It would have 5 stars if it was a bit more sturdy . It 's a bit flimsy and bends slightly when grating , other than this small issue , I would buy it again .
 This style just makes more sense . I got mine included in a utility crock . Simple , straightforward and a boon in the kitchen .
 Pardon the pun , but using a grater can sometimes be a really grating experience ! Most have thin inadequate handles , are hard to manipulate , are too large , too small , or just leave a huge mess for cleanup . I have a number of other OXO products and have been thrilled with them , thanks to their very user friendly grips and was equally excited to find this grater . Now that I have I can give away all the others cluttering my drawers and cupboards as none comes close to working as well as this . I have the old box style one with four edges , but honestly with a food processor who needs it , not to mention it develops rust . With this easily held grater you can position yourself over a plate , a bowl , a pan or whatever , and make precisely the grating you need . And did I mention the handle ? Even though I 'm hardly elderly or suffering infirmity , it 's nice to have a grip that is easy on the hands instead of some thin one that 's hard to hold.I ca n't say enough good things about the OXO line of products . They excel at utility , ease of use , and durability . Any chef or gourmand should be using them .
 This little grater was given to me as a wishing well gift at my bridal shower 5 years ago . I still love it ! It has never failed to perform on hard cheeses or spices . Quick and easy ! It 's a sharp little sucker , so with some elbow grease , you 're done in no time . The only thing it does n't do well is zest , but hey ... that 's what zesters are for !
 Great price , and a handy kitchen tool . Good for grating garlic and lemon zest . I have carpal tunnel syndrome so I appreciate the handle too .
 Cheap too . Works great . Will take the place of many microplane jobs for me . That super sharp microplane still scares me after all these yrs ! The Oxo 's handle just might be too big . Easy to clean . All my Oxo purchases -LRB- except the pepper grinder , a total waste of money that one ! -RRB- have been winners and worth it at twice the price .
 We bought this hand grater to replace an aluminum hand grader with a looped rolled aluminum handle . That honestly was a pain to use.This grater has a very comfortable handle and does an excellent job compared to what we had been using.I would recommend this and all of the OXO Good Grips items to any of my Family and friends .
 This OXO product is another winner . I like the padded handle , and it really remains straight while grating a hard hunk of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese . The cheese does not fly all over the place either . It washes up easily in hot soapy water . Take a few seconds after you wash it to towel dry it . Cheese graters are famous for rusting , and I do n't think even the OXO brand is immune to that .
 First , the grater in the above picture is not the one that showed up at my doorstep . The grater I received has a black handle , a fine grate , and does not have anything to catch food when it falls . However , it still works great ! I like it most for hard cheeses and it is very sharp - watch your fingers - not a good tool for a kid to use helping out his/her mom in the kitchen .
 These good grips kitchen tools are well made for the money . This grater is great for hard cheeses . The rubberized handle has a very professional feel .
 Nothing special but does the job . I like OXO quality and this is no exception . It has been a handy kitchen gadget .
 This is a sturdy grater and the grater holes are small . I do n't often grate more than 1/4 cup of cheese , and with more patience than a large hole grater would take , I can grate a cup of cheese if needed . This is just the right size for me and with a little rinse and dry , it goes back in the drawer . My regular box grater takes a bit more time to clean and work on getting all the cheese out of all the holes then dry without scratching my skin .
 This throw its perfect so comfortable and incredible !! The quality is well made you can place it on your bed or sofa . I am a huge beatle fan !! I wanted to get this for a long time I also have one for the rubber soul cover . You wont be dissapointed you will enjoy this for sho !! The seller sends it to you quick in a beutiful shipping box . . you will enjoy it
 Its a beautiful throw , my brother in law is a huge beatles fan and will really love this for christmas !
 I had the same problem with my original 8 '' OXO Pro chef 's knife . However you can contact OXO directly if you have a broken knife and they are aware of the early problems and will replace your knife free of charge . I called and told them I had recieved my block set as a gift and that I did not have any reciepts , and I described to them where the knife broke . The gal was very nice , she took down my name , address , and the knife model/size -LRB- 8 '' chef MV-55 Pro -RRB- and I had a new knife in the male within 2 weeks . They said there had been a problem with the first knives and that has since been fixed . I have not had any problems with the replacement knife.Other than that these are great knives for the money and very comfortable to use .
 I debated this purchase because I originally wanted an all metal design . But after purchasing this model , I became convinced that the soft handle is the way to go . The actual metal part is thick and robust , it has not flexed or bent after opening hundreds of adult-beverage bottles . Price is very reasonable . This one piece started me on an OXO kick !
 This is a handy , sturdy and attractive bottle opener you can use to either flip open pop-top caps or pierce the top of cans . Its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional bottle openers do , keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries , and rendering it perfect for broth cans , soda bottles , cans of baby formula , etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized , standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 This bottle opener is excellent . The rubber grip is very non-slip , minimizing possible injuries normally incurred when opening bottles . This is very popular at parties at my dorm .
 Got a nice handle and opens bottles with ease .
 The handle is comfortably squishy . This bottle opener makes it easy to open bottles and pierce holes in cans -LRB- like evaporated milk -RRB- . Has n't rusted yet . Not as fancy as some other bottle openers , but this is the one I reach for .
 The handle is ergonomic and very comfortable , and it works perfectly every time , unlike cheap openers .
 This bottle/can opener feels just like the OXO Good Grips vegetable peeler . Its black , rubberized grip has a section of `` gills '' that molds to your grip for better control . When you 're done , just pop it in the dishwasher . The only drawback is that with long term use , the `` gills '' sometimes break off . It took years for that to happen to mine -LRB- only one section -RRB- . This is hardly an elegant device , but it works well and is perfect for everyday and outdoor use . -- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
 I buy the OXO 19pc set and it did n't come with a bottle opener . I got this and it is great for opening cans of broth when your cooking , or cans of formula for a baby.The handle is large enough this my hand does n't cramp up when I 'm using it and it is very easy to clean , just toss it in the dishwasher .
 This is a great poster . Its material is high quality and durable , unlike other Bruce Lee posters I 've gotten . It also is very beautiful on my wall . Recommended to any Bruce Lee enthusiast .
 Quiet , quiet , quiet ! Just what I wanted . Reminding me of a very large wristwatch , this clock keeps time perfectly , looks good on my wall and runs quietly . It replaced one that could be heard throughout the house and kept us awake at night . Love it .
 Tommy Hilfger had done it again making high quality bedding for all to enjoy . Go to bed with comfort , style , and class .
 I love all of Oxo 's Good Grips utensils . They are excellent while working in the kitchen . Sometimes your hands are wet , and handling sharp utensils can be dangerous , but with good grips , that is not a problem.This pizza wheel is no exception . It has a very sharp wheel for easy pizza cutting , no matter what thickness your crust is , and it is a breeze to clean.I recommend this to all people who are looking for a good pizza wheel at a bargain price .
 Quality wise I have no complaints about this product . It fits well in my hand and has been through the dishwasher a million times . I do wish I bought the larger blade wheel though . However this one has always gotten me though !
 This is a sturdy , big , 4-inch pizza wheel , complete with thumb guard , which produces clean , straight-through cuts on the first run every single time . Its smooth-running , beveled wheel blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight cutters do , and rendering it perfect for pizzas , pie crusts , dough , etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 This is a sturdy , 23/4 - inch pizza wheel , which produces clean , straight-through cuts on the first run every single time . Its smooth-running , beveled wheel blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight cutters do , and rendering it perfect for pizzas , pie crusts , dough , etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I am a big fan of OXO products , this was given as a gift and I already own a similar one and love mine .
 Like all OXO products great design and functionality ... purchased for a friend who loved mine ... a product that every kitchen must have
 This is a good pizza wheel for a good price . I 've used it quite a few times on my homemade 12-inch pizzas and think it works well.It is n't perfect though . I have to go back over a cut sometimes . But maybe that 's how it should be ?
 This is a sturdy , 23/4 - inch pizza wheel , which produces clean , straight-through cuts on the first run every single time . Its smooth-running , beveled wheel blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight cutters do , and rendering it perfect for pizzas , pie crusts , dough , etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over three years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 Good grips utensils have always been one of my favorites because of the large comfortable handles . I already had a good grips ice cream scoop , but got another one so I would always have one ready when i got an ice cream craving . I was surprised when this one arrived to see the shape of the scoop had been improved . now the end has a rather pointed tip , and this is GREAT ! it makes scooping into hard ice cream a lot easier . This scoop puts all the others to shame . I it is now the first one I grab when i need to scoop ice cream . I also use it as a serving utensil if I am serving mashed potatoes or foods of similar consistency and it works great . You will like this scoop , there is not a better one around .
 OXO products are absolutely fantastic ! My kitchen is full of their line of gadgets . The ice-cream scoop is a wonderful addition to any kitchen . The grips on all OXO products make for easy , comfortable kitchen activities . Especially for people with weak hands , or unsteady hands , OXO good-grips products are a tremendous help . The only complaint about the ice-cream scoop is that the ice-cream sticks to it if you do n't use hot water , or if the ice-cream is n't a little soft . But otherwise , no complaints !
 Oxo Good Grips rock ! As all of its other products , the ice cream scoop is easy to grip and easy to use . And yes , the ice cream man would have a ball .
 This ice cream scoop is designed just like the rest of the ones identical to this one that are on the market . The only thing that makes this different is the weight of the metal used to construct the scoop . The scoop is of good quality and offers a rubber handle which becomes very useful after you have made a couple scoops for parties , etc. . The price is reasonable , and as said before the quality is good .
 The Ice cream man would say so as well . . the great thing about any OXO good grips , is that the grip is anthro-polymorphic ... meaning that we are more inclined to hold on to it , because of its size and shape . Door Knobs , steering wheels , side rails also have this feature .
 works as expected ... OXO Good Grips Products are always strudy and long lasting ... . Recommended
 Just scored one of these OXO Ice Cream Scoop on a Manager 's Special at Fry 's Food in Scottsdale AZ. . I love the OXO products for starting my Kitchen as newly divorced male .
 The best online purchases are the ones where you receive the package and use the product ; and it does exactly what it is supposed to do and how it is supposed to do it . This ice cream scoop with the pointed tip is one of the best I have ever used . for the price , not to be beat .
 This is an easy to grip , sturdy scoop . The handle is cushioned , which helps you get a strong grip . The scoop is well-built and feels sturdy in your hand . Because of this , it makes scooping even the hardest ice cream a breeze !
 Have n't used the ice cream scoop yet but it was shipped quickly and delivered as described . Bought it for my mom , who swears by the metal scoop -LRB- vs. plastic , etc -RRB- Hopefully it 'll last 7 years like our last one , which recently saw its last day .
 This is a handy , sturdy and attractive ice cream scoop with a unique , pointed-edged shape that works its way through the hardest ice cream , frozen yogurt , sorbet or sherbet with minimal effort . Its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional scoops do , and keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its strong , stout neck is unbendable , and its elegant style makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its chrome-plated scoop will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 ... oh wait , I guess scooping ice cream is n't particularly difficult in the first place.But if you are a wuss like me and always have to wrestle with the freezer-burnt remains of your Edy 's Lo-Fat Ice Cream , you might want to give this scoop a try.The angles of the blade seem to allow for leverage on the hard ice cream surface , even when you 're trying to scoop out the sides of the container -- always the toughest challenge of any scoop.Also , the comfortable handle allows you to grip the scoop firmly , so you do n't fling it across the room , as I occasionally did with our old -LRB- pre-wedding shower -RRB- scoop . The whole piece has a nice weight in your hand , allowing you to manouver it with firmness.As with all OXO products , it gets extra points for being nice to look at . The contours of the handle , coupled with the attractive functioning metal scoop part , create a great line that seems almost ridiculously attractive for scoop ice cream . The silver scoop part seems fairly scratch-resistant , and the black handle also seems to be holding up well , so the good looks endure.In fact , I chose the item for our wedding registry solely because of its good looks , but was pleasantly surprised by its functionality and strength.Highly recommended . Definitely the only ice cream scoop I will ever need .
 This is a handy , sturdy and attractive ice cream scoop with a unique , pointed-edged shape that works its way through the hardest ice cream , frozen yogurt , sorbet or sherbet with minimal effort . Its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional scoops do , and keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its strong , stout neck is unbendable , and its elegant style makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hardwearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its chrome-plated scoop will permanently keep your rust worries away.Be aware that there are a lot of negative reviews on this page that do not refer to this item , but to the lever-operated version , also from the Good Grips line.If you buy this product you will get your money 's worth guaranteed . After submitting this product to over three years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I love young coconuts for smoothies , puddings and creamy desserts . I needed a sturdy scoop to scrape out the young coconut meat . This scoop has the perfect round shape , strength , and great grip to scoop inside the husk , and the corners help to scrape out every last bit of goodness . I throw all it into a blender with the coconut water , add fresh fruit and ice , and blend it into the best , healthiest `` ice cream '' ever .
 I love ice cream . Even when I 'm dieting -LRB- like now -RRB- , I make sure that I have some room , calorie-wise , for a little of the stuff.Despite this life-long affection , I 've never owned an ice cream scoop . I have a large , stout tablespoon reserved for the purpose which has always served me well . That 's all changed , because now I have the OXO.Two features set this one apart from the herd . First , there 's the handle . It is just the right thickness and shape to be comfortable in the hand while in use and is covered with the same soft , black , rubberized material that OXO uses in most of their other kitchen utensils.Secondly , the scoop has an unusual design , its leading edge drawn into a broad point . It is n't the usual hemispherical shape that most other scoops possess . The shape makes it easy to excavate the surface of your ice cream while in the container , even in the corners . Creating a nice round scoop to go on top of a cone , however , is problematic . You can do it by sort of rotating the scoop in the ice cream , but it takes a bit of practice.Clean-up is simple . Into the dishwasher in the silverware basket and you 're done . I 've washed mine this way about 40 to 50 times with no issues.I have quite a few OXO implements and always find them well-made and well thought out .
 I like this ice cream scooper . It 's not fancy or as attractive as a Kitchenaid that I have , but it serves the purpose . It 's easy to grip the handle and scoop ice cream quite easily . I also like the size , as it fits in my hand just perfect .
 OXO makes nice kitchen products that are reasonably priced and are of a high quality . This ice cream scooper is another example of this and is a nice purchase . The primary distinction between this and your average scooper is that this one has pointed edges . This makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box , especially when it 's hard . It also helps with getting to ice cream out of the corners . My only con of this scooper is that due to the shape , you wo n't be able to get perfect round balls of ice cream . Of course , that is a minor issue and should n't be a reason to avoid buying it .
 This Oxo Good Grips ice cream scoop has a more spade like shape than the older model which I have had for over four years . The tip now comes to a rounded point rather than having a straighter edge . The image with this item as I write seems to be of the older model . There are no moving parts to break , its easy to clean either by hand or in the dishwasher . It accommodates different scooping methods with ease . The new shape is even better than the older shape . It can usually scoop out even very firm ice cream . I rarely need to dip the head in hot water at all . We give our ice cream scoops a very heavy workout and everyone in the family finds this scoop to be the best one we have ever had . I have arthritis and some wrist issues and this grip is very comfortable and easy to use . The earlier model has held up beautifully though the shiny coating in the scoop chipped a bit when the 2 year old used it outside as a dirt toy . I expect that this one -LRB- which will not be going outside -RRB- will hold up at least as well . Highly recommended as a kitchen essential and would make a great little gift for any ice cream lover you might know .
 This scoop has a nice edge to it that lets the scoop dig down deep no matter how hard your ice cream is.The no-slip grip on the handle is easy to grasp and not nearly as thick as some I have tried.I would of given it the full 5 stars if I could make it scoop out perfect balls of ice cream but either there is a trick to it that I have n't discovered yet or my ice cream is frozen too hard.All things considered , this is a quality item that will get lots of use in most kitchens .
 I 've come to expect solid , well-designed products from OXO , and this ice cream scoop did not disappoint me . From the comfortable black rubberized grip to the heavy stainless steel scooper , it 's quality quality quality . I tried it on hard ice cream , and it does scoop it well ... but do n't expect to get by with no elbow grease . Hard ice cream is hard to scoop ! The angled edges of this scoop are helpful in breaking the surface , and the narrowed/pointed end works great for getting into the corners of ice cream boxes.I like the black-and-stainless color , too , which works well with the rest of my kitchen . And , going by my usual `` what else can I use this for '' approach to anything I buy , I think this would be good as a transplanting tool or , in a pinch , even a melon baller .
 Just do n't like junky kitchen gadgets . I have a Kitchenaid ice cream scoop , that I 've had for quite a few years , so I will compare the the OXO with the Kitchenaid , which I think is fair as the prices are comparable . The Kitchenaid is heavier , has a longer handle , and the scoop has a little thicker metal . The OXO has more of a pointed scoop and is thinner at the edges , making it slightly easier to scoop hard ice cream , which is nice . As of this writing , I should point out that the Kitchenaid sells for $ 11.99 while the OXO is $ 7.99 , making neither a cheap choice . Do n't get me wrong , I think the OXO is a good product , just not quite the quality of the Kitchenaid . The OXO does work well , but the shorter handle is not as convenient when scooping in the bottom of the ice cream carton . If you do decide on the OXO I doubt that you would be disappointed . Wish I had more to compare it to , but this will give you an idea of the ones I have . They are both good but I think the Kitchenaid has just a slight advantage.UPDATE
 ... no kidding , and that number is just what 's for sale on the Amazon website.The problem with chrome covered plastic ... is that it 's chrome covered plastic . Not really dishwasher safe in practical use , and in fact it 's pretty risky to the finish just to let such a material soak in water as you might in the sink . So with this new scoop , I 'm firmly reminding myself to wash it off after using , no soaking - get it dry and put away . But that kind of diligence is not always easy to manage , so it 's a factor in deciding between all the brands and models out there.I do n't necessarily expect this scoop to `` snap '' faster than an all-metal kind might . Base metal is really not always that strong , and certainly metal can bend . -LRB- 15 seconds in the microwave can save tool and hands without seriously melting your dessert , though perhaps ice cream purists shudder at the thought . -RRB- The shape of the scoop lends itself wonderfully to getting hardened ice cream out , not so much to forming a pretty , round cone . If that 's your priority , you may want the lever/trigger type of cone , or perhaps a non-stick rounded version . Again , see what else is out there - I 'm partial to Oxo 's ergonomic features , and with everything from mini-scoopers to a spade , Oxo has a lot of preferences covered.If I wear this unit out quickly , I will probably take a second look at Oxo 's -LRB- more expensive -RRB- all-stainless version of this scoop . But considering I 've tried all sorts of scoops over time and all have had their drawbacks , I 'll consider a few year 's good use to be decent value . Will update this review if the scoop proves downright fragile , though !
 I was so happy to finally find an ice cream scoop that does n't break or bend awkwardly after only a few uses . This scoop is very sturdy with a big comfortable handle for those of us with big hands . I like the shape of the scoop itself , it 's a little sharper and flatter and really does a nice job digging into the ice cream . Be careful though because this digging can lead to you puncturing the bottom or sides of the container . I would have given this 5 stars but after a month or so these little bumps began to form on the finish of the inside of the scoop . These bumps do n't impact the function of the scoop , but they certainly do n't look that great .
 Wonderful -- reminds me of when I worked for Baskin-Robbins . Very comfortable grip , easy to make a round ball . Cuts through the ice cream easily
 I really like this scoop . It will work on really hard ice cream , but I still prefer to let the ice cream soften a bit .
 My old scoop was the aluminum kind with the liquid inside that you are supposed to run under hot water before using . Problem was that it got all corroded and nasty looking over time . This scoop works so much better , even without running it under hot water first ! The handle is much nicer because of the grippy material , and it cuts through ice cream that seems pretty rock hard to me . i think the little points on the scoop help with serving harder ice cream . Easy to wash and my husband even used it to scoop out the insides of our pumpkins this Halloween !
 love the design of this scoop . I can achieve a firm grip , slices easily through hard ice cream . A wonderful , comfortable , and well balanced rubberized handle . As it glides over , it produces a curl that easily releases from the scoop . Excellent product .
 This thing looks so deceptive.The edge will cut through even nearly frozen confections.And surprisingly nothing sticks.Now I can toss out the old ones !!
 I really did n't expect much from this scoop except a fatter grip , which I need due to a hand injury . I had no great expectations - a scoop is a scoop , right ? Well , not in this case . The scoop is well balanced and light weight , and easy to grip . It produces nice , even servings of ice cream instead of clunky chunks . I can get great leverage . Somehow this tool makes scooping even the hardest ice cream easier , and I never need to run it under water to soften the ice cream . Maybe it 's the pointed but not sharp leading edge of the scoop that cuts right into the ice cream . Maybe it 's the leverage you get from the thick , non-slip grip . I 'm just happy it makes serving ice cream effortless .
 This is a wonderfully designed scoop . It really makes scooping ice cream easier and more pleasant , even if it is frozen hard . The blade is thin so it cuts through , but is very strong . I 'm not always a fan of Oxo handles , because I find them too big and they take up a lot of space in the kitchen drawer , but in this case the handle is great and provides the leverage you need to really dig . Highly recommend .
 I already had a Kitchenaid scoop and some generic one with a pushable lever . This is pretty good , not as much heft as the Kitchenaid one has , but works fine , going thru most ice creams except the hardest . Then all you need is to dip it into water . I would buy it again .
 It 's been a month and so far , so good , with this OXO ice cream scoop . The edge digs in nicely into the tub of ice cream and the handle is easy to hold . Also , the handle shows no sign of separating from the metal scoop part , so I 'm happy about that , and the shiny finish on the scoop is smooth and blemish-free still . We 're washing it in the dishwasher , so I will update if there are any longevity issues with this ice cream scoop.All in all , if you need an ice cream scoop , this does the job nicely . * Update
 This scoop gives you a couple of great advantages that others do n't provide . First , the large , rubber like handle gives you great gripping power to dig into hard ice cream . Second , the leading edge of the scoop has a semi sharp edge on it -- which really helps it cut through as you push and and makes the job easier . Oxo makes good products , and this is one of them I would highly recommend .
 After using spoons and making them bend all the time from the hard ice cream , I bought the OXO Good Grips Points Ice Cream Scoop . It is a terrific scooper , and I prefer the points that it has over a completely rounded scoop because it can grab hold of the ice cream better , and that makes for quicker scooping . The one thing I would say that I do n't like ; is the handle is removable , and so after running it through the dishwasher the first 2 times , I had water leaking out . Then , I pulled the handle and found that it pulls right off . Not sure this is the greatest invention for a handle , however now I know to pull the handle off and put the pieces in the dishwasher separately . As usual , this product stands up to the OXO good name .
 I loved this scoop ! Love the grip on it as it was easy to hold . The ice cream was easy to scoop with it with no problems ! The only problem - no more ice cream ! : -RRB-
 I am completely satisfied with my purchase . The item was just as described . It took a while to get it but it was worth the wait . Thanks ... 5 stars !
 This beautiful blanket depicting the Beatles in 1964 will undoubtedly give fans that `` warm and fuzzy feeling . '' Linus never had a blanket so good !
 Excellent Product . My wife loves it , however , you could buy it cheaper at Target .
 This peeler is sharp and has a good grip . I love it . Will recommend to others
 Glad I found this online . We used to have one of these , and I 'm not sure what happened . I like this horizontal style peeler much more than the vertical style peeler . Feels solid . The wide handle is nice . If I could suggest one improvement to OXO it would be to make the handle a bit longer .
 Just got this peeler . Wow ! It 's very sharp right now and glides right over the potato easily . It does not waste much of the actual potato either . It 's new now and I 'm hopeful it will stay sharp and last a long time . My wife likes it better than the one she bought from pampered chef .
 This peeler works great for peeling carrots and new potatoes . It is very sharp and I like the plastic guard that comes with it .
 I wanted a peeler that would work on large items better and bother my hands less . This was that such peeler . Great grip , easy use and a durable product . I 've had it for about a month and it is by far my favorite food prep tool in my kitchen . Much better than anything you 'd by in the dollar store . If you want to make short work of a butternut squash , this is the peeler for you .
 Great tool !!! Works very smoothly for me and I do love it ! I would recommend this to anyone for ease in peeling .
 This peeler is very sharp and easy to use . I am completely satisfied with it and definitely a good one to buy .
 does exactly what it is supposed to do . as a child i watched my grandmother use the old fashioned peeler . she could and did peel apples do the skin came off in one long sheet . she was n't showing off . she just had the mastery of the tool . when i needed a peeler , i automatically went with the same old fashioned peeler . i 'm not sure when i finally had the chance to use one of these &#34; european &#34; peelers . they are perfect . they do exactly what a peeler is supposed to do , peel stuff quickly and easily . with emphasis on easy .
 This peeler works great for peeling sweet potatoes , potatoes , etc. , and I really like it . I would recommend it and it is a good price .
 These guys make great kitchen products ! This peeler is comfortable to hold and it 's nice and sharp , peeling with ease : -RRB-
 I got this peeler to use as preparation for Thanksgiving dinner this year . I love it !!!! It 's lightweight , and peels like a dream ... very sharp blade . I had to peel 8 Granny Smith apples for my pie and having this made the job go really fast . I also got through a 5lb bag of potatoes with this peeler in 15 minutes . Just go out and get yourself one ... now !
 I 've had my OXO peeler for about 5 years now and I 've bought other swivel peelers as well . They just do n't compare - swivel peelers shave off fruit and veggie skins in short bits . The OXO , on the other hand , peels the entire length of the carrot , potato , cucumber . I like that I can rotate an apple around and from top to bottom be left with one peel . I like the gouging tip at one side to take out the brown bits in potatoes or apples . The wide handle is comfy to hold . Nothing beats this peeler !
 Wow . I would have liked to known about this decades ago . I have arthritis so the shape makes it easy to hold and use . The blade is the great thing on this . All the Y peelers I 've had , none have had the sharpness of this which lets me ease up on the grip as less effort is required . It 's great .
 I picked up a OXO Y-peeler , like the above model , except with a red inlay on whim in Krogers , about . . 5 to 6 years ago ? I still have it and it works great ! Tried to take good care of it.This peeler is perfect if you have Big hands , and want a functional peeler , and want to peel manually like nobodies business . Used to use a peeler , that was n't a Y shape , but was just straight with a long U shaped point blade . My hand cramped up so bad all the time ! And I 'm a young guy . So I got this and have never looked back.I absolutely love this kitchen tool!Anyways , this will be a good investment when peeling potatoes or carrots . Have n't really used it on anything else .
 I love my new OXO Good Grips Y Peeler . It is definitelty comfortable to hold and the blades on the peeler are nice and sharp . The blade removes a nice thin peel . I have had other peelers that remove too much of the good part of the fruit or veggie . I highly recommend buying this product .
 this y shaped peerler is perfect for the hard to peel winter squash as well as easier vegetables . the blade is sharp and comes with a protective cover . the handle is comfortable and makes kp a breeze . I looked at several stores for this shaped peeler but could not find one of this quality for any price . I purchased two amf gave one as a gift .
 I used this for peeling vegetables everyday . So far it has held up well . OXO makes solid products . + Inexpensive + Constructed well + Convenient Design
 I love this peeler ! I prefer this style over the swivel because it 's easier to control and I 'm less apt to cut myself . The blades are sharp enough to skin some winter squash , but dull enough so that my blade-phobic friend can peel potatoes.The OXO rubber comfort grip is what distinguishes this peeler from others with similar designs . I can easily prepare enough russet and sweet potatoes , turnips , carrots , etc. for a large holiday dinner without getting a cramp and without the tool slipping from my wet hands.I 've had mine for about 5 years and it 's still in great condition , but having an online source for this is very convenient because in my area , most stores carry only the swivel version .
 This peeler cuts through potato and cucumber skin like butter . My son loves to peel things for now ! I no longer dread the task of peeling . My old peeler took forever to perform the task of peeling potatoes . After using this peeler , I 'm sold for life on OXO !
 This `` Y '' design is comfortable to hold and easy to use . Very effective for peeling apples and carrots . Works quickly and efficiently . The `` Good Grips '' handle is a joy for those of us who have arthritis or carple tunnel syndrome . The folks at OXO are very deserving the award this product has won . It takes the chore out of peeling vegetables .
 Was looking for apple peeler , thought about more exspensive holding type where you spin apple around but thought I 'd try this product , glad I did , perfect , fast and easy , buy it , you 'll agree
 I purchased this peeler because my flimsy Victorionox $ 3 peeler 's blade snapped right off . I received recommendation of this peeler being `` the best peeler invented '' by a fellow chef . I was not disappointed at all , the blade is sharp , the handle is comfortable and it flies through potatoes and carrots . I have even been told it lays waste to coconuts . If you 're looking for a reasonably priced peeler , look no further .
 My husband has helped a lot in the kitchen while I 've been pursuing a higher degree . He does n't like to peel a potato with a paring knife like I usually did . When I showed him this peeler , he was so happy ! It works very easily and now we both use it for peeling all sorts of things including cucumbers and carrots .
 It was time for two peelers for as much as I was using my old peeler . The previous peeler was a comfort grip like this one , but the really noticeable difference was the blade . I felt like it was peeling like a knife through butter . Every vegetable can be peeled in half the time as the old peeler . I do n't much use to `` eyer '' portion . Could do without it , but it is n't really in the way .
 WOW ! I wish I had this years ago . Easy on the hands and very efficient . Great peeler .
 Used it to make an apple pie . Cut well . Worth the price . DurableEnough formy use , but if you made them often you may want to invest in a larger one
 I have only used it about 5 times , but this peeler works great . It worked great on mangoes and potatoes . Great product
 This is the best peeler to use when peeling quinces -LRB- Cydonia oblonga -RRB- . It 's strong , broad blade covers a lot of surface area and it handles the fruit 's irregularities easily . Better yet , it stays sharp a long time when cleaned well after each use .
 The best peeler I have ever used . Easy to hold onto , slices evenly and cleanly . Very glad to have this tool .
 It peels vegetables quiete easily . I only wish the scoop part of the peeler is sharper to remove the eyes from the potatoes .
 I have been searching for this style peeler for a long time . Finally I found it . They are wonderful to work with and a comfort for the hand .
 If you are looking for a great peeler this is it . Easy to hold and does a great job on any peeling job .
 I bake approximately 100 - 150 dozen cookies during the holiday season for my grandchildren 's school parties , cookies for office parties for my daughter and son-in-law , and also to give to my special friends and neighbors . They all look forward to my baking . I 've found several different size of `` portion servers '' also known as `` ice cream scoops '' and have found that the 2 tablespoon size is just perfect . No more using two teaspoons for a uniform size . Also , you do n't have to roll into a ball -LRB- for Snickerdoodles for Thumbprint cookies -RRB- . It 's just perfect . Also , it makes a great gift for your loved ones that enjoy baking for their friends and family . Hope you all enjoy this little trick . It save a heck of a lot of time . Happy Holidays and Happy Baking . Lynn Wood
 I have looked for ice cream scoops all over online and in stores . I have a very old retro aluminum icecream scoop and it is non functional now , saw this and I fell in love ! Is very durable and functional . Has a very nice grip handle , and the little foot that pushes out the ice cream that no other scoop does .
 Your options in the ice cream scoop are thus
 In a quest to acquire the necessary kitchen items I purchased this scoop . I love OXO and this item does n't disappoint .
 This scoop is shaped perfectly to make full rounded scoops of ice cream . Very satisfying .
 This is just what I was waiting for . I have always found the OXO brand to be well made and reliable . I was not disappointed in the function , quality or price . Would recommend to anyone .
 My Mother has had a lever style ice cream scoop longer than she has had me -LRB- I 'm 31 -RRB- ! I have been looking for one like it for many years and so far have only found the `` side trigger '' style , which just do n't seem to work as well as this one . I was so excited when I found this one , I ordered three . The extra two are for my Mom and Sister . Mom 's scoop is in need of retirement !
 i 've only ever made roll sushi so nori-less formed sushi was intriguing . this maker is super functional in it 's simplicity . it is a great additional to my sushi-making efforts . easy to use and clean . super fast delivery . great , great price .
 I am new to sushi making , and this sushi mold makes my sushi come out perfect every time . The pieces are uniform , and this sushi mold is easy to use . I line mine with plastic for easy cleaning and removal .
 Completely satisfied with the quality of the mold . Solid durable plastic that 's easy to clean . It comes in three pieces , two press through pieces , base and top , and an outer rectangular mold with slots to cut the molded rice into individual servings . Could n't be easier to use and a fast clean-up , when done just throw into the top rack of the dishwasher . Check out the rice mold recipes , then add this to your kitchen tools .
 This sushi helper does its job well , the only thing I would change is make the holes for the slices closer so you can get thinner sushi slices .
 I 'm psyched that Amazon will be carrying this knive . I have 4 and need to replace one . This baby will cut anything with the utmost precision . I not only use it to cut tomatoes and other veggies , but meat , cheese and anything else I need to cut . I swear it is the first knife I grab off the rack 99 % of the time . I will even hunt for it when one is n't hanging on the wall.The only pitfall , and consequently my need for a replacement , was when I was cutting something very hard ; `` what '' I do n't recall , but the pressure I applied caused the handle to break off from the shaft of the knife . I was so bummed , but at this price I can get several !
 I got this to make Valentines day goodies in and its wonderful ! Easy clean up and bakes things perfectly .
 Contrary to what others have said , I love this product ! It opens every jar easily and effortlessly for me . I have n't experienced any problems with sharpness in metal lids , not has my OXO `` Good Grips '' jar opener fallen apart . In fact I debated giving it a 5-star rating . I see nothing than could be improved , except that it takes up a good deal of room in the drawer when not in use . For my money , it works exactly as it should and I 'd recommend the product without any of the reservations expressed by other reviewers .
 This review comes from a family member . I 'm a 48 yr old with Rheumatoid Arthrits . I 've had -LRB- RA -RRB- for 12 years . This is the perfect item for my hands . I have been unable to open jars by myself for a long time . The best thing that happened to me .
 This terrific gadget has liberated my arthritic hands . No more asking salespeople , neighbors and family to please open . It 's independence right in my kitchen drawer .
 I have had this for quite a few years . While my wife often has difficulty opening jars with it this is more a question of applying sufficient force and in the correct direction . As other reviewers have mentioned , this can leave marks on the jar lid but the marks are quite minor . Also as others have mentioned , this device can slip off the lid -- but I find that happens most if the opener is n't positioned properly i.e. flat on top of the lid.In terms of durability I 've had no trouble whatsoever with this product and we use it reasonably often for a home kitchen .
 This little gadget sure has made my life easier - no more pounding jars on the counter trying to loosen the tops ! It works great !
 I have owned this item for a few years and think it 's great . Works well on great big jar lids as well as little bottle screw tops like those on a salad dressing bottle . The trick is to push it firmly so it is wedged in tight when you go to twist . Any one with dexterity problems or limited strength should have it but it 's a must even if you do n't have these issues .
 I have had this for over 5 years . I use it at least once a week to open a bottle or a jar that I just ca n't grip . Works fabulously !
 Bought this a few years ago for my partner who had fibro myalgia , and have used it daily ever since . A friend just fell and broke her arm @ the wrist , so I loaned it to her . She fell so in love with it that she found it here on the net and is purchasing one for herself .
 I got one of these about four years ago and I used it for everything ... until it finally broke ... my fault . I 'm now ordering another !
 I like this product . Anything that helps me do something I could n't before ... makes my life so much easier . Ability!I left the red label on it to help me spot it quickly on the utensil rack . Great gadget , easy grip , and ... Now , I can do it myself -LRB- most of the time , my weakness not the products -RRB- !
 I have relatively low strength in my hands and opening jars can be somewhat painful . I have had this opener for 4 months and it is easy to use and opens most any size jars quickly and easily . Have not had the problems other reviewers mention !
 I love this product . I am opening quite a few jars of baby food a day and this does the trick . No problems here and I use it all the time .
 I 've had one of these for years and could not live without it . I even struggled to get milk jug caps off and this does the job in a second . I 'm buying one for a single friend who mentioned that she ca n't get jars open anymore . The reviewer who had difficulty using it probably was not keeping it parallel to the lid -- it has to be snug to the top of the lid , not at an angle to it .
 It works I have not found a jar it does n't open , it will not break plastic
 I got this for a Christmas gift 4 years ago . I 've never had one that worked this well . I use it all the time ... it just broke today , and I 'm getting another one .
 Finally broke down and bought one of these gadgets after graduating to a hard cast on my hand for torn ligaments . The initial first use was tricky , but with careful patience , it worked great ! And continues to do so . All the rubber grippers , etc. -- including from my arthritis doctor and the hand specialist -- are no longer cluttering my kitchen ; this is the only tool I need . The man of the house also likes it , and it withstood his first use of manhandling just fine .
 My wife and mother in law both have arthritis . Opening even really tight lids are really easy . Even non-arthritic adults have used it commenting WOW !
 This jar opener works better than the one my father bought 40 years ago . It is an update of old and proven technology . My wife can now open jars that the two of us together could n't open before .
 This is a great tool . I 've got carpal tunnel and not much upper body strength , so jars can be a pain . Highly advised for those with arthritis or other hand related troubles , Oxo makes a great line of very comfortable-to-use kitchen gadgets . Do n't wait for a strong friend to help get into your jar of pickles , just get one of these . Very reasonably priced for the quality , it works well and is built to last .
 I ca n't say enought about this handy gadget ... I have very bad hand arthritis and now that some water bottles are being made with smaller caps . . I can not grip the top to turn ... this works for me every time ... I gave one to my daughter when she visited and I ordered another . Every household should have one .
 the opener is just what we needed here . it works . its well made . it arrived quickly . thanks for the quick response .
 This is a nice little lightweight , flat opener . I got it to use on 2 liter bottle caps and it works great as I had hoped . Also works great on most jar lids up to a large peanut butter jar lid . Recommended .
 I bought this item because I have a broken hand . It quickly and easily grips a lid and gives the proper leverage to remove . However , if you are disabled like me , the can/jar must be on a non slip surface to keep from using both hands .
 This jar opener was one of my favorite gifts from my bridal shower ! I was sick of using those rubber pads ; not only did they tear easily , but also they did n't work very well . So far , OXO 's version has been a big improvement
 Being relatively young and arthritis-free -LRB- at least for now -RRB- , I do n't usually have any problems twisting off jar lids . But , once in a blue moon , I get that one jar that almost requires explosives to pop the top off it . And I hate opening one of these with just my bare hands . Fortunately , I found this little device , which has a good sure-grip handle , which acts as a fulcrum to apply the necessary leverage and loosening force , but with significantly less effort than I would if I did the job bare-handed . Just secure the gripper onto the cap , give it a firm , but not-too-hard turn , and another almost-impossible-to-open jar is rendered easily accessible ! The opener 's metal gripper teeth do dig into the lids a bit , but never to the point of turning them into injury hazards -LRB- danger of cutting yourself on the grooves the teeth leave on the lid -RRB- in the cases I 've used it.All in all , this labor-saving device is a simple , yet very helpful and highly valuable kitchen helper ! ` Late
 I have tendonitis in my hands , and this makes opening jars a bit difficult at times . There is n't always someone else around to open them so we picked up the OXO jar opener to give me a hand . It 's a funky thing , combining one of OXO 's large , soft rubber Good Grips handles with a fan-shaped piece of plastic that grips the edges of a jar lid in metal teeth , grasping it and giving you leverage with which to twist.You simply slide the fan over the lid until the lid ca n't sit any further inside the edges , which means it 'll adjust to fit a wide variety of lid sizes . The teeth grip , and you twist , holding onto the Good Grips handle.The good
 This device has been a real help . It opens almost any everyday sized product with a minimum of effort . I recommend this to anyone with arthritis , fibromyalgia or any problem that causes weakness of the hands .
 I love this jar opener . I 'd give it a 5 , but it does occasionally slip off the jar -LRB- what opener does n't ? -RRB- and it does leave grooves in the lid at times . However , 9 times out of 10 , it does an effortless job of opening even the toughest jars . I 've even used it on plastic bottle tops for sticky Karo Syrup , and soda tops that have pressurized themselves onto the bottle . The positives far outweigh the negatives with this tool . It 's size is great , too ! It 's able to accomodate small caps to large jar lids . I even catch my old jar opener -LRB- my husband ! -RRB- using it once in a while : -RRB-
 I have n't found a jar opener that works better than this one , even though it is n't perfect . The lever action works much better than the kind that require you to grip the jar lid and turn , but the `` teeth '' will occasionally slip and scratch the jar lids.Works really well on plastic lids .
 I ordered this pot looking for something big enough to make soup and chili and maybe double as a pot for cooking crabs or lobsters with a steam rack . This item more than qualifies ! It is nice heavy gauge steel , has plenty of room for pots of soup and chili with room to actually stir the contents ! I tend to get carried away when I make soup ! It is large enough for asparagus to stand and be steamed , many ears of corn , 2-4 live lobsters , live crabs and large enough for a crowd pleasing pot of chili ! It washes up quick and easy , holds a low simmer without burning anything even chili beans on the bottom . It has a nice heft and thickness as well as a lid to boot ! It did not come with a steam rack but that was easy to add with what I had on hand . I was very pleasantly surprised with this pot . It met all my expectations including a low price that made it and exceptional value !
 I bought this as a gift for my son and his wife who have 6 children . They make soups and stews alot . They absolutely love this pot ! It cooks quickly with the lid on ... almost like a pressure cooker ... and it is heavy with thick layering on the bottom so food does not burn . It is huge !! And fills the bill nicely for massive quantities of food needed .
 I 've used this several times for making large quantities of food , such as tomato sauce for canning and chicken stock . It does a great job and cleans up perfectly , shiny as new . I doubt you can beat it for the price . A cheaper pot would be a lower grade of stainless and likely much thinner . And while you could pay a lot more , I do n't think you would significantly beat the quality and performance .
 This is a great stock pot , my only complaint is the knob could be better manufactured , be very careful the steam vent is accidently opened easily when removing the lid and you could be badly burned , over all it compares favoribly with my kitchen craft fair set .
 I still ca n't believe the difference in taste of the food I cook in my new cookware compared to cooking with water .
 I love this cutting board , it is also a great conversation piece and fits my decor excellently ! You have to be careful not to scratch the back .
 This has many uses other than a cutting board , I have two of these and use them to protect an end table and coffee table . They are beautiful and add interest to any area . The reason I only gave this 4 stars is ; the picture is not actually a part of the glass , it is attached to the back of the glass in a manner that if it gets too wet it will buckle and ruin the picture , so do n't soak or wet the backing too much . Merely wiping the top should be sufficient to keep them clean .
 This was a very pretty cutting board . When I received it I was very impressed ! This was a gift for my boyfriend . He absolutely loves it !
 I love being able to protect my counter top as well as decorate and add beautiful color . I am so happy I found this and have ordered more for others and myself .
 River 's Edge Tempered Glass Cutting Board with Beautiful Horses Running in Open Field Design -LRB- 12 x 16-Inch -RRB- This is a wonderful way to protect your counter top and decorate at the same time . I love the design and color it gave my kitchen and makes a beautiful gift as well .
 Received the cutting board in a timely fashion . It was exactly as described and was packaged well ! No complaints . I would recommend .
 The cutting board looks exactly like the picture and it came in on time for Christmas . My mom loves it !
 I bought this to give to a relative for Christmas but it was so beautiful , I kept it myself . It 's received so many compliments from others who have seen it . I like that it 's not only pretty , but very heavy-duty and durable and it is very easy to clean . I 'm so pleased with this cutting board and I would recommend it .
 This item is just as pictured , but the photo doesnt show the texture of the glass ... it is absolutely beautiful , and I love it !!
 My uncle is a chef -LRB- really a cook -RRB- and an avid outdoorsmen . I was so happy to see this gift . I thought it would be perfect for him . He had an early Christmas with us so unwrapped it yesterday . He made a big deal about it and seemed to really like it . He said he would definitely use it . It comes in a nice box and lookes too nice to be a cutting board , but I know my uncle will use it . He seemed honestly pleased with it .
 I bought this cutting board as a birthday gift , the person I gave it to loved it ! The picture of the cabin and lake are very pretty , and others commented on what a great picture it is .
 This is a very attractive cutting board . I like that it is glass for when I 'm cutting something like raw chicken , which I do n't want getting contaminated inside knife created grooves on the board over time . I take off one star because each time I wash it it seems to get wet between the glass and design . Over time that may cause problems the way water normally does , as it does n't dry as fast between the two . Right now though it is a nice little extra to have both functionality and beauty in my kitchen tool .
 Beautiful , high quality cutting board . The image and the details are stunning . A real photograph quality . I love it and I would definitely buy them again .
 Beautiful !!! Not great for an actual cutting board -LRB- the sound of a knife on the top is awful -RRB- but wonderful as decor !
 This cutting board is great . My gf just loves it . Its easy to clean , and the colors are not dull like others have said . It came in perfect condition wrapped tightly in bubble wrap .
 I have come to like and trust OXO products as they are generally a cut above in terms of quality and design . This fork is true to my expectation . The handle is comfortable , the balance is good , the actual prongs are both flat -LRB- a plus for just holding meat in place when slicing without piercing or for gently rolling hot dogs -RRB- while the points are sharp for all the times you need the stabbing function of a fork ! It 's also a good length for working over a large outdoor grill . For my purposes this product is a five star winner .
 This fork is great for a barbeque , because it 's really strong and grips the food well . It also washed really easily , which saves a lot of time .
 Good quality BBQ fork . I bought this for the boyfriend at the time and he was impressed . He 's history , but I am glad I got it for him .
 Could n't be happier - the weight of the product is perfect , the fact that it is dishwasher safe just seals the deal !
 I 've used these now for three weeks with my new BBQ and really like the high quality SS and great grip . Good length too , so you do n't get burned reaching to the back of the grill .
 This cooking utensil is unlike any other . its intricate design is for the dumbest cooker or even a gormet french dude . Little do you know that this fork can be used as a stress reliever as well . say , for example , that your meat is not turning out well at all , infact it does n't seem to look like meat anymore just crap , well with this fork you can whack the meat , stab it , and then hurl it across the yard and , trust me , you 'll feel much better .
 I use this scoop for making large cookies . It holds 1/4 cup -LRB- liquid -RRB- . Have n't tried it on ice cream , but it works well for cookie dough .
 We use an ice cream scoop to portion out batter into muffin cups . The thumb release on our old one was cheap and broke . This one seems nice and sturdy . We do n't use this one for ice cream - it 's sole purpose is muffin batter !
 This is your traditional ice cream scooper . I had converted to one that was the newer partial scoop . I 'm back to the older type and I like it . It also has multiple uses .
 This scoop works great . I first tried the pointed ice cream scoop and could n't use it . I have problems with my wrists . I have used other Oxo tools and love them , so I tried again with this scoop . It works so well it seems to be designed with me in mind . It is easy to dip out even the hardest ice cream now and the bail pops the ice cream out of the scoop -- clean as a whistle . You can wash it in the dishwasher too .
 I use this scoop for almond flour recipes . I 'm pretty sure this is the one I have which holds 1/4 cup . I would not use it for ice cream , but I use it all the time for cookie-dough constistency stuff . I 've used mine a lot and have had it for a couple of years . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this scooper for cupcake mix rather than ice . It is perfect . I have only used it once so far , but the slider pushes the mix out nicely and it is easy to clean . I think I might purchase a smaller one too .
 Wow , I looked everywhere for 1 -RRB- good quality 2 -RRB- A full round scoop 3 -RRB- A release slide and I got it all here . I could n't be happier with this product . You 'll love it and you ca n't beat the price .
 well worth the money , and for people dieting just the right amount ,0 ne to two is just right ! great rubber handle
 I use this scoop with only cookie dough or other soft substances . It 's reliable , safe , and easy to use . Makes the perfect cookie size .
 This scoop was my wife 's idea . I personally like the blade type of scoop like they use in some ice cream shops . But like most , if not all , of OXO 's offerings this one is very well made and works flawlessly . The grip of course is the reason for buying this particular brand as the scoop and the blade bail work about like you would expect . The trigger is covered with the same `` grippy '' rubber with a wider finger pad than most . Very easy to use and priced in line with the value and quality you get . You wo n't go wrong with this item -LRB- unless you prefer the professional feel of a paddle or blade -RRB- .
 What 's the scoop ? This is a great basic scoop - very easy to use and I love the sturdy grip handle . This is a good buy !
 The OXO can opener works very well and easily , due to the huge turning handle . That same handle makes it hard to store in a small space in a drawer . The lid opener is so-so ... a rubber grip works just as well .
 I really liked the can opener since it was easy to use and keep clean . The jar opener took a couple of second to figure out but it does help to open jars I would normally not be able to open .
 OXO does it again with these Good Grips products . They are comfortable , convenient , and affordable . There is no need to look any further .
 These are the most wonderful corn holders I have ever used ! We have tried the cheapy plastic corn-shaped ones and they tend to rust over time . The cutesy animal-shaped ones get dull and eventually break . That 's not the case with the OXO holders , they have prongs that are both sharp and durable . They hold up very well after repeated dishwashings . The handles are nice and large and easy to grip . I recommend these holders for families that love summertime corn on the cob !
 These are strong , sturdy corn grips that are durable and extremely comfortable to hold . The two steel prongs grip the corn firmly and do not slip or slide while in use . The holders are comfortable to hold no matter how hard you grip them and are suitable for use by the smallest hands , as well as the largest ones . They wash well and look new , no matter how many times one uses them . These corn grips are a very good value for the price .
 Okay , if there 's one thing we know in this area besides great pizza , its corn . I KNOW that corn grips are n't on most people 's top priority list for kitchen gadgets , but if you 're gon na buy 'em , buy the best ! Ever dropped your cob because of all that delicious butter all over your hands ? Add a couple of Good Grips handles to it , and problem solved ! One hint - those prongs are REALLY sharp . Stick them in a measuring cup or something to store . Once you stick your hand in your gadget drawer and get jabbed by one of those things , you 'll never want it to happen again ! Enjoy that corn !
 To my knowledge , there are two sets of Oxo corn holders -- the regular `` Good Grips '' and the `` Steel '' lines . The ones I ordered from this page and received from Amazon were the `` Good Grips '' and they are black and yellow , like a large bumblebee -LRB- 28381 -RRB- , the photo here is old . The `` Steel '' ones are black and stainless steel and cost almost twice as much -LRB- 1050061 -RRB- . They both are great ... large and sturdy and I 'm satisfied with my Bumble Bees for $ 6.00 . Good product just be aware there are 2 sets and Amazon 's set up is a bit confusing . By the way , I store them in a used wine cork in the drawer as they are indeed sharp .
 I 've always found that Oxo brand products for the kitchen are top notch , and these corn holders are no exception . I was surprised to see that they are even heftier than I 'd expected . The size ensures it 's easy for anyone to hold whether that be children , men with large hands , or even people who suffer from arthritis or other hand problems . And the rubber gripping makes hanging onto the holders easy even with buttery fingers . One of the more ingenious parts is the length of the prongs ; Oxo had the common sense to make one prong longer than the other to ensure that both prongs come in contact with the peaked shape of the ear of corn . I highly recommend these !
 I love these ! However , store each set in an old wine cork - You do n't want these sharp little guys floating around your silverware drawer !
 I love these corn holders . Especially great for little ones hands . But I also use it for something else . And that is apples , when I peel the apple I put the holders on the ends and give it to my 3 year old . No more sticky hands . And she does know not to throw them away !
 Great product , they work very well and are comfortable to hold .
 Very easy to hold & better than the old yellow corn prongs that are always breaking & getting rusty just be careful not to stab yourself with them !
 Pretty good.I really like the grip but I think OXO should have made them with 3 spikes instead of 2 . I think they would be more stable with 3 spikes .
 These corn holders seem very well-built but you should beware of one thing
 I purchased two sets for family vacation . We love corn on the cob , and finally found the best corn cob holders . They poke easily into the hard end of the cob and do n't fall out . The men commented on the great size for their hands . The women were pleased that the heat from the corn did n't burn their fingers as with other holders they 've used . And everyone wanted to know where I found them ... Amazon.com of course .
 These are great for kids to enjoy eating corn on the cob . Yes , they are sharp so you have to be careful , but work great !
 These are substantial grips for sticking in the end of corn so you dont burn your fingers . The rubber ends are slip resistant .
 Already had a set of these & liked them som much that i ordered a set for my parents.These holders are very much different from the cheap `` skinny '' types you can pick up at any dollar store . A very good buy & after all ... the price is ` nt bad either .
 How can anyone eat corn without these . Less mess , no burned fingers and just an all around good product .
 A very good product , much better than the usuall ones that break after a few uses .
 These are bigger than some other corn holders I 've ownedin the past , and also sturdier . The kids love them . Iwould even pay more than what I paid for these cool gadgets .
 We have used the corn holders twice now , and so far they are holding up very well . They are easy to use and comfortable to grip . Time will tell how well they hold up washing after washing . That 's the real test for me . The old yellow kind I have purchased repeatedly for the 33 years I 've been married have been a waste of time and money . The little metal prongs always rust and then they fall out of the yellow plastic gripper and they get thrown out as trash .
 The grips came exactly as I had expected them . They are sharp and easy to push and pull into corn because of the rubber grips . I am satisfied .
 had the old standard thin yellow holders for a long time ... found these bigger ones and like them very much ... use them a lot
 OXO is the best quality in everything they make . These stay in the ends of corn while cheap ones keep falling out . They fit in dishwasher basket I have for small items and clean up great .
 At last ! A large corn holder which wont ' let you down . good for older arthritic hands as well as a childs smaller hands . About 3 or 4 times larger than the average corn holder . What took them so long ? and the Good Grips people have nailed it with the size and they wo n't be lost easily in the drawer .
 The item arrived in a timely manner and was as advertised . These are so great ! The handle is a nice size for holding and the prongs are sharp enough to insert into the corn cob ends easily .
 These look good . I have not had any corn on the cob since they got here ans it is too late for good sweet corn this year . Maybe next year I can tell you how well they worked . LOL
 These shades are perfect for my needs . Good clean natural color . Amazon shipped quickly and the shades came wrapped securely and in good shape . I was concerned that the color would be too dark but they were true to the color in the photo .
 Good window covering . Everything for easy hanging was by the product . Only , we did support the hanging better , with extra hooks on both ends on top .
 I have 4 of these bamboo shades on the west side of my house . I have lowered the temp inside my house on hot afternoons by almost 10 degrees . They have saved me money on A \ C cost and give me privacy on my porch . Just make sure you roll them up before a wind storm . I love em and will buy more . 7/8/2012 - Ordered two more of these shades ... the first four were shipped quickly these two have n't shipped yet it 's been four days and on top of that I paid for one day shipping . Way to stick it to us Amazon.I love the shades but loosing my confidence on Amazon .
 Was looking for an all purpose kitchen knife that we could keep aboard our boat . This fits the bill 100 % . Utility enough to cut chicken or beef as well as slice bread and veggies . Perfect all purpose knife .
 It has finally worn out and I am now ordering a new one . Great Poduct , well made , comfortable to use .
 we originally purchased only one some time ago and liked the tool so we bought another . as time went on the handle of the original purchase got messed up somehow . we looked at all of the kitchen stores and the spreader could no longer be found . i did a google search and found it so I bought two.it 's great for spreading almost anything on bread , cakes , etc. what i like about it most is it 's ability to grip a firm block of butter without slipping off . it has fine serrated teeth which work great .
 This itenis the best the gip is good , my other one that i had lasted many years till it gave out.great product .
 Once again , OXO comes through with a great product . I bought 4 , gave 1 as a gift , and use the other 3 evry day ... love them !
 Perfect . The blade is wide enough to cover a broader space than most and the serrated edge is just right for cutting the sandwich or toast after spreading it .
 use this OXO good grips spreader all the time ; love that it has one side that cuts through sandwiches ; handle is great
 These are the most amazing item to have in your kitchen , batch , caravan . They really and truly make butter spreading easy and quickly . Having the wee cutting edge you can cut bread in half , quarters etc as well . -LRB- Not all breads though -RRB- . The good grip handle is so comfortable , perfect for anyone with arthritis or stiffness in their hands . Ca n't speak highly enough of the spreader .
 I needed a knife like the OXO Good Grips Spreader in order to easily spread peanut butter on bread . The width and length of the knife blade make for easy use with jars that are keep as well as for ease in spreading anything you my need to spread on bread of toast . Price is very reasonable and delivery is quick using Amazon.com .
 Great spreader , very well made , comfortable handle and excellent blade . The blade is sharp enough that it can cut through a bagel .
 Ever since I realized , after years of making sandwiches with a dinner knife , how big an improvement a spreader is -LRB- really , life is too short to be without one -RRB- , I 've been looking for the perfect spreader . This OXO model is about as close as I 've found so far . First , it has great HEFT . Not only does it feel good and stable in your hand -LRB- like a lot of OXO utensils -RRB- but the blade is so sturdy , and the serrated edge so capable , that it can slice through just about anything -- no reaching for a knife to cut your sandwich or burger in half once you 've made it . The blade is also broad enough , with a surface that is non-slick enough , that one dip into the jar is usually all you need
 This is the best tool for spreading sandwich filling on bread . I love it .
 I have been looking for years for a good spreader to replace the one we lost in a hourse fire . There are a lot around but they are either too small or shabbily manufactured . Finally -- one that is large enough , cuts nicely , is comfortable to arthritic hands , and goes in the dishwasher .
 - Easy grip handle is great-Spread all kinds of foods very well-Alittle bigger blade than I like , but still very nice-Cuts wellGreat Gadget to have in any kitchen , dorm room or in break room at work .
 ... the larger surface area is idea for spreading toppings on bread , esp . soft bread that is not toasted . I had an OXO spreader for years and am just about to order another one . All their small cutlery -LRB- they used to sell a mini knfe block set -RRB- is great , and the spreader is no exception .
 I dont know how I spread icing on cakes prior to having this spreader ! It is fantastic !
 I purchased a few of these . They are great for spreading margarine or cream cheese on my bagel at breakfast . Also , great for things like peanut butter . I would have given it a five star review , the only negative is price . I think $ 6.99 is closer to the value of this item .
 I 've never met an Oxo kitchen gadget I did n't like ! They 're the best . I have three of these spreaders , plus a whole host of other small items . Wish I could buy every single thing Oxo makes ! Quality products .
 It 's a good product , but I could do without the sirated edge . I want it for spreading butter , peanut butter , or whatever . The serated edge cuts into the side of plastic bottles and is irritating .
 Bought one of these years ago at the local grocery store and finally found another one at Amazon . They work great in the kitchen !
 I got one of these with an Oxo bagel holder , and frankly I do n't use it all that often . My kids are another matter . They tell me this is MUCH easier to make PB&J sandwiches with . They use it for jelly on toast , making sandwiches , putting cream cheese or butter on a bagel , etc. . If you 're an adult accustomed to just grabbing the nearest table knife , I would n't bother . But if you 've got kids , you might want to consider it . The smaller size and grippy handle seems to be easier for smaller hands to handle - and hey , they can make their own sandwiches to take to school !
 The design , mfg. and usage are excellent but the choice of material is not . Since when is it OK to use recycled stainless steel in food products , this means the stainless steel they used contained scrap iron , steel , aluminum , motor oil , etc. . This is indicated by rusty spot and staining on the blades . Why does made in USA have to follow USDA , NSF guide lines for our health but made in China does not , once again high profit margins are more important than our health .
 I have had this spreader for several years now . I really like it , but you have to take REALLY good care of it , or buy a new one every year or so . You must dry it immediately after washing , so that it wo n't rust -LRB- I wash mine in the dishwasher sometimes , but make sure to pull it out right away when it 's done -RRB- . Also , the grip at the bottom became unglued shortly after using it . This is possible due to me washing it in the dishwasher though.Now when I wash the spreader , I remove the handle -LRB- water will get into the handle and you do n't want that -RRB- , wash it by hand and dry it off . Then I let it set a few hours more , and put the item back together again . If this sounds like too much hassle for you , then you might look elsewhere .
 This knife is great for making sandwiches as it makes it a one utensil job.I use it to cut the tomatoes spread the mayo then cut the bread . the large surface area on the blade makes spreading easy . . I got mine about 3 years ago It does not have any rust on the surface as other reviewers have mentioned although I do put it in bottom rack of dishwasher . The knife is also sturdy enough to handle peanut butter right out of the fridge .
 This is not a kitchen essential , but I love it . I only bought it to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promotion , and as it turns out , I use it almost everyday . I have had it for over a year , and it still looks like new . I rarely use the dishwasher , so I wash mine by hand . I probably would n't bother putting something like this in the dishwasher anyway.I like to bake , and I use the spreader to spread butter over the dough for cinnamon rolls , spread pizza sauce over pizza dough , and I have used it a couple of times to put the frosting on cupcakes . What a great tool for 5 bucks !
 Best part about this spreader is its grip ! Comfortable to use and easy to clean . A no-brainer to buy .
 I LOVE this spreader - I bought one to try it out , despite some negative reviews . I thought , it 's only $ 5 , I 'll try it.I have n't had any of the problems that others have stated . I do n't take it apart for cleaning , and I have n't seen any rust spots . I just throw mine in the dishwasher.After using spreaders from Pampered Chef , I much prefer the Oxo spreader , as it 's much stiffer & able to scoop better . Very useful for peanut butter , cheese spreads , cream cheese , etc. . I like it so much , I 'm ordering more .
 It can be used in every detail of making a sandwich from slicing the tomatoes to spreading toppings on the bread . It is excellent for cutting and serving cakes and pies !!
 I bought this product one year ago , the first pizza wheel I 've ever purchased , at the age of 35 . I use it to cut through store-bought pizzas that one can buy in the frozen foods section of a supermarket.The blade is very sharp and cuts through the pizza dough effectively - I 've no complaints about how well the product works . On the pizzas that I eat , which are on the smaller side , I 'm not so sure if a pizza wheel is any more effective than simply using a sharp knife , but a pizza wheel certainly is more fun to use.My concern with the overall design of the pizza wheel is that the entire wheel blade is completely exposed . Even with the `` thumb guard '' offering some protection , it 's not beyond reason that if you are pushing the blade forward through the pizza , that your thumb could slip forward toward the blade should the wheel catch on something.This is not a problem specific to this particular pizza wheel , of course , but to most all pizza wheels . So , my remedy to avoid this is to pull the wheel toward me when I cut.Now , I use this to cut through cooked store-bought pizzas , which , because they are initially frozen , may have harder crusts once they come out of the oven . Or maybe I 'm just an inept pizza cutter . But for those of us who are not mechanically inclined -LRB- i.e. ca n't hammer in a nail straight -RRB- , it would be nice if the designers of this product put a guard over the wheel itself , similar to the plastic shield cover you see in a machine shop when the craftsmen use a power saw tool to cut through wood -LRB- which I also ca n't cut straight -RRB- . Perhaps that 's a bit extreme -LRB- after all , we do n't wear safety goggles when cutting pizza ... -RRB- , but it 's something I thought worth noting.As a disclaimer , I would like to add that I * do not * work for OXO or any other food design/manufacturer/service industry.Peace and happy pizza cutting !
 The 4 inch is a BIG cutter - exactly what works well for large pizzas . It feels great and I am sure it will last for many a year . I have seen smaller ones that are probably OK but I am glad I opted for this size .
 The best pizza cutter we 've seen , and we 've owned and looked at quite a few . Do n't mistake this one with the cheaper OXO cutter , make sure it is this model with the metal thumb piece . Works great , is super solid , cuts great with little pressure . The other one doesnt compare , it is much flimsier , mostly platic , does n't cut nearly as well .
 I do n't know what I expected but this pizza wheel is large ! But it is also the best we 've owned in the past 25 years . It rolls easily and with the sharpness of the wheels blade it 'll cut through just about any kind of pizza you want it to.The grip -LRB- like on all of the OXO Good Grip items -RRB- is excellent , and it is made to last . High quality construction , great blade , and grate grip , and great price . What else can I say.I would recommend it to anyone .
 Heavy , smooth action , sharp . My husband makes an ultra-deep-dish `` priazzo '' about 2 inches deep , and this cuts right through - extra pepperoni , extra veggies , extra cheese , extra thick crust , it can handle it all ! Plus , it feels good in your hand . Nice piece of equipment.Update 7/3/12
 This pizza cutter has a real big wheel and is extremely sharp when you get it . My wife cut one of those little personal pan pizza into eighths without removing the cheesy top part . It just cut right through . You may want to put the pizza on a cutting board , I have a feeling that in pan cutting will dull the blade eventually .
 I finally broke down and got one of these after getting fed up at dragging my knuckles through the pizza with my old , small wheel cutter . Boy am I glad I did ! This cutter works sooo much better . I do n't know if it 's sharper , or if it 's because it has more heft , but it cuts right through those pizza crusts , like a charm . I have also used it to cut pastry and dough and it works really well at that , too . Finally , it cleans up quickly easily . Definitely a great gadget every kitchen should have .
 This is a sturdy , big , 4-inch pizza wheel , complete with thumb guard , which produces clean , straight-through cuts on the first run every single time . Its smooth-running , beveled wheel blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight cutters do , and rendering it perfect for pizzas , pie crusts , dough , etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 OXO makes great products at a great price . It is that simple . I am sure there are better products out there at four or six times the price , but OXO makes the best stuff at the best price - it is that simple.This pizza wheel is excellent . I have read other reviews where people moan about how large it is . These people are idiots . First of all , it says before you buy it how large it is , so these people are either too stupid to read or too lazy to read.Second of all , one of the reasons why I bought this is because it is large , and the weight makes it easier to cut through pizza.Some people who reviewed this said it was not sharp when they got this . I admit this might be a pain to sharpen if it was dull , but mine is sharp so no problems there.A great product .
 This pizza wheel is of excellent quality for the money paid . It has a big wheel and cuts through everything .
 I am a HUGE pizza eater ladies and gentlemen . The amount of pizza I can insert inside my always-expanding mouth and swallow -LRB- and what is becoming quite a reccurrence these days - cramping my belly up -RRB- is ... haha , a very disturbing -LRB- or perhaps enlightening -RRB- situation to be in!Seriously , do you friendly readers have any idea * just * how much pizza I can eat in one sitting ? I 'm not setting world records or anything -LRB- well , unless we were all insects , yes , participating in some pizza-shoving competition WOULD be rather impressive then -RRB- and I definitely do n't mean to toot my own horn or anything -LRB- I 'm a tootless tooty ! -RRB- but my goodness - you can never put enough pizza in front of my hungry lips.This Oxo -LRB- Wait what ? Ox ? Where is it ! Run for the hills ! haha -RRB- . Er ... sorry about that , hehe . I 'm terrified of wild animals you see . Just the sight of one makes my feet weak . Anyway this Oxo Good Grips 4-inch Pizza Wheel is admittedly a tad small for my big hands -LRB- remember - big hands are a requirement in order to shove more delicious pizza down my throat . Did you forget already ? -RRB- but it * works * . I enjoy it.What is that smell ? Do I smell pizza in the air ? Yes I do ! Because I smell pizza in the oven ! My family is making me some tonight , and I 'll be sure to pay a little bit of respect to the pizza wheel that changed the course of my life . Changed me into the pizza-obsessed feisty wolverine that I 've embarrassingly become today.Oh and stay away . This is * my * pizza ! That 's right ! I do n't share : -RRB- Alright I better write down something serious so amazon does n't think I 'm writing a prank review . This really is a very good pizza cutter and works splendidly , and HAS been working splendidly for over 10 years now . There 's a reason this particular model is so popular .
 This is my second pizza cutter in my entire life . It is everything I thought it would be and more . I love the grippy handle and the huge wheel . I use it on my home made pizza . Yes , I make the dough from scratch along with everything else . It cuts my dough to perfectlion . I do n't buy pizza from the store or from chains , so I do n't know how it would work on other pizzas . I think that if it was used on store-bought pizza it might be comparable to cutting through a cardboard box . That is not what this item is designed to do . Use a box cutter for that . Overall it is highly recommended by me . Keep in mind that I also make whole wheat dough and like it extra crispy . It does beautiful job .
 What can I say , she really likes this brand of pizza cutters , and was really upset when it came up missing . So , after trying to weasel the brand name out of her -LRB- `` I do n't know , it 's like XXO or something '' -RRB- , I went to work and found it . Whether or not it 's a great pizza cutter , I do n't know , but it got me some `` good husband points '' .
 I love oxo utensils I am slowly replacing all my kitchen utensils with them . The pizza wheel is my latest addition .
 This pizza cutter works better than anything else I own ... and it is built to out-live roaches and Cher ! Wish I had avoided all the lesser versions these last twenty years or so .
 This item is just WOW . High quality the way it was made ; cuts pizza excellently and no loose attachments like so many kitchen utinsels that fall off in the dishwasher & cause high cost for repair . A must have .
 As the name suggests , this pizza wheel does have a good grip , nice and comfortable . It cuts pizza -LRB- and everything else really -RRB- very effectively . For anyone who does n't have a dishwasher , it is also very easy to hand wash . There is not much else to say
 This pizza wheel is so much bigger and nicer than the little $ 2 pizza cutter I had that I uploaded a picture for comparison . First of all , it 's huge and makes quick work of even your deepest deep dish pizza . You hardly have to apply any force at all . It has a very nice weight and quality feel to it . I hand wash and dry this so that it will last a really long time.I have been adding Oxo kitchen tools to my arsenal over time , and it has become one of my favorite brands along with KitchenAid , Cuisinart , Calphalon , etc.If you are willing to pay $ 12 for a pizza cutter you wo n't be disappointed with this one . It may be the last one you buy .
 Word of caution - this is very , very sharp , so be careful if kiddies are going to use it . It stays nice and sharp . I 've had mine about a year or two and it 's never been sharpened . It does a nice job on personal-size pizzas in the oven or microwave . Highly recommend it !
 very nicely designed . comfortable handle as with most OXO products . has safety grip and blade guard . sharp blade rolls freely , making cutting easy . i like the hefty feel of this tool . highly recommended .
 I was a little concerned about this product after reading the reviews which indicated the unusual size . However , this pizza cutter is great . I have now used it on my own creation which I cook on a stone and on a pizzeria-bought pie that needed re-slicing . Cut through them both like butter . The size does not get in the way and you really do n't even have to press down too hard because of the solid weight of this &#34; pizza wheel &#34; . I am very satisfied but I removed one star due to the fact that the wheel/blade can not be removed . It would have been fairly easy for Oxo to make this product with a removable blade for thorough cleaning and for ease of sharpening . I 'm disappointed about this . If the bushing or rivet fails down the road , I will probably design my own removable replacement . Last but not least , I really appreciate the quality of Oxo products . I 've got a kitchen full of them .
 Very glad that I purchased this item . Since we have been ordering from a place that sells it ` raw ' and we bake at home , I realized that I needed to have a pizza cutter . This brand is usually top notch and did not disappoint .
 Like other OXO Good Grips , the feel is great and the quality is rock solid . Cuts through crispy crusts with ease .
 Yeah , it 's like the monster truck of pizza wheels , but it works very well . We have had an old , much smaller pizza wheel for years , and when I bit the bullet and ordered a pizza stone for the oven , I added this to the order . It has great heft , nicely padded handle , and the wheel just makes slicing up a pizza effortless . The blade rolls smoothly and it has enough height to cut through thick crusted sicilian style crusts with ease .
 This is a sturdy , big , 4-inch pizza wheel , complete with thumb guard , which produces clean , straight-through cuts on the first run every single time . Its smooth-running , beveled wheel blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight cutters do , and rendering it perfect for pizzas , pie crusts , dough , etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I purchased this pizza cutter after reading a review in Cook 's Illustrated magazine . I wanted to make homemade pizza with my new baking stone and figured my old pizza cutter -LRB- which was much smaller than this one -RRB- needed to be replaced . This 4 inch cutter worked great ! It cuts right through the crust the first time and cleaned up easily .
 Comfortable handle , sharp , cuts well , rolls easily , and easy to clean . What more can you want ?
 ... Rollin ' , rollin ' , rollin ' on the pizza ... Even though I very clearly read that this is a 4-inch pizza wheel , I really did not expect it to be this ... big ... This is one hefty pizza cutter . I like to make pizza with lots of veggie toppings , and it slices right through every time . Whether or not you have to go back and forth seems to be dependent upon how crunchy you like the bottom of the crust . A softer crust slices easily with one pass . A crunchy bottom crust requires a bit more work , but not enough to give this a negative rating.What I really like about the cutter is the feel in the hand , and the easy cleanup . -LRB- Spray the cutter lightly with no-stick spray before using , and cheese , etc. rinses right off . -RRB- The bracket that holds the wheel in place is far enough away from the wheel that cheese and bits of topping do not get stuck between the bracket and the wheel . -LRB- I had that problem with my previous pizza cutter , and had to literally soak it in water after every use , and push the debris out with a toothpick . What a pain ... not to mention the yuck factor in not being able to really get it clean . -RRB- I hand wash and dry the cutter after every use , which I hope will avoid the rust issue that other reviewers mentioned.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 This is THE BEST pizza cutter I have ever used -LRB- and we eat homemade pizza at least twice a week -RRB- . It is much easier to use than just about every other pizza cutter out there due to the large wheel and plastic bushing in the hub . The cutter rolls very , very smoothly , and cuts through toppings , like pepperoni , without sliding them around into gooey mounds of cheese.The blade on mine is all stainless steel , thus no rust , and I 've had mine for 2 years now.For best results , you should hold this cutter very upright and apply enough down force . I cut my pizzas into 8 slices in a couple of seconds , and never have to retrace my cuts , unless I got lazy and did n't push down hard enough .
 I ordered a pizza stone and this cutter . I did n't realize that it was 4 '' . It 's a big one . We laughed at the size . All I know is if we ever make a thick pizza ... . we will be able to cut it . : -RRB- Do n't let kids use it . I think it could remove a finger . It 's a good one !
 You can not buy a better pizza cutter at this price . This pizza cutter is well made . Oxo always uses high quality materials in the products they make . The handle fits my hand perfectly . I have used this pizza cutter on a number of thick crust pizzas . It sliced all of them with ease . I highly recommend this pizza cutter .
 Easy to grip , easy to hold , I have used both the blade cutters and the wheel cutters and this one has really impressed me . Most of the Wheel cutters I have used are really light and you have to use alot of force to get them to work this one is no whimp and very little force is needed to cut even the hardest crust . *** Very impressed ***
 This is a brilliant device and the Daddy of pizza wheels , all pizza parlours should buy one or two they would save themselves a fortune ! One spin across the pizza and it 's done ! no repeated to and froing or worse , finishing the job with a knife ! It does not need sharpening either , just as well cos I am clueless as to how on earth you would do that job ! Oxo brands are just really really good so start collecting now !
 I make homemade pizza piled high with veggies and this wheel sliced right through everything easily without making a mess . Great product !
 This is a sturdy kitchen utensil , and the blade is magnificently sharp ! I have used it for pizza and for other foods that needed sliced , and it has worked like a charm each time . The only downside is that it does not come with any kind of protective cover .
 I could n't ask for a better pizza cutter . It does the job , and it it does it flawlessly . No complaints .
 It seems sturdy and heavy . Cuts really well . Easy to clean . The grip is nice and grippy . I like it .
 Great Pizza Wheel Indeed . . Well Built . . `` Like a Tank '' , and Hefty at that I must say.Much Better than my 5 Smaller 2 and 3 Inch ones . . Do n't think I will need another unless I open up a Commercial Pizza Joint !!! Do n't be to crazy about Bad Reviews on cutting next to the Pan Edge on any Wheel.Geometrics / Geometry/Symmetry Reigns There . . This is Far Superior to any Other that I have tried , and believe me , I have tried most of them . . Cleaning is a Breeze . . Just Rinse in Hot Water ASAP and Wallah , Your Done . . Even the Cheese Falls/Melts Right off it ... `` NICE '' Of Course I also wah it just to keep it Nice and Shiny , and dry it ASAP like any Stainless Metal should be . . Do Not use this on a Non-Stick Pan whatever you do though ... This Baby is Sharp as they Come !!!! I do n't use Non-Stick Ones anymore anyway ... Got sick of Discarding them if Scratched due to the Contamination involved . . I 'm no expert there though , Sodo your own reading on them . . Actually , I try to stick with High Quality Stainless Cookware when I can in `` All '' cooking Scenarios now . . Including this Very Nice Product . !!
 which is good because that 's its intended purpose . it 's much bigger than any pizza wheel I 've ever used , which was kind of shocking but not in a bad way .
 I love this pizza cutter ! The grip is great and blade is awesome ! This pizza cutter is very easy to clean .
 The slicing ability and ease of use makes this a welcome addition to by kitchen utensils .
 I broke my roommate 's pizza cutter and got sick of cutting pizza with a knife -LRB- very difficult -RRB- , so decided to purchase this one . It is pretty large , very sturdy and cuts through pizza on the first try . I have mostly used it with thin crust pizza , but it seems sharp and strong enough to use with thicker pizza as well . It is also very easy to hold with the soft grip handle . Love it !
 Very good . You only need to slice once . There is no need for repeat slicing in the same portions . Very good quality .
 I bought this as a gift , so I have n't actually used it , but it 's very sturdy and well made . I think my daughter-in-law will love it and will get a lot of use out of it .
 This pizza cutter is comfortable on the hands , and does its job of cutting pizza well . You will not need second swipes , and the amount of pressure needed to cut the pizza is modest , a blessing for those with older hands . It also does a fine job on Quesadillas , or so my son tells me . It far surpasses using a knife to cut pizza . Finally , it far surpasses the quality of the store-brand pizza cutter we previously used .
 I have arthritis so things like this are usually difficult . This has great grip , great balance -LRB- it looks like it should be off but it 's not -RRB- . Super cutting edge - one pass cuts even thin crispy crusts - which my old cutter took several passes to accomplish . It 's heavy but really well balanced so I think that combination might be what helps it to cut so well.Would buy it again & highly recommend it.Note - it is big - think they said 4 '' . Most pizza wheels that I 've seen are much smaller . I had to find a new storage space for it but totally worth it .
 When they say pizza WHEEL ... they mean it . It 's HUGE ! Cuts through pizza like a `` hot knife through butter . '' It is VERY sharp . I have owned mine for 3yrs and use it once a week and it still works like the day I got it . Dishwasher safe , HUGE PLUS ! You will NEVER need to buy another pizza cutter again !
 Do n't know why I waited all these years to get a pizza cutter -- so much more effective than a kitchen knife for cutting the pies . A good addition to my kitchen arsenal .
 It 's big , heavy & sharp ; goes through the thickest of deep dish and the thinnest of thin crust . The handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole . The metal bolster gives a large area for your thumb to rest against to get that extra pushing power and security.It also looks good with its shiny stainless wheel & safety bolster .
 Wheel works well - cuts pizza with ease . Washes up nicely . Feels good in the hand . Now we 'll just have to see how well it weathers time !
 My Husband loved this pizza cutter the moment he took it out of the box . The bigger size looks good and works well , and the grip is comfortable . Fairly easy to clean .
 This can opener is easy on the hands , having a nice comfortable handhold and grip.It also bites into the can and cuts around the lip in a nice even action , no jerking.I , m not an engineer but this one looks much better made than others I have used .
 I bought this can opener to replace my previous one -LRB- same kind -RRB- when it finally broke down , it is even smoother than the one I had before . Very quick and easy to use .
 I purchased this can opener many years ago and loved it so much that I bought six more and gave them to family and friends that holiday season and it was a hit . I despise electric can openers that never work properly . This hand opener is dependable , sturdy and opens cans easily . I ca n't say enough . I now own two styles of oxo peelers and love them as well .
 This is a wonderful can opener . It opens without any hitches and is easy on my wrist and fingers .
 I think we are one of the last homes to use a manual can opener but I love this one . It is really easy to use and the big handle is great when your hands are wet or cold .
 I have owned this can opener for 3 years now and I am still mostly happy with it . It features comfortable rubber grip handles and an ergonomicle hand crank -LRB- my favorite part -RRB- . Due to the design , I notice less stress and strain on my hands and wrists using this product than I had with cheaper models . I have not noticed any rusting or other problems as far as functionality is concerned . The rubber handles have loosened a bit and slide down occassionally , but this has not been problematic as of yet . All and all it has been a good product and if I ever needed a new one , I would be willing to buy this same model again .
 Easy to turn , easy on the hands . Much better than the cheap metal-handle ones I had purchased previously . One minor complaint
 Small , compact and easy on my hands . I retired my original OXO can opener after using it over ten years .
 This is a great can opener and opens very smoothly . Only thing I was dissapointed on was I searched for left handed can openers and this is one of the selections , not a left handed can opener !
 What more should be said ? It opens cans !!! Easily , simply , and now without male help.Plus when the power goes out you wo n't starve like those electric can people . Seriously-best can opener I 've used and I 've used 6 .
 I 've been an Oxo Good Grips fan for more than a decade . When I finally allowed my rusty can opener to rest in peace , I was excited to find this can opener . But I 'm less than impressed by its lightweight feel and loose bolts . I figure it wo n't be long before it wears out and I go back to Echo .
 Bought this as a gift for MIL . We have had ours for years and keeps working great . No problems at all .
 This can opener , `` Good Grips '' , is the better value of the two similar Oxo openers , the Steel and the Good Grips . The business ends of the two appear identical . The `` steel '' opener is a bit longer with a hole in the end for hanging on a peg . The steel has some metal on the grips and is over 2 oz heavier -LRB- 8 + oz . vs 10 + oz . -RRB- . The `` good grips '' has the same size grips as the steel but with a rubber like material . I have used the steel for at least a year and found it an excellent tool . I just bought the good grips so I ca n't swear it 's the same mechanism but careful inspection it looks the same . The Good Grips is marked `` stainless '' and the Steel is marked `` steel . ''
 I 've had this same opener -LRB- bought one recently for my mom -RRB- and do n't foresee ever needing another . It works like a champ and has perfectly aligned handles and grips so that you can cut through lids with no resistance . Also , unlike electric openers , YOU CAN CLEAN IT ! Highly recommended .
 Slices open canned goods easily and smoothly . Glad to get rid of my electric one . It was a good buy .
 Buying a second one we like it so much.Not sure why I have to come up with nine more words . It 's a great can opener .
 OXO makes fantastic products , and this can opener is no exception . Large rubberized handles , and a large `` comfort '' knob for cranking open any size can . Product came in original packaging , and is as described.Buy one for you , and one for someone special !
 I discovered Oxo can openers when the NY Times did a comparison and this one came out on top by a wide margin . Now it 's all I use . It really grips the can , does n't fall off , and the leverage is engineered in such a way that you do n't have to have a death grip on the handles to get it to work . This one is for a friend who has yet to see the light -- but he will ! Seriously , these are real workhorses , last for years and years and do the job better than any other can opener I 've ever tried . Get one !
 I have had this can opener for 41/2 years , and it still works just as smoothly as the first time . It is fabulous . It opens cans effortlessly , without cramping your hands at all , and without getting caught on can lids like so many cheap can openers do . I vary between rinsing it under the faucet right after using it and popping it in the dishwasher , and do n't have ANY rust on mine . I think it 's an incredible product .
 Works great . Nothing else to say . Over two years of use and still as good as the first day I used it .
 I 've used only this can opener for over four years . It still works fine . It is by far the best manual can-opener I 've ever used .
 I suffer from many ailments and had trouble opening cans . This opener solved all my problems . I bought an extra one .
 This is easy to hold and useI have opened cans from 2 inch to 12 inch acrosswith no problems
 I 've used mine for a few years and it has n't lost its edge . I have n't used a can opener that 's any better , and I 've used many that were worse . The only possible gripe is that it struggles with tiny rectangular tins.POSTSCRIPT
 I spent a couple bucks more for this at Target than a cheapie all-metal can opener and it was very well worth it . The soft grips are comfortable and the large knob is easy to turn.Not much else to say , its just a good can opener !
 came highly recommnended -- we both like it very much -- would definitely recommend to other customers -- great can opener -- we always purchased lower priced can openers .
 Need I say more ? I got a can , put the opener on , turned the crank , and presto , the can was open .
 Once my cheap , rusty can opener died , I decided to upgrade with something a bit more stylish , and functional . The OXO series never fails in the looks department , and this can opener is no exception . The action of opening a can is smooth and effortless . It feels great in your hand and is really light weight . You really ca n't go wrong with this opener . Highly recommended .
 Very easy to turn , does n't take much space , reasonably priced . No problems with it so far . I have avoided putting it in the dishwasher though .
 great opener - i purchased for my bf . He had an electric from the dark ages so we replaced it with this . He 's very happy .
 If you ever had hand troubles this can opener is great . The large handle and soft grips make it easy to use .
 Best hand can opener on the market . I have one at home and one at the office . It is so easy to use and glides with very little effort . Can not say enough good things about this . I have been happy with every OXO product I have purchased . Would definitely recommend .
 When I was a kid , my parents went through more electric can openers than I care to count ; high complexity , dubious reliability . The run-of-the-mill manual openers were n't much better ; they would usually slip , failing to turn the can and open it.Enter the GoodGrips can opener - I picked one of these up over a year ago , and it 's functioned perfectly ever since . The all-stainless construction means no fear of dishwashers , though you 'll want to keep metal utensils from banging into the blade . The rubber handles are very comfortable , and the big fat plastic crank handle handily rotates the can with no contortions whatsoever . Simple and inexpensive but effective - I 've been very satisfied with this product.In fact , it was so good I gave one to my mother , and she has n't complained about it a bit !
 After months of buying dollar store to expensive can openers I finally found one that works well with ease , does not break after one use , and is good for those arthritically challanged.It does not rust either . I have had mines for over a year now .
 I 've had this can opener for almost three years and have experienced none of the problems mentioned by the other reviewers . It 's the best can opener I 've ever had . It opens every can easily with minimal effort . I 've had tendonitis in my wrists , so that 's important to me . I 'm going to buy it for my friend .
 I have used a P38 for over 40 years ; I find it to be light weight and ready to use at a moment 's notice.However the Oxo good grips will hold the can in place while opening the lid . Not being on the chain , you can also open it with your arms extended ; this comes in handy when you are opening cat food . This also does not require you to be so dexterous . Your finger does not become calloused . And it does not get lost in the dishwasher.Just be sure while the cat is sniffing the can , that you do n't grind his whiskers.GI - P - 38 - Can Opener
 I 've had this can opener for most of my twenties -LRB- I 'm 28 now and bought it when I was 21 -RRB- . Mine has a little rust on the cutting wheel , but only at the ` hub ' . I 'm checking it out right now and I really have to pull to get the handles to come off . I 'm wondering if the people who have rust issues have put the item through the dishwasher frequently ; mine only goes into the dishwasher occasionally and has held up very well .
 For what it is , it 's perfect ! Every kitchen and emergency supply kit should have a manual can opener . The old kind , without all the ergonomics and padding , were uncomfortable to use ; this one 's a breeze . It arrived within 10 days of ordering , and is exactly as advertised .
 I purchsed the OXO Good Grips Can Opener to use in our RV . We have an electric can opener that we store , but this hand held will be more convenient to use . It is comfortable to use and does not hurt my hand .
 I already have used various items made by OXO such as a wine opener , vegetable peeler ... etc. . Once again oxo makes a great can opener too .
 This handle makes is really easy and comfortable to open anything you want .
 We replaced a much less expensive manual opener with this . The difference in the way the handle turned was amazing . The Oxo is smooth and easy to operate .
 I have been using Oxo Kitchen tools for years . They are absolutely the best . They make kitchen work smooth and easy . Never found a can opener that compares .
 A can opener is a pretty basic piece of machinery . But I 've had several that were n't up to their simple job , or at least not for very long . Nothing is worse than having the blade snap off when the can is half open , or having the opener quit turning the can . -LRB- Actually , lots of things are worse . For example , being in a maximum security Third World prison probably makes a broken can opener seem like a Gilbert and Sullivan operetta . -RRB- But at any rate , it 's a good sturdy can opener that opens cans real good .
 One of the Got ta have items in every home . Easy to use , just does a great job.In these days of bad weather , brownouts etc. worth it 's weight .
 This can opener works sooo easily ! I like manual can openers , but some of them are a pain to operate . This Good Grips opener works as good as the other Good Grips products that I have tried .
 I love this can opener . I have had two others this year -LRB- in a different brand -RRB- and neither of them held up very well . My sister-in-law had this can opener and said she liked it so I figured I would give it a try . This opener has a comfortable grip and a smooth crank . I have had it just over a month and it is holding up very well , no rust .
 Very smooth operation . My complaint is that I have already spotted a bit of rust , but careful washing and drying should alleviate the problem .
 This is a great and easy to use can opener . The grips are n't really necessary , but they are nice . The can opener turns really easily , and it requires little force . Almost as easy as an electric can opener ...
 `` Desprately Needing A Can-Opener '' , might be the title of a small household dilemma I was facing a few weeks ago . My electric can-opener , -LRB- Proctor-Silex Model No. 76370R -- which has since been replaced by Model No. 76370P -- which HAS to be a better machine -RRB- , had broken . Good riddance , really , as it was really difficult to position a can to be cut by it , and , ... `` once the can was opened / a little splash of any liquid / in / the can / would come / a final sting '' . -LRB- Nope -- four and twenty blackbirds NEVER popped out of this can opener ... but using it sure did blacken my mood to use it . -RRB- I used it , however , because , after much frustration and many tries , it DID actually open cans . It had cost me some money at the local supermarket , and I guess it did n't start `` spitting out '' until the warranty period was over . But , it was with pure ecxtacy that I noted this troublesome can-opener , -LRB- which I felt had somehow developed a `` Lindsay Lohan Complex '' -RRB- , had -- and without my doing a thing to hasten it 's demise -- finally broken beyond repair ... My next step was to buy a MANUAL can opener from Amazon , -LRB- because you never can know what Osama 's comrades-in-arms , or OTHER enemies of freedom might one day to to the Western World 's supply of electrictiy , etc. . I 'm a native New York Citier who was living IN NYC , -LRB- Queens -RRB- , when 9/11 occured . and -- as I 'm of a Libertarian mindset in any event -- take calamity preparation VERY seriously.THIS can-opener , the TUPPERWARE SERIES-E design , -LRB- cheaper model -RRB- , came with it 's own problem -- amd , -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- , was worse than the Proctor-Silex electric can opener . Because the Tuperware Series-E , manuel design , -LRB- cheaper model -RRB- -- though it went around any can effortlessly -- just would NOT CUT any cans!Well , two weeks without a can-opener is like two days without electricity ! -LRB- Grrrr ! -RRB- Finally , a friend of mine recommended the OXO GOOD GRIPS CAN OPENER WITH BOTTLE OPENER . Oxo Good Grips ! WHY had n't I thought of that brand before -- like , maybe , before I had bought the Proctor-Silex ? Or at LEAST before buying the Tupperware Series E ? Anyway , I finally deciding that the old adage , `` late is better than never '' is right , yet again , I gave her my money , and told her to bring me the can-opener . The OXO GOOD GRIPS CAN OPENER WITH BOTTLE OPENER worked wonderfully ! Simply open the can opener 's legs , place the gears between the can 's rim , press down with moderate strength until you make a dent INTO the rim -- and turn . The turning is almost effortless , and the top comes off smoothly , with hardly a ripple in the metal.The `` legs '' of this OXO GOOD GRIPS can-opener , as in all OXO GOOD GRIPS products , have a nice rubber sheathing , making it easier to grasp the can opener . If , for some reason , you want to separately wash these rubberized `` legs '' , -LRB- if you get them stained , for instance -RRB- , they can -- with a bit of effort -- actually slide off , revealing strong metal handles , that provide the base for the rubberized grip.The nice and LARGE , semi-circular `` turning handle '' , is pretty to look at and easy to use . It also can , -LRB- if desired -RRB- , give something of a history lesson , to people who have a mind for these things . Holding the closed can-opener SIDEWAYS , and having the semi-circular handle at the TOP , and at it 's WIDEST angle , an illusion of the hat , -LRB- and head -RRB- , of none other than Napoleon Bonaparte comes into view ! Turn the handle so that you see the handle at it 's NARROWEST view -- and up pops an illusion of the hat -- and head -- of Admiral Nelson , -LRB- of all people ! -RRB- Well , something VERY CLOSE to the way Admiral Nelson 's hat and head looked , anyway . This `` close-to '' view of Admiral Nelson can ALSE be seen , -LRB- especially if you tilt the can opener slightly upward -RRB- , as a possible futuristic army helmet -- which looks like the present US Army helmet , only much , much narrower.Turn the can opener around , and have the handle at the BOTTOM , -LRB- with the handle again at its WIDEST angle -RRB- , and you have a nice illusion of a dancer -- her hat , head , and ruffled neckline on top , -LRB- the gears -RRB- , and her wide skirt , -LRB- the handle -RRB- , at the bottom.The nicest illusion , however , is when you look at the gears themselves , when the can-opener is , again , in a CLOSED position . They happily resemble , -LRB- somewhat -RRB- , the opening drawing in the delightful Disney Little Golden Book , `` ONCE UPON A WINTERTIME '' , -LRB- for which I have also written a review for Amazon . -RRB- On that firstpage , the heroine , `` Jenny '' , and the hero , `` Joe '' are both seen in side-by-side picture-frames . Jenny is coming out of her frame , to give a kiss to Joe . So , too , does opening and closing the gears of this can-opener , and looking closely at the gears , give the same `` kissing effect '' illusion !
 The OXO can opener is n't that different in basic design from any other manual can opener . You close the blade-and-gear assembly over the edge of a can , grasp the handles , and turn the crank-thingie . The can opener goes around the edge of the can and cuts the lid free from the can.The good
 When you live in Louisiana , after Katrina , you get prepared . Even in the northern part where so many people sought temporary shelter , you follow the Boy Scout motto . Because of the frequent thunderstorms that are part of hurricane periphery , one must take into account that electricity will go out . This is true of the entire year , not just hurricane season.I keep an assortment of emergency equipment and supplies to make myself independent . Can opener , tuna in both cans and pouches , other food items , a look-like kerosene lamp that runs on Big D batteries and throws out great light , my clip-on reading light , fresh batteries and bulbs , candles and matches , drinking water in reserve , other drinks of choice , and so on.This Oxo Good Grips Can Opener allows you to do just that
 I ca n't count how mant electric can openers have broken on me.Now I just use this handy and comfortable can opener , what I like best aboutit , is that it takes up no space at all , hardly.I like mine very much , I 've had it a good while and would recommend it.Of course , it 's great at work too .
 I 've had my Great Grips for over a year and would n't trade them for anything else ! I like the big rubber grips which makes it easy to hold on to and opening a can is less of a struggle than it used to be . Once you 've locked the cutting edge into the lid it does n't slip out like some others I 've had . I always hand wash my OXO and it still looks like brand new ! I 've bought the OXO Good Grips as a gift for my niece and nephew who are just getting started with their own kitchens because they deserve the best !
 I would n't use any other kind -- and this can opener is my favorite stocking stuffer as well !
 Unlike most can openers , which threaten to slice your finger off/open while you 're using them , this one is easy to turn AND easy to grip , with no sharp metal bits . So it works much better than any other can opener . You might pay more now , but it seems like this one will last much longer than the easily-rusted , cheap metal ones I 've had before .
 This can opener is easy to snap onto the can and the handle is easy to turn . It 's the best one I 've ever owned so I have to give it 5 stars .
 My financee and I purchased this can opener to complete our OXO collection of kitchen utensils . I was impressed with how easy it was to open cans . I decided to purchase another opener for my grandmother who has arthritis . She was / is impressed by how easy it is to open cans and has thanked me for the gift many times . This OXO opener is a great gift for those who have arthritis but do not want to purchase an electric can opener .
 The OXO Good Grips Can Opener is a perfect tool for the household . I went from using electric can openers , and decided I wanted to try a conventional one - man , I am glad I did ! This can opener is extremely easy to hold onto , and no fussy ` set-up ' for the can required . It fits into place and cuts the can without having to align the opener . It also looks snazzy , too !
 The large black knob on this can opener enables it to rotate very easily , and without much effort . It also has soft gripping handles , and is not to heavy .
 This peeler is great . With arthritic hands I often struggle with can opening and other such fiddly tasks . This is the perfect tool for the job . It 's very sharp , and opened the can with almost no pressure required .
 I never thought there could be much difference in hand held can openers but this one is great . It is super smooth , operates so easily , and does n't take any muscle at all .
 It is one of the best can openers !!! - even beter than an electric !!! All my friends have them and I gave one to an elederly neighbor whose can opener broke and she loves it .
 The corkpull that comes with this OXO set is not a terribly great corkscrew , but not so bad . If you , like I , are the occasional wine drinker but leave the heavy wine habit to those with a Rabbit or Screwpull , then the OXO 2 piece set will serve you fine . If you are more serious about your wine , keep the corkpull in your picnic basket and buy a Screwpull immediately for home use . You 'll thank me later ... The only reason I even own this set , quite frankly , is for the bottle opener . Simplistic as it may be , it is one amazing opener for the simple fact that it does not distort the shape of the cap when opening the bottle.I actually own 3 of these openers , and the 2 older ones have flat opener sections which do not bend the cap , but the newer one has a bar in the center designed to bend the cap when using the opener . Obviously , I am much the fan of the older design and find it to be superior to the cap-bending version of this product . The newer iteration is great for those who do n't like bracing the bottle against a hard surface to open , but for beer enthusiasts or even soda fanatics who try so hard to keep caps as pristine as possible , the older version of this opener is absolutely the answer to your prayers . Many a partygoer is enthused by the simple fact that they can reseal any bottle with the cap I have opened with this OXO opener . For some reason , beyond me , the only place I continue to find the flat-style opener is in these 2-piece sets . And I absolutely love them.Not everyone is going to be a fan of a bar-style opener that has to be used on a solid surface or with an arm of steel , but I ca n't say I 've ever seen anybody unimpressed with this opener and it 's ability to keep the cap intact .
 I 've had this wine opener for about a year and I wo n't use anything else . All you need to do is twist and pull ! I 've never had a cork break or leave cork remnants more than any other opener.I recieved the rabbit opener last Christmas and still have n't taken it out of the package since I still love the ease of this inexpensive gadget .
 I bought this knife years ago , and it still stays sharp . I love it because I have small hands for an adult , and I do n't feel as safe using a large knife , and this one works great for me . I LOVE Oxo products and own many !! Would make a wonder gift too , especially for someone who has problems with their hands , as their handles do make a person feel safer when using the item , and they feel very comfortable in the hand , especially important when using a knife !! They last too , and I still use this knife for many , many items , and it is still sharp , years later !!
 I own two larger Wusthof Santoku knives that I love for serious slicing and chopping , but this is a great little knife for all kinds of food prep , especially for the money . Lots of people use paring knives for chopping small things , but they 're really not shaped for that . This knife is perfect , because it is curved and can rock a little , and the handle fits great in your hand . Great for mincing garlic or any small job . A friend used it at my house and loved it so much I bought her one as a present .
 I bought this as a kitchen knife for my little boy -LRB- 4 yrs old -RRB- to use when we prep/cook . I could n't find a chef 's knife small enough for him to wield . Small paring knives do n't have the offset blade like a chef 's knife , so chopping and such is n't easy to do , since there 's not room for a full grip -LRB- fingers around the handle -RRB- when chopping . This little knife fits the bill . I also find myself using it when doing small work chopping , like garlic , etc and I do n't need a bigger knife . Durability-wise , I 've had it for a few months and put it in the dishwasher every time . Looks to be holding up fine .
 My winery bought two of these chillers and they were exactly what we needed . The center compartment filled with ice keeps the wine cool without damaging the labels . At outdoor functions , we fill one with ice to keep the white wines cool and partially fill the other to keep the red wines from getting too warm in the summer heat . They are well made and look very attractive for professional or party use .
 this keeps the while wine , champagne , chilled for as long as you need it . great ! does not get the bottles wet so they still have their labels on.looks very classy too .
 This product was exactly what I wanted . What I did n't want was to pay full retail and if E-bay had been playing fair then I would n't have.I have seen other people use this product and it is wonderful . The company did a great packing job .
 Just used this for the first time . I 've always used a real fine grater for lemon zest , but this is SO much better ! I got nice , thin strands of lemon zest and no issue about getting into the bitter white pith .
 I got an Oxo zester because I love most of the other Oxo products I 've tried . Like those , this is comfortable in the hand and to use , and I was pleased . It 's good for garnish and easy to control , and is the best I 've used of its style.Then I saw a photo in a food blog -LRB- in Pioneer Woman 's `` Orange Mini-Muffins with Brown Sugar Glaze '' post -RRB- of an orange with a clean , THOROUGHLY zested stripe across it from a Microplane zester , seemingly from a single swipe . I went out and got a Microplane -LRB- this one , because it does n't have cutting edges on the sides and I 'm a klutz : Microplane Fine Grater -RRB- and was an instant convert . Yes , the photo was very probably a single-swipe one . With the Microplane , it 's really easy to get every last shred of zest from an orange -- without a single iota of pith ! -- in about the same amount of time it takes to simply peel an orange . Wow.If garnish is your goal , plus an occasional bit of zest for cooking , the Oxo 's really pretty good . If you want to get lots of pith-free zest as quickly and easily as possible , I recommend a Microplane.I 'm not much for garnish -LRB- a knife will do what little I need -RRB- , so I gave my Oxo away .
 When I first heard about a zester , I was intrigued . I promptly went out and bought one to remove lemon peel for Lemon Meringue Pie . I decided that a zester had to be the best thing since the invention of the whisk.A `` zester '' allows you to create fine strips of peel from lemons , oranges and other citrus fruits . It is essential for all cooks if you want to remove lemon peel for a Lemon Meringue Pie or for orange peel if you are making Orange Butter.To remove zest from citrus , simply pull the sharp edge of the zester across the fruit peel . The zester has fine holes which are sharp and cut into the peel . This results in fine strips of citrus peel which may then be chopped . If you want to obtain small pieces without having to chop the zest , just pull the sharp edge across a small section at a time . I recommend using organic citrus fruits.If you want to make a pretty display of oranges and lemons , you can use the `` channel knife '' to cut thin strips of peel out of the citrus fruits . The result is a decorative pattern . I start at the top of the citrus fruit and wind my way around to the base . Think of how you peel an apple and it is just as easy.Just a hint
 If you need a zester this is probably one of the best . It even curls the lemon peel if you like to make fancy desserts or drinks .
 I use this for zest and creating citrus twists , it 's super easy to use , and easy to hold . Like all other OXO equipment its of great quality .
 This is a really good peeler , and I am really happy with it , my only complaint is that it peels a little narrow for my taste .
 Works well with limes , lemons , and oranges . I have used a couple times and it works great ! ! !
 For years I have made Cranberry Nut Quick Bread for gifting during the holiday season . While I was ordering the juicer , I saw this & decided it was time to stop adding a chunck of flesh to my breads & get fancy ! This worked like a breeze !
 This is an excellent zester . It is easy to hold , quick to use , and works great . It gives me lovely long curls of zest to use in my cooking or just for tea with some ginger !
 This is very easy to use . I love how the orange rind comes of in spaghetti like strands . I dry these in the dehydrator to produce a wonderful aroma throughout the house .
 I recently found out about using a Zester and I really like this product . Once I figured out how to use it , it works really well !
 This zester is easy to use and comes in handy . Makes nice little shreds of citrus peel to use in recipes . Easy to hold .
 Does it zest a lemon ? ... You betcha ! Does it pay the bills ? ... No ... My dog seems to love this thing !
 Great little zester , as I expected from OXO . My biggest gripe is that it is definitely biased against the right-brained among us -LRB- left-handed -RRB- , but as we 're also good at adapting we can still make it work . I also wish the channel knife was a little sharper , but that 's easily remedied with a metal needle file . Otherwise I 'd definitely recommend it .
 My whole life , I 've always used a sort of grating tool made for zesting . However , this zester completely beats that tool by a long shot ! It 's less messy -LRB- if at all , really -RRB- and you 're less likely to get the sour white rind of oranges/limes/lemons . AND it 's must faster and very practical . A must-have for any kitchen !
 I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic -LRB- C5-6 for any of you who care -RRB- . I have only about 1/3 use of my hands and about 1/2 use of my arms , but I can use this zester -- not with great ease , but I can use it ! I can not use any other zester I have tried.My mother has mild arthritis and she likes my Oxo tools better than her own -LRB- even the ones she 's grown to love over the years -RRB- . The zesting blades are sharp and at the perfect angle . You get perfect zest with little effort . And you get NO pith -LRB- bitter white part -RRB- . As with almost all Oxo tools the design is excellent
 Most kitchens probably do not have a lemon zester as a routine item , but the OXO zester is a must for both casual and professional cooks . The problem with most zesters is they are n't sharp enough to properly zest only the lemon peel but instead give you white pith along with the zest . But the OXO only gives you the best of the lemon as it stainless steel blade cuts sharply and cleanly . Another excellent feature is a built in garnishing tool that allows you to cut designs into citrus fruit thus giving you two kitchen gadgets for the price of one . The zester is quite durable and goes through the dishwasher quite well too . This tool is also extremely safe for even the youngest of hands as its slip proof construction allows you to grip it easily without fear of slipping and hurting oneself . So add some zest the OXO way !
 This handy and attractive zester comes with very sharp holes set at the perfect angle to make zesting rinds virtually effortless and give you more peel without pith on lemons , oranges and even the toughest of citrus skins . The built in channel knife for garnishing is a convenient addition you can use on chocolate and other foods to produce the perfect decoration every time . Its sharp blades never seem to need sharpening , and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional zesters do.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its injury-free , elegant , stylized , standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I find I have to * push * hard to get thru thick orange and lemon rinds . I have found that the microlane grater is easier and more versitile ... The handle feels odd to me ... and too big as a grip .
 This is a wonderfully efficient zesting tool . If you find that you need a zester more than even once a year you should invest in this nifty little product . It boasts solid construction with an easy grip rubberized handle and 5 sharp holes for quick and easy zesting . Very easy to hold and twist when zesting . It even has a little channel knife if you want to do some fancy peeling . This beats the heck out of trying to zest with a cheap grater type device and is vastly superior to trying to zest with the edge of a knife . -LRB- As I did for years before I learned better -RRB- I use lemon and lime zest quite a bit more than the average person and I see no signs that this tool will dull , break , or wear out anytime soon . Highly recommended tool for any active zester . As easy to wash as a fork . Cool .
 Not only is the OXO Good Grips Lemon Zester fun , easy , and comfortable to work with , it also seems to deliver more peel -LRB- without pith -RRB- than I have previously derived from other methods.It is easy to scrape around any unwanted spot . I also like the size and shape of the zest obtained .
 Like all other OXO `` Good Grips '' products this lemon zester does what it 's designed to do , effortlessly . Comfortable to hold and easy and efficient to use . Designed for those of us who have arthritis and great for everyone else ! Unlike some lesser quality lemon zesters , this one 's easy to clean . I own this product and it can also be used for zesting oranges , which is how I most frequently use mine . Price is an absolute bargin . I 've seen the same product elsewhere at a much greater cost . You HAVE to get this lemon zester , HERE and NOW !
 I am bartender who uses this tool constantly at work . The channel knife not only creates an elegant-looking garnish , but the motion of peeling the rind over the glass sprays the essential oils of the citrus into the glass , which adds a great deal of flavor to the cocktail . It works best on oranges and lemons -- limes can be done but as the skin is thinner it tends to break off sooner . I have yet to find a channel knife designed for limes . Any good bartender should this tool . The zesting end can be used at home for cooking ; adding zest to baked goods or vinagerettes and marinades.This particular brand is excellent because it fits well into the palm and is comfortable to hold . I sought it out specifically over other brands because of how it fits into the hand .
 Comfortable rubber gripper provides a great deal of control when using the product . The blade is very sharp and stays that way . Perfect for zesting or creating garnish . It is also attractive and durable in design and very compact -LRB- does n't take up a lot of room in the drawer -RRB- . I love mine . It is a great buy and at a reasonable price .
 This handy and attractive zester comes with very sharp holes set at the perfect angle to make zesting rinds virtually effortless and give you more peel without pith on lemons , oranges and even the toughest of citrus skins . The built in channel knife for garnishing is a convenient addition you can use on chocolate and other foods to produce the perfect decoration every time . Its sharp blades never seem to need sharpening , and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional zesters do.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its injury-free , elegant , stylized , standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I like that it is n't all grated but rather long thin strips that you can chop as you wish - I think it holds more flavor that way - thought I saw a similar product in my supermarket for $ 2.99 but maybe the quality is n't as good . Glad tp have it .
 If you do a lot of zesting , then this is the zester for you . It has an extremely comfortable handle and makes great zest . It is sturdy and should last a long time . Great buy .
 This Zester works fantastic ! It gives zest you can see , smell and taste much better than other zesters I have used .
 I use the lemon zester all the time . It is easy to use and I like the grip and how is fits my hand .
 Many things I bake are made better with fresh citrus zest , but knives and graters also add my blood to the muffins , cakes and pies . Enter this citrus zester - it 's quick , it 's easy to use and best of all - no mangled flesh .
 Buen producto , de buen filo y hecho con buenos materiales , el agarre es comodo y firme . Lo recomiendo como todos los productos de esta marca .
 Good for both zesting and making twists . Got it for my home bar set , looks like a quality product . Works like a charm !
 The OXO `` Good Grips '' Lemon Zester has a very good grip indeed . It has a fat handle that gives your hand good leverage when using the single tooth to get long fat strips of lemon zest . Flip the zester over and there is a narrow row of 5 or 6 small round holes that -LRB- with some pressure -RRB- create nice thin short strips of lemon zest . This tool would also work with unripe papaya to shave into pickled preserves or other papaya recipes . It 's not the fastest zester , but it 's a lot simpler to clean after using , compared to any larger screen-type grater .
 Before purchasing this nifty little zester , I would always leave the zest out of any recipe that called for it . Whenever I tried to use a grater , the colored zest would stick inside the holes . If I kept on grating until the zest came out the other side , then I 'd also get bits of bitter pith that would ruin the taste and the recipe.This tool makes perfect zest that includes only the flavorful colored part of the citrus peel . You run it lightly over the surface of the peel , and it makes ultra-thin strips of colored zest . The tool is easy to control , and a snap to use . I use mine to make non-bitter-tasting orange , lemon , and lime zests for homemade sorbets , ices , and ice creams .
 I do n't know if other zesters would be better , as I have not used any prior to purchasing this one.If this is going to be your first zester , I recommend this one . This is my first and I appreciate the price and quality . It makes the job very easy and the size of the zest depends on how big your strokes are . You can make them pretty small too.Other reviews make a good point emphasizing that it does miss some spots . I feel like it 's a very minor thing though and many zester will miss pieces too , but do n't get this product if you are aiming to get 100 % of the zest . It 's not a big deal for me personally though as I feel like it misses less than 10 % so I can always get another fruit out.MAIN POINTS
 It takes some getting used to the technique needed to get a good quality strip of rind off a lemon or lime , but once you have it down it 's a snap . The handle is great and feels good in your hand . The zester at the end is n't that useful , I mainly use the big part for pulling off rind for martinis and lemon drops .
 This is an excellent little tool for curling off nice , long strings of lemon peel for cocktails , smoothies , stir fries , soups , salads , and even teas , and broths.Comes sharp , stays sharp , fits your hand nicely to make the job even more fun ! - I would say even a great tool for professionals!One of those tools that you 'll wonder why you waited so long to have in your kitchen arsenal !
 I like it ! I 've been using a lot of oriential receipes and this zester works so much better than what I 'd been using in the past . Works well . Gets the job done and is comfortable to hold and use .
 I bought this for making citrus peel cocktail garnishes . The cutting blade could be a little sharper and it looks clumsily formed . It works well though , and I do n't regret buying it . If you 're looking for something to make citrus peel for baking or cooking , I 'd go with a microplane instead . The zester part of this makes long thing strips which would be more for garnishing food , and the other part makes ~ 1/4 '' thick strips for garnishing drinks .
 Ordered this tool to help me add citrus peels and zest to various cocktails and it has so far lived up to expectations . Seems well made and makes a nice deep cut when needed but possible to cut a little more shallow if need be . My only complaint is that I just wish companies would make things like this for left handed people . Oxo has a reputation for good quality and ergonomic tools but they still leave out a good portion of the population by not accomodating left handed people ! They are n't alone of course but frustrating all the same .
 I love this zester ! It is so easy to use and clean ! It can even provide peels . Fabulous product !!
 Purchased the OXO lemon zester and like other OXO products , very good . Tried a couple of supermarket $ 2.00 ones and that 's exactly what they were , $ 2.00 ones . For a few bucks more get the OXO , it actually works well .
 True to the name , this fits your hand and is very comfortable to hold ; also does a very good job of zesting .
 I got this for my boyfriend , and he loves it ! It 's comfortable to hold , does n't slip , and creates great , long zests for cocktail garnishes !
 This is the best and sharpest zester ever !! LOVE IT !! So easy to use too !!
 I have n't found an OXO kitchen tool that I have yet to like or think is better than any other brand I 've used . I give this 5 stars for a reason .
 If you enjoy baking or mixology , you really must have this zester . It should be a staple of every kitchen . It 's awesome for adding interest to cocktails like cosmopolitans and gimlets.I 've used this zester on oranges , lemons and limes . It works excellently for creating spiral twists on oranges and lemons . Limes are tougher to work with , though I ca n't say I 've ever tried using a different zester on limes . Limes may just be tricker because the rinds are thinner . Overall , though , an excellent value for the money .
 I used this zester for the first time today and was pleased with how it works . It takes little effort to use and works quickly . I noticed that I could use long heavy strokes to produce long thick strands of zest , and short light strokes to make thinner shorter strands . It 's nice to be able to control the size of the zest this way.The holes ' sizes prevent you from going too deep into the peel , which means you wo n't reach the bitter layer underneath the peel . My husband hates a bitter taste in anything that has orange zest in it , and this tool is perfect for preventing that . No more bitter citrus flavor in my cakes and dessert!I gave it four stars because it sprays oil from citrus peels as you work . I had to keep it pointed straight down in my mixing bowl to prevent the oils from spraying onto the counter and my recipe card which was laying in front of my bowl . Other than that , this is a great zester.I 'd highly recommend this lightweight and effective zester to everyone I know .
 I 've purchased quite a number of Oxo products in the last few months , and this one performs up to standard . I have used it quite a bit lately have not been disappointed . Really works well to carve out strips of rind for a variety of projects . Dishwasher-safe too . Recommended .
 this little tool enables you to add another , fresh dimension to yourcooking . The bright , sharp tang of citrus peel is a wonder in dozensof dishes . pancake batter ? sure . a reduction sauce ? of course.In fact , any time you have meaty , salty or hot flavors in a combinationthat seems to lack something or other , a bit of citrus zest is a good fallbackoption . If you 're really scrupulous , it pays to get organically grown fruitbecause of chemical residues and paraffin preservatives on the skins ofconventionally-grown fruit.A zester can also be used to raise butter curls or to scrape a carrot intoshreds as a last minute addition to a sauce , or to shred some parsnip intohot soup.It 's unlikely that you will ever wear out the sharp edges on a zester , butthey are remarkably cheap and if you amortize the cost over-let 's say-a hundred recipes , this is a downright cheap addition to your batterie.By the way , the little notch that you see in the side is a cannelling or caning blade . It 's for cutting long thin strips . Those striped cukes that you see on salad trays are done this way . You can also use the strips themselves as decorative additions to stir-fries , pasta dishes and soups.OXO is well known for their ergonomic grips . This one looks most unlikelybut actually proves to be very handy -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . -- Lynn Hoffman , author of New Short Course in Wine , The andbang BANG
 This is a pretty good zester . It has a very comfortable grip and it 's easy to clean . It was perfect for my needs , but if you want a very fine zest this is not the product for you . It 's really only practical if you do n't mind a little bit thicker zest .
 This is among the best of the OXO tools I 've owned . It has exceptional sharpness and is a pleasure to use . Any serious cook who uses zest should strongly consider this tool .
 When I first got it I was disappointed to see how short the handle was . Until I went to use it . Considering how you hole the zester and use your thumb support on the lemon this design is perfect.Very happy with it . The rubber handle helps to give a good purchase on the lemon with out sliding around your hand .
 It seems as though I am always purchasing a new garlic press for my husband , who can NOT get enough garlic ! I used to be the primary cook in our family but since I allowed my husband in a couple of times , well , he 's taking it over.Anyway , the press works GREAT ! More garlic actually goes through the mincing holes and the cleaner-upper-pusher-through gizmo does a fantastic job . We have put away or thrown away so many other presses that did n't do the job that well but felt the need to hang onto it in case the next one broke ... Now we can throw out the others . The OXO is made so well that I do n't think we 'll need the others.Oxo makes other great products too . So far , if it 's an OXO , I/we have found it reliable and typically as good if not better than other brands . The fact that OXO products are fairly priced is another incentive for acquiring their product .
 I received this set as a gift about 3 years ago , and I think it 's great ! The pizza cutter , which has fins on the rubber handle , is particularly comfortable , and it does a great job of slicing through thick Boboli pizzas . Unlike more cheaply-made versions , this garlic press feels firm and weighty in your hands , and it does an excellent job of producing finely minced garlic . The red rubber fingers ensure that the piece cleans easily and thoroughly . I did experience a problem with the garlic press , however
 These are great products that are a pleasure to use . The pizza cutter is easy to hold onto and cuts through even thick crust pizzas with little effort.The garlic press is also very effective in its intended use . I especially like the non-slip handles which make using the press a real joy.So far every thing I 've ordered from OXO has been a welcome addition to my kitchen. : o -RRB-
 Both pieces are solid , quality constuction . The wheel does n't have that wobble thing going on , and the garlic press is BIG enough to press the big cloves . I use them both all the time . At this price , you ca n't go wrong .
 A handy tool for people who like to ease their work as much as possible.Looks good but can improve a little more.A nice gift to mom on Mother 's day . This is a nice one for people who find little time to work manually . It is perfect fit for small pockets .
 My Shop-Vac is a 12 Gallon Model 800L . In 2010 , I added a Trash Can Cyclone Lid w / a 5-gallon bucket to create a 2-stage system.After having a malfunction that clogged the paper filter , I browsed the Shop-Vac website for a solution . I equipped the 800L with aGore CleanStream-Gore HEPA Cartridge Filter -LRB- Shop-Vac 9034000 -RRB- and a Disposable Collection Filter Bag -LRB- 906-62-00 -RRB- . This created a 3-stage system that is effective for filtering all but the extremely finest dust.I also replaced the Reusable Disc Filter on my Mini-Vac with a Super Performance Dacron Cloth Filter -LRB- 901-15-00 -RRB- . I also purchased a Super Performance Dacron Reusable Disc Filter -LRB- 901-13-00 -RRB- and a 3-Pack of Reusable Disc Filters -LRB- 901-37-00 -RRB- as backup for both vacuums .
 I 've had one of these for several years and am completely satisfied . It does a very nice job . The last thing I would do is put it in a dishwasher -- if you only use it for garlic a simple rinse works fine . No utenzil with soft rubber handles should be put into the dishwasher -- unless you want to pull it out before the dry stage . As to the garlic oozing out the sides , just lick it off as I do !
 This garlic press works awesome !! I have not had ANY problems with it , like those mentioned by others . Also , other folks said that you had to take off the rubber handles prior to placing in the dishwasher but I never have and the press works like a dream even after I have done so probably 50 times since I purchased it 6 months ago.I use garlic in a lot of my recipes so it gets used a bunch . The handles are thick and easy to grip , it can press a lot of garlic at one time and since YOU CAN put it in the dish washer as is , there 's no trouble getting it clean .
 This is the best garlic press I have ever owned . I bought my first one about two years ago and it 's still going strong - never had a handle come off or metal crack . Every pod of garlic comes out as well as the first because of the rubber knobs on the back side . You do n't have to try to pick garlic remains out with a knife before squeezing another pod . I purchased a new XOX garlic press about a week ago for use in my motor home.I 've seen those little green sleeves to remove the garlic skin in speciality stores . I 'm glad I read the reviews , I will purchase that product next .
 I have never been a fan of garlic presses . Most of them are wimpy and have small chambers that barely hold a whole clove . For those who dislike the garlic smell on their hands , most presses are so ineffective that one ends up touching garlic anyway , just to get it to go through ! Most `` garlic presses '' should be called `` garlic juicers . '' Do n't even get me started on cleaning the things.Not this one . We got it as a wedding gift last year , and although I was skeptical , I used it . I love it . It 's hefty , comfortable to hold , has a chamber that holds three average sized cloves , and actually presses garlic . Yeah ! Excess garlic can be removed from the press with the tip of a fork , and it cleans up nicely in the diswasher .
 I bought this item to replace a Zyliss aluminum garlic press which could n't be washed in the dishwasher because of tarnish from the detergent . I had no idea the OXO press would be so easy to use -- it takes much less strength than the Zyliss and is much easier on my hands . It comes out of the dishwasher looking like new . Try it , you 'll like it !
 I 'm a garlic fanatic , and use garlic in nearly every meal from breakfast to dessert ! OK , that 's a bit of an exaggeration , but I have used my OXO press hard for about two and a half years now , and it is head-and-shoulders the best garlic press I have ever used . The head is heavy-duty and solid , and the grips fit my hand and make pressing a breeze . The cleaning feature works well too . I was surprised to see any negative reviews of this product . I guess if mine had broken early in its life I might be negative about it too , but as it is , if mine broke tomorrow , I 'd waste no time in buying myself another one .
 The number one quality of a good garlic press is heft ! and this tool has a great , heavy , professional feel . It pulps large cloves in a flash -LRB- skin on or skin off -RRB- . The trademark rubberized handle of the `` Good Grips '' line is also a plus . It has a great built-in cleaning feature that makes clearing the holes a snap .
 This press feels good in the hand ; it 's heavy -LRB- firm in the hand but not too heavy -RRB- and the extruded garlic is nicely minced . However , it does leave a lot of the clove behind in the press . I always peel first , so I wish to use the entire clove as recipes call for . I 've found I can reverse press the residue , push it to the side and just throw another clove in and press again and so on until my last clove . Then I release the residue and reposition it and repress and repeat . Usually all that 's left by then is mush which I can just throw in the pot.The repeated problem I 've had with this press are the handles . I purchased this at our local BB&B ; , so when the handle grip on one side unglued , making it difficult to hold onto the press while pressing , I exchanged it for a replacement . But now it 's happened again . It 's not as bad as before so I 'm limping along with it but I am no longer interested in replacing it and the glue 's obviously unbonded and it 's getting worse.I am looking at the Kuhn press ...
 I 've had my OXO Garlic press for three or four years now and it 's still like new . I use it approximately 3 or 4 times a week . As said above , this gadget is extremely easy to clean . Just scape out the residue pulp with a small knife , then run it under hot water - done ! Perhaps the secret in its longevity it that I cut each garlic clove lengthwise and place each piece cut side down before squeezing . Highly recommend this item .
 i love it . thanks so much . wonderful . thanks . thanks . thanks . thanks . keep it coming . love it for sure . thanks . thanks
 I love fresh garlic and always add 2-3 times the number of cloves called for in recipes . However , as everyone knows , it 's a pain to peel , chop/mince , etc. , and that has kept me from using it as much as I would like . I 've tried several inexpensive presses over the years -LRB- as I could n't afford anything else -RRB- -- none worked well , and they all quickly broke . Two years ago I broke down and purchased a Tupperware garlic press ... . It 's very sturdy , cleans easily , and does a great job compared to others I 've used . I was so impressed that I bought it as a gift for 2 garlic-loving friends since that time.THEN ... THEN ... THEN I bought the OXO on a whim while in a kitchen store to keep at a second home.My love affair with my Tupperware press has ended . I 've read the other reviews that warn of the durability problems with the OXO press , and I do n't care . Pressing garlic with this thing is absolutely effortless -- as is clean-up . In combination with my little `` green plastic tube garlic skin remover '' -LRB- have no idea what it 's called , but if you use a lot of garlic , you must get one -- got mine at Williams Sonoma -RRB- , I actually find pressing fresh garlic fun -LRB- yes , my life is a bit dull -RRB- , and contributed three garlic-filled dishes to our family Easter dinner this year.I fugure I can buy a new one every year for the next 4 years for what I spent on the Tupperware press ; it 's that easy to use -- really -- you wo n't mind replacing it -LRB- hey , do n't buy coffee on the way to work for a few days , and it 's paid for -RRB- .
 My OXO garlic press is a bit different than the one pictured here ... it does n't have the cleaning head , but does have a removable basket , which makes it very easy to clean . No garlic press is going to get all of the clove pushed out of the little holes , but this one comes pretty close -LRB- I just toss what 's left in the basket in with the rest -RRB- . It 's the best press I 've used , and I 'm guessing I got a revised model based on the comments
 I 've never experienced this breakage business , and I had my last OXO garlic press until I lost it in an interstate move . And believe me , I LOVE garlic and used it up to five times per week ! This is the best garlic press available . Well worth the extra expense !
 Even knowing it will probably break , it is still the best press available . I am here because I need another , ours broke too , but it gave 2 years of heavy use and excellent service until it died . It is easy to use and does a thorough job , unlike the ones with the little `` foot '' that allow all the garlic to squeeze up the sides inside of through the holes . I will contact the company to let them know they have a major problem with the hinge . I will still get another OXO , now knowing that the breaking was not a fluke , but , oh well !
 Every Garlic Press should be this good . The handles are real easy on your hands as they are wider than most . The self cleaning part works good , too . A blast of hot water when you 're done will get what the `` fingers '' do n't . I peel my garlic the easy way ; cut off the root end , crush under the flat side of a wide knife -LRB- carefully ! -RRB- , hold the pointed end of the clove and pull off the shell . The clove will be a little out of shape , but you 're going to finish the job with the press anyway , right?Bon Appetite !
 I 've owned this for a few years . I quickly learned to move the handles down a bit before I put in the dishwasher . Give it a good shake and let dry and it 's ready for the next use . I use it at least once or twice a week for the last few years . This by far is the best garlic press that I 've ever owned . I love the fact that you can clean it by inverting the handle and that it can go in the dishwasher . I 've had other garlic presses and this is the best that I 've used thus far . It is easy to use with arthritic hands .
 I used to have a standard garlic press . It was hard to actually press and impossible to clean . The OXO one is heavy so it 's easier to press the garlic , and the red bumps make cleaning so easy ! No more poking at it with a toothpick for an hour.I trust OXO 's stuff to last and I love this garlic press .
 I think this is easy to use and is a nice tool to have in the kitchen .
 I use a lot of garlic in my cooking , but I really hate dicing up garlic . This thing does it for me in matter of seconds . I just press it over the pan where I want the garlic to go and there it is - flavoring my food like a pro.It has good weight in that it feels substantial in the hand - like it 's not going to break if I squeeze too tight - and it 's easy enough to clean , which is a must since I do n't have a dishwasher .
 Easy to clean . Gets the job done . Nice that I can flip it and get the garlic out , although I almost always have to use chopsticks to get the garlic out of the press completely . The plastic grip handles seem to be a bit loose on mine and can slip off easily , but does n't really affect usage .
 I love it . It works so much better than my old garlic press and it 's so much easier to clean . I intend to keep this for years .
 After a back surgery it was painful for me to squeeze hard with my hands , and I found OXO Good Grips Garlic Press is the one I could use without being in pain . This is a lever-style garlic press and it lets you mince cloves with minimal pressure . In addition it has an ergonomic grip that is very comfortable in my hand.To prolong its life I do n't wash it in the dishwasher , I wash it by hand using the build-on rubber cleaner . The press flips backwards and the red plastic head aligns with the press to clean it.To make it easier for me to press -LRB- and it is probably easier on the garlic press itself too -RRB- I peel garlic cloves before pressing them.I have read a number of reviews that report that the press breaks at the hinge , but I have been using mine for over a year and it has been fine so far . I also read in one of the comments that OXO replaced the broken press even past the warranty period , so if the press break I will follow that advice and contact the company.If you have weak hands or a medical condition that makes it difficult to squeeze the handles this is a particularly good garlic press to have , it really helped me enjoy cooking with garlic even post surgery.Ali Julia review
 I used the OXO Good Grips Garlic Press for last 3 months and I liked it . I crushed garlic , ginger , small onion pieces and it worked pretty well.It has a solid grip that works very well even when you need to press it very hard and I have n't slipped it once . The stainless steel body is of good quality and the hinges are well built . I used it reasonably everyday and did n't find any durability problem as of now . I also like the way one can flip the handle and use the plastic head to clean the pores . On the negative side , I wish there was a better way to clean the pores automatically after every press and I wish the head was bigger.The tool works fine till now and I am happy with it.I recently used another garlic press , the one from ikea , its equally good , only problem it found was that cleaning OXO is easier , other than that i found both equally good , and the ikea one being just 4 $ is a cheaper option
 These two garlic presses seem to be the most popular on Amazon right now , and since I 've used both , here 's my two cents.OXO
 I 've had this garlic press for five years now . This one is by far the very best one I 've owned . Pressing the garlic thru the holes is very easy . The very best feature is the red self cleaning side . After you 've pressed your garlic , just flip the handle around and push the red `` cleaners '' thru the holes and you 've just gotten the garlic out of the holes.I like this press so much that I 've given lots of them as gifts.As others have written , it does get water under the rubber handles . . the way I handle this is to just pull the rubber off the handles , maybe 1/4 inch . No problems .
 This press is far superior to the average garlic press . The press and the screen are flush , so you get maximum squeezability . Good value for the price and easy to clean .
 Over the years , Oxo `` Good Grip '' products have come to make up most of the `` cook 's tools in my kitchen . The old plastic measuring cups and spoons and the cheap potato peeler were some of the first tools needing to be replaced . Noting Oxo 's overall great ratings , I opted to pop the extra buck or two and have never looked back.My new OXO Good Grips Garlic Press arrived in the mail this morning , just in time to help with my bi-weekly batch of red sauce.The first difference I noted in comparison to my old press is that the Oxo press looks and feels like professional grade.With my old press , sometimes my hand would cramp up before I was finished . Not so with Oxo 's press . It has a hefty feel and works without fatiguing the hand.The other big plus was cleaning it afterward . It very simply reverses , flipping backward and pretty much cleaning itself . One quick rinse and back to the drawer.Other reviews mention that it does not work well with unpeeled cloves . I can not comment because my mama taught me long ago that it 's better to peel cloves before pressing . If not , you have to stop after every other pressing to pick out skins which just wastes time and is plain aggravating.Besides recommending this press highly , I also recommend figuring out a way to take advantage of Amazon 's 4 for 3 promo when you order to get it at an even better price : -RRB-
 I do n't review many priducts but I had to come to the defense of my favorite garlic press!Maybe I 'm just unaware of all the stellar garlic presses available nowadays , -LRB- this is the only kind I 've ever owned -RRB- but I find absolutely nothing to compain about here.We bought one of these witha agift certificate we received for our wedding - 16 years ago . No , we do n't have that same one - it broke , but I blame my misuse more than any flaw in quality or design . If you put more than a big clove or two in together it does strain and if the rubber handle cover has slipped down it can put too much pressure on the actual handle . That 's exactly how ours broke and I recognized my error ... we 've never had a problem with the replacement.Yes , part of the outside layer of the garlic is left in the device but I figure if it 's not tender enough to be pushed through I do n't want it in my dish anyway.I also REALLY like the ease of cleaning it . As soon as I 'm finished with it I use the cleaning part and run it under some hot water at the sink and it honestly looks like new even though we 've had it for over 10 years now.I give these often as wedding/shower/going to college gifts with a couple other gadgets I have found to be indespensible in my kitchen .
 I used this press for more than 9 years approx 2-5 times per a month without problems . Just recently the hinge has become misaligned so I feel I can not squeeze it shut all the way and it is not aligned when I invert it to clean out the holes . I do feel I got my moneys worth .
 I 've had one of these presses from a few years and it recently failed . I sent an email to OXO and they promptly sent me a new one , no questions asked . Back in business and with service like that why would you buy anything else ?
 A friend of mine purchased this for me four years ago when I was just starting to really get into cooking . She had no idea if it was good or not , but it felt weighty and looked pretty . Thankfully for me , it also worked very well.I 've been using mine since December of 2002 , and I 've never had the problem that many other reviewers have mentioned with the hinge . Mine is still going strong and works just the same as it did when I bought it . I specialize in Italian cooking and do n't make mashed potatoes if they do n't have garlic in them , so this gets quite a bit of use from me.It can be a little difficult to clean , and there 's always a bit of garlic that 's wasted . You definitely could n't use an unpeeled clove in this one . Flipping the press around helps to get those hard-to-remove bits off the inside , and swirling it around in a bowl of hot water tends to get the rest of it clean for me . It 's very easy to use and feels good in your hands , true to the rest of Oxo 's Good grips line . It seems that I got one of the good ones , but I 'd recommend mine to anyone else and keep my fingers crossed that they were as lucky as I have been .
 I had one of these for 5 years and it finally broke . Ca n't say I was surprised - we cook a lot and a garlic press gets a lot of mileage in our house . Picked up another brand and was I sorry ! The OXO is just SO much easier to use . I have small hands and just do n't seem to have enough hand strength to prep large cloves of garlic unless I use the OXO . It does take on water in the dishwasher until I started placing it on its side in the top rack . Problem solved ! I 'm here to buy another .
 I have read the other reviews , and agree with both the positive and negatives comments !! LOVE the ease to use and the cleaning ! Those red teeth work wonders ! As for the collecting water in the dw , I found that it was the red section that collectd the water , NOT the handles !! I just removed it after dw and let it drain !! Mine DID break , but only after we used it to crush pills for our sick dog !! I 'm going to buy another one !!
 What a great garlic press . The ease of handling and pressing two cloves of unpeeled garlic at one time was so nice . It is especially easy to clean . This is a product that I would highly recommend .
 The Oxo easily crushes garlic in the skin , and the hole cleaner pushed out the remains , making it very easy to clean . I had been extremely happy with the Kuhn Rikon Epicurean Garlic Press , which is more than twice the price . After using both , I would save the money and just buy the Oxo . The main complaint of others is that it breaks . Mine is still intact , so I ca n't reduce the score for durability . Overall , the Oxo is a great product .
 GARLIC MAD . GARLIC SMASH.I was cooking for my friends , and going through about 3 heads of garlic . Since I wanted speed , I did peel the garlic first . Then , I pushed it through the Oxo garlic press . PERFECTLY pressed garlic in seconds , with very little effort on my palms , AND it did n't fly all over the counter . I had a very bad taste in my mouth from the awful Oxo V stand grater , which was a piece of garbage , and broke very quickly . I did n't think I was ready to love again.I think I 'm ready now.I got a text from the husband just yesterday , `` This one is so much easier to clean than your old one . '' I was easily able to fit three small cloves of garlic , or one very large one in the chute . Also , I have found that if you take the stuff that was left behind in the feed chute , and fold it over , and re-press it , you get even more garlic out of it.For the heft of it on my hand , the power of the lever , and the size of the garlic feed chute , I would give this little press every star I can find .
 I think this is an excellent garlic press for the price . I ca n't speak on how long it lasts though . This is one of those products that I was n't sure if I would actually ever use , but now that I have it , I would n't do without ! I used to always just peel the cloves , smash it with the side of my chef 's knife , and then mince away . This is a very good method for preparing garlic , but can be time consuming when trying to mince a lot of cloves . This garlic press very easily cuts my prep time by a LOT - I just peel the clove , press , press , press - done . I 'll run the knife through the pressed cloves real quick to make sure I have a pretty consistent paste , but that 's it . It 's very easy to clean too , as you just flip it over and the built in cleaner pops out any garlic out of the holes to help clean it quickly . It seems to be built well , looks good , ergonomic , and very easy to use . Pressed garlic will have a stronger taste than chopped garlic , so be prepared to adjust your recipe as needed.All in all , I think this is an excellent product and I hope it lasts . I do n't see any reason it should n't , but there are enough reviews on here about that very issue . I will update my review if my press breaks .
 OXO GOOD GRIPS GARLIC PRESS WORKS REALLY WELL ! ESPESCIALLY ON BIG CLOVES . THE SELF CLEANING FEATURE IS REALLY NICE . IT APPEARS TO BE VERY WELL MADE OF METAL . THE STRENGHT IN MY HAND IS WEAKER AS I AGE BUT I COULD PRESS THE GARLIC WITH NO PROBLEMS AT ALL.THE NONSLIP CUSHIONED HANDLES ARE REALLY NICE ! I WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GARLIC PRESS .
 I am reviewing this for Amazon who sent this to me give my honest opinions . This is a fine garlic press , but I am a little disappointed , it is very heavy in the hand and it is a bit bulky . OXO usually tries to make products so the people with hand problems can handle them . I own several of th eir products and use then daily and love them . I have Arthritis and I hurt my hand on the first grip , I used fresh garlic and squeezed hard and my thumb is hurting.So it failed me there . If you have strong hands -LRB- and I normally do -RRB- this will work fine for you . When I got the hang of it I was doing fine I just used smaller garlic cloves . The cleaner worked well also you just turn the handle around and press it against the back of the product and it loosens up the garlic skin . All you have to do is take your finger and slip the skin out of the well . When I washed it , it cleaned perfectly , no residue was left over and it was sparkling in no time . No leftover odor.Now I want to make a personal observation
 The OXO Good Grips Garlic Press is the best garlic press I have used . It has a wide opening to put even the biggest clove of garlic in it , or 2 or 3 smaller ones in it . It gets all of the garlic out leaving only the skin . It is easy to use and makes fast work in pressing garlic . One side of it is a cleaning tool to clean it which works great ! I certainly reccommend the OXO Garlic Press as I have quite a few OXO products that I have been very happy with . Happy I 'm replacing a very old garlic press that is way smaller than the OXO Good Grips .
 Having a tool of any kind that works well is fantastic but to have one that works well time after time and does not fail is awesome . This garlic press replaces another OXO of similar design but this one is better designed . The handles on this one fit my hands better and operate easier due to the soze of the grips . I simply take a garlic clove and insert it in the pocket , squeeze into a container and there it is
 I like this garlic press 's heft , the curve and `` good grip '' of its handle , and its cleaning feature . It requires some force to press the garlic -- more than I expected , but it is n't difficult for able-handed people -- and the garlic shoots out of it more forcefully than I expected.I have had theOXO SteeL Garlic Press , Stainlessfor several years , and like this product better . This product produces a finer mince , its handles are more ergonomic and do n't slip out of place , and it does n't send as much garlic out the sides .
 This is the best garlic press I have ever owned . I bought my first one about two years ago and it 's still going strong - never had a handle come off or metal crack . Every pod of garlic comes out as well as the first because of the rubber knobs on the back side . You do n't have to try to pick garlic remains out with a knife before squeezing another pod . I purchased a new XOX garlic press about a week ago for use in my motor home.I 've seen those little green sleeves to remove the garlic skin in speciality stores . I 'm glad I read the reviews , I will purchase that product next .
 I love my OXO garlic press , so much so , that we gave them out to everyone as xmas gifts one year . We have been using this same one for 5 + years . I like how it 's easy to clean out the left over mushed garlic by flipping the red part inside of the other half . The holes are easily cleaned out by the bumps on the red side.I believe the instructions state NOT to put this into the dishwasher . I never have , and I do n't have problems with water getting inside the handles . I usually rinse it off with a little soap right after using , and lay on my dish drainer to dry . Ta-dah ! Ready for next time.Sometimes I try to put too big of a clove in there , and it may take two hands to mush it , but I 've found that with any other type of hand-held press .
 I have had this garlic press for about 7 years now , and I have absolutely no complaints . It is easy to clean -LRB- I do it by hand usually but also put it in the dishwasher -RRB- , easy to use , durable and has a comfortable grip . I read over some of the other reviews and I can honestly say that I have not had any of the problems others have had . I would highly recommend this press to anyone .
 This garlic press makes short work of as many cloves as you want . You do n't even have to remove the skin if you 're really rushing . It also seems to be very sturdy .
 The chamber on this one is large so it does hold large cloves . The grip is bigger than other brands I 've used but it 's not padded . It hurts my hand when I squeeze it , and since I have a traumatic hand injury , I was hoping that this press would feel less brutal . I still have to use both hands . It does clean up easily , and it is so sturdy that it will probably last many years .
 Well , the OXO Good Grips Garlic Press is a bit of overkill . It definitely crushes the garlic quite well , though there is a fair bit of residual left in the press . The cleaning element works better than expected but one still has to scrape out the last bits when cleaning.The thing is very big , very heavy -- the handles makes up most of the size and weight . Seems unnecessary and a bit of a pain to use . Plus it takes up a lot of drawer space.I probably would n't buy it if I saw it in a store because of its clunkiness -- something I often find in OXO products products even though I have many of their items I like very much.My partner says he 's gone through two of them because they broke rather quickly . I suspect however , they must have been earlier models . I find it hard to believe that this would break easily . I think when he checked it out , he did n't think so either.But I will still look for a new garlic press , at least as functional as this and less cumbersome . But this one is good enough for me to use in the interim .
 I 've been through a few garlic presses , and two things that have aggravated me in the past is that they eventually break , and that the garlic skin is a pain to get out of the press once you are finished pressing the bulbs . You end up with `` stinky garlic finger '' the rest of the day trying to pull it out!Pros
 I had purchased a zyliss garlic press years ago on the recommendation of Cook 's Illustrated , and while it was great at pressing garlic , the finish was starting to wear off and it was a pain to clean . It would get left in the sink , as the garlic bits slowly got crusty and hard to remove because it was just such a pain to clean out . This one is SO EASY to clean , no one in my house leaves it dirty after using it now . You simply press all the garlic you want , then flip the handle around so the red pokey bits go through the holes and rinse the garlic bits off over running water . So easy ! I 'm very happy with this product .
 Mostly I chop garlic , I 've had a press for a long time that I got right here on good ole Amazon , but it was n't THIS press ! This press will hold a lot of garlic - hurray ! It does a quick and easy job of squishing it through the holes and doing what you want done , turning a big bunch of garlic into tiny tiny pieces . It 's easy to clean , too . The one caveat is it 's BIG , including the handles ... so if you have small hands -LRB- or stumpy ones like me -RRB- you might have a small -LRB- pun intended -RRB- problem squishing the handles with one hand , definitely not a reason not to get this wunderkind of garlic smooshing technology , though . Highly recommend it ! : -RRB-
 I love Oxo products and this is no exception . It 's a nice garlic press.Pros :1 . Presses well2 . Very comfortable in your hand3 . Helpful cleaning thingyCons :1 . Nothing yet . I 'm pleased with this.I often do n't use a garlic press at all , favoring the Laurel 's Kitchen approach of saut&eacute;ing the whole cloves of garlic and then mushing them with a fork when done . But of course , you do n't always want to saute your garlic . And this is great for pressing .
 After a couple of weeks use I am pretty happy with this garlic press . The handles are quite large with soft grips so it seems to take less force to use than my other , older press . It does a really good job with the garlic , producing a nice fine mince or puree . It 's big enough to do two or three cloves at a time , though if you overfill it some of the garlic comes out of the sides . The red plastic hole cleaner is built into the opposite handle so it is always with the press and does n't get lost in my kitchen drawer.My wife tells me that she finds it easier to clean than our older press and she especially likes that the cleaner is built into the handle . With my large hands , I actually found it a little harder to clean . When you press garlic , a layer of fibrous residue is left behind . The fact that the chamber where the garlic is pressed is triangular in shape means that sometimes some of the garlic residue gets caught down in the point where it 's hard for me to reach.I am a fan of `` Ten Dollar Dinners '' on the Food Network , and I notice that this is the garlic press Melissa D'Arabian uses on that show .
 This is the best garlic press I have ever owned . I bought my first one about two years ago and it 's still going strong - never had a handle come off or metal crack . Every pod of garlic comes out as well as the first because of the rubber knobs on the back side . You do n't have to try to pick garlic remains out with a knife before squeezing another pod . I purchased a new XOX garlic press about a week ago for use in my motor home.I 've seen those little green sleeves to remove the garlic skin in speciality stores . I 'm glad I read the reviews , I will purchase that product next .
 An absolutely brilliant garlic-press . Wide-handled for ease and , dare I say it , power . It feels like you can crush steel in the press . The flip side of the press is affixed with a plastic push -LRB- the red part visible in the photo -RRB- which makes removing the remnants of the garlic clove very easy . The only downside , as one other reviewed aptly pointed out , is that the hinge tends to break after time . Truthfully , I 've only broken one and that was after I tried to press three large cloves at once . So , after having said that , perhaps you should take my `` tends to break '' comment with a grain of salt -LRB- or garlic as the case may be -RRB- . In short , a very good and affordable press which you will enjoy for a long time . I 've bought many for friends and family I love it so much.Lastly , to the reviewer from NY below who is amazed that the handles -LRB- which CAN be pulled off by the way -RRB- absorb water in the dishwasher ... here 's an idea
 I 've actually owned this garlic press for almost 4 years and used it a couple of times per month . Always washed it in the dish washer . The red hole cleaner cracked loose within the first or second year , but the press functioned properly until recently . Lately it has become misaligned and it no longer does the job.Overall , it was a great Garlic press , but I too agree that it should have lasted longer than it did .
 Before this garlic press , I had a very old-school press that was a complete hassle to clean and use . Then I was fortunate enough to stumble across OXO 's Good Grips answer . For those fans of the Good Grips line , you will again be amazed at the sturdy construction and obvious attention paid to useability . Little rubber nubs make cleaning the press a breeze , and it is dishwasher-safe . If only everything could be Good Grips !
 This Garlic Press looks a little clumsy when you first look upon it , but rest assured it does its job and then some.I have tried many garlic presses which have made me hate the word `` garlic '' . You either had have the strength of Superman to press it , or it did a terrible job in actually pressing the garlic , or , it took forever to get it cleaned.But then I bought this press , and I was truly amazed . Pressing garlic was a cinch . Garlic came out of the other side more than minced , and cleaning up was a charm . Nothing sticks to this press.I do not understand the earlier reviews of how this press `` breaks '' . This is one of the most durable kitchen tools I have . I can not imagine how those broke , unless they were a different brand.Take it from me -LRB- a person who loves to cook -RRB- . This is a great kitchen utensil , you would be better off WITH .
 As someone who frequently cooks Mediterranean menus heavy on fresh garlic , the Oxo garlic press is a chef 's best friend . Rubber-coated handles make gripping and squeezing more user friendly than all-metal garlic presses , and cleanup is a snap . Like most garlic presses , you can choose to pre-peel the garlic before pressing it , but you 'll still need to clean the press in-between uses . It comes with a built-in cleaner , and usually a quick run under the tap will remove most debris . The garlic comes out as more of a paste than it would if you were to chop it , and is a much faster way to add flavor to soups , salads , and more with minimal effort.I 've owned my Oxo press for years and have n't had any of the problems that other reviewers mentioned -LRB- handles falling off , hinge breaking -RRB- . I do usually hand-wash , and I do n't prepeel my garlic , and the press is still going strong 2 + years later . Perhaps my press was subject to different quality control standards
 I 've been pretty happy with this press . It 's feels well made and is comfortable to use.I wash it by hand so I 've never had the water in the handles problem that others have mentioned.After several years it cracked at the hinge , but Oxo replaced it at no charge ! The new one has been redesigned in that spot , so I do n't think it will break again .
 This is a very sturdy , heavy-duty garlic press . The rubber grips keep it from slipping out of your hand and spraying garlic all over the kitchen . The design of the press also means that not a lot of hand strength is required . I absolutely love it .
 I must say I 'm surprised by all the bad reviews this press has gotten . I got one as a gift about 5 years ago , and always found it incredibly easy to use . The garlic remnants come out very easily with the two way hinge that allows you to push out the skin . I have always put it in the dishwasher -LRB- layed flat on the top rack -RRB- without any problems of water being absorbed by the handles . When my press finally broke a few months ago -LRB- the metal mesh part cracked along the edges -RRB- , I bought a different kind of press without the good grip handles and without the two way hinge , and I HATE IT . I am longing for my OXO garlic press , and I do n't think I 'll ever buy a different press again .
 Unlike more cheaply-made versions , this garlic press feels firm and weighty in your hands , and it does an excellent job of producing finely minced garlic . The red rubber fingers ensure that the piece cleans easily and thoroughly . I did experience a problem with the garlic press , however
 I 've been very happy with my OXO Garlic Press over the 5 or so years I 've used it . The problem is that over time , the metal hinge wears out and eventually breaks , leaving the press useless . I 've had this happen with two different OXO garlic presses , so I know it was n't just a bad batch . I did use it fairly often , so maybe that just comes with the territory . For the third try , I 'm going to try the Zyliss Susi press instead .
 There are 3 main reasons people cut themselves with knives
 This is an absolutely fabulous knife for the price , and is the perfect gift for the person who is setting up their first kitchen . I was surprised the edge was so finely honed . This knife will prove to be a wonder for those who are not used to such a fine edge .
 This is absolutely my favorite knife . -LRB- including a few by Wustoff Trident -RRB- I 'm not much of a cook , but WHEN I cook , I want it to be painless and hassel free . I picked up one of these at TJ Maxx here in the Chicago area about 2 years ago for $ 10.00 , and now I would n't be without it . It replaced a much more expensive chef 's knife by Chicago Cutlery that I found to be a useless piece of junk -LRB- gave it to my brother - now the thing is his problem ! -RRB- . This one has a much nicer balance to it , sharpens beautifully , and as with all the Good Grips products , love that no-slip handle ! I 'm not a gourmet or a professionally trained chef , but for the average household kitchen , I think this knife would be a great addition . Great for kids in the kitchen learning to cook too . Smaller hands seem to find this knife much easier to use than most.PS - my other two top Oxo picks
 I have worked in professional kitchens where I cut fruits all day . Most knives get slippery , but this one did not ! It is light weight and easy to use . I have sharpend on a steel without a problem !
 I admit , I 'm a bit of a kitchen knife fanatic . Although I had many fine European and Japanese knives far more costlier than the Oxo Good Grips , I always liked my Good Grips 8 '' Chef 's knives -LRB- owned 2 -RRB- . But I only really started using it after it was properly sharpened -LRB- on my Chef 's Choice 120 sharpener -RRB- , because it is n't very sharp out of the box . I used it instead of my better chef 's knives , because it can take abuse and you do n't worry about damaging the blade!They made great choices in the compromises needed for a knife at this price . The blade -LRB- of stamped stainless steel -RRB- is a little on the thin side , but despite not being high carbon , it can be sharpened to a pretty sharp degree , and will keep its edge reasonably well . It is also terribly easy to sharpen , because the handle is well away from the blade and there is no bolster to get in the way . I also like the fact that it has a great geometry to the blade , making for good rocking action when chopping , and the blade is wider than many expensive chef 's knives , making for easy work of crushing garlic . The handle -LRB- made of rubber coated plastic -RRB- is perhaps its greatest asset , offering a nice , firm comfortable grip even when wet . Its drawbacks is not very good balance -LRB- because of a light blade -RRB- , and because it is a lightweight knife , it will require a little more effort than a -LRB- more expensive -RRB- heavier knife , when a `` crushing action '' is necessary.Because of the relative thinness of the stamped blade , it 's possible that it may be a little ` dished ' . So check the spine of the knife you buy to be sure it is n't warped . I 've recently discovered the Oxo Good Grips MV-55 Pro line , and the chef 's knife in that line is actually about a thousand times better than this one , so its currently my favorite kitchen knife . But nevertheless , the basic Good Grips knife is easily one of the best -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- knives you can buy , and heartily recommended for most experts and novices alike in the home kitchen .
 I must say , for the very reasonable price of this knife , she 's a beaut . GREAT handle ... solid and comfortable to chop on and on . Nice rocking action . Nothing to dance in the streets about , but certainly a nice knife for a VERY nice price !
 Very good for the price ... the handle is sooooo comfy and never slips . It could be a little sharper , but for the price you ca n't complain . Great for sometimes-cooks like me .
 This knife works great and does n't cost much . What more can you ask for ? The handle even has a great little thumb groove so you do n't hurt your hand pressing down on the metal . Buy one now !
 About 13 months ago I purchased this knife and now I 'm buying another one - not a replacement , but an addition.What 's not to like ? It 's got a nice grip , the standarized shape and size , takes and holds an edge very well and the price is about as low as possible.Regarding the edge , I have sharpened mine about 4 times in the last year - using ceramic rods , and we use it on a daily basis - it lives in the dishwasher . Whether we 're cutting tomatos , onions , or raw meat , we always appreciate the razor-sharp edge . So when I say it holds an edge , you know I mean with regular use . Also , sharpening it has never taken more than a minute or two.And did I mention the price ? Oh yeah , I did , well 2 thumbs up on this one ! : -RRB-
 THis is a great knife that arrives quite dull . After correct sharpening , however , it became one of my favorites . It is easy to hold and the balance is good ... a great buy overall , but it does dull easily . If you hate the rusting and/or discoloration of expensive high carbon steel knives , this is the knife for you . I find myself using it even when I could use a smaller knife . Use a stone to keep the edge on it after every use .
 Woohoo ! I cut something with this knife ! It 's awesome ! It 's changed my life!Ok , seriously , it 's a knife . It cuts things . It has a * nice * handle , does n't get slippery when it gets wet ... just for that it 's worth $ $ . Best chef 's knife I 've ever used ? Sure , it 's clearly superior to my Leatherman Wave -LRB- and my Topeak Alien , for that matter -RRB- for cutting fruits and bread , not to mention it totally blows away my previous # 1 choice -LRB- X-Acto saw -RRB- . -LRB- Ever try to cut a cake with an X-Acto saw ? I did . Bad . Now try it with this one . Good ! -RRB- For a first kitchen it 's a great choice ... and it may just be the last chef 's knife you ever need to buy . It does n't cost $ $ but that 's a good thing ... I 'd be pretty miserable knowing I spent $ $ on a kitchen knife when I could 've spent a lot less for a good sturdy knife like this one .
 It sounds like a clich&eacute; , but the first time I used this scoop , `` like a hot knife through butter '' was exactly the phrase that came to mind . Try it once on some hard ice cream and you will never go back to your old scoop .
 The OXO Good Grips Nonstick Beak Ice Cream Scoop -LRB- and its companion Ice Cream Spade -RRB- are so easy to use , even with the hardest bricks , quarts , or pints of ice cream , frozen yogurt , or sorbet . I have tried every kind of scoop available , including expensive commercial ones , and this scoop works the fastest . Buy this scoop and you wo n't have to hold a scoop under hot running water or microwave your frozen desserts anymore ! Also , the OXO scoop makes a wonderful gift to friends who suffer with arthritis because they do n't have to apply a lot of torque to scoop out frozen confections , and it feels comfortable in their hands.Highly recommended buy !
 I was excited to try out my new ice cream scooper when it arrived that I went out to buy 21/2 gallons of ice cream . I slided in smoothly . I enjoyed using it soo much that I have ice cream everyday !
 I received this as a present a few years ago and absolutely love it . I honestly wondered why an ice-cream scoop needed non-stick coating , but it really does help ! It does cut through hard ice cream with no problem and it 's really easy to make official-looking scoops like you see the pros do it ! I especially liked the `` beak '' part of it . I tried to use a regular scoop at a friend 's house and had a hard time of it ! Sounds silly , but once you get used to that pointy beak -LRB- I use it to push ice cream down into the cone itself -RRB- it 's almost impossible to use the wide-bowl of a normal scoop ! The only reason I could n't give this 5 stars was because I had to toss it due to the non-stick coating coming off eventually . I 'm positive it had to do with being run through the dishwasher , even though it said it was dishwasher-safe . But , even with that fault , I would buy it again !
 Bought this to replace an aluminum scoop which could n't be washed in the dishwasher -LRB- aluminum seems to tarnish from the detergent -RRB- . Really like the handle and it comes out of the dishwasher looking like new .
 Scooping hard-frozen ice cream with the old ice cream scoops -LRB- or a spoon -RRB- always used to be a messy operation . One of these makes rolling ice cream scoops easy and lets you look like a Baskin-Robbins pro . Great way to serve up cones for everyone !
 I bought this as a gift for my brother and got the chance to use it the other day with lobsters . It worked fine , felt sturdy , not flimsy . I would recommend it to others .
 It 's easy to use and practical . It also serves multiple purposes and helps save space in an urban area . It 's perfect for an urban crab feast .
 I ordered this as a gift for my husband who frequently makes us crab legs at home , they are very nice quality and have held up well to multiple uses and passes through the dishwasher , definitely recommend .
 They are easy on the hands and efficient . Easy to clean and work with Stone crabs and Alaska king crab very well
 I bought for my husband . He loves crab legs but we could never find a fork for him to eat them at home . Before , he would struggle with his hands and the regular sized forks . Now , he has no problems with the crab legs and he is very happy with the quality of the product . Having the spoon side is a plus .
 Like most Oxo products , this seafood set is of excellent quality.It also turns out to be very handy when you need to deal with claws
 The perfect set . The handles provide great grip and comfort . The spoon/forks work well but not as well as expected . Overall a great buy I would recommend .
 great product . the packaging for the `` cracker '' was difficult to undo . had to use heavy knife to cut the bands holding it in place in the package . Once out , however , they worked great on some Louisiana Blue crabs .
 The claw part is strong and heavy duty but handle is a bit short . Those spoon/pick is just right and does the job . Even my 3 yo can use the picks to get to the crab meat . I 'd recommend this product .
 We have two and have given 2-3 as gifts . Everyone loves them . They are solid and sturdy . Just the right weight . So far , no rusting or chipping . They feel good and are easy to use.The crackers work much better than the ones we 've had for 30 years -LRB- and which probably cost 99 cents at the time -RRB- . There is no wobble in the hinge and the large middle cracking area is perfect for just cracking crab and lobster legs without crushing them.The picks are well made . The forked design works much better than the curved single-tine picks and the spoon scoop end easily finishes the job.This set is expensive . Many sets are available for half or less . That 's the reason for only 4 stars . I have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets , so maybe these are really worth the extra . I 'm glad we have them .
 I bought these for a crab feed that has n't happened yet . But so far they seem alot easier to hold and handle than my old ones .
 First class merchandise . Very well made . A smart contemporary design , with Oxo Good grips . It is a pleasure , not having to fight with crab-claws , or lobster tails , to get to the meat of the subject .
 My husband and I love eating crabs at home but are really lazy about getting out all the meat from the crabs . With tools like these , we do n't have to work so hard to break the crab shell/legs and get to yummy bits . Plus , I do n't waste as much of the crab meat now whereas in the past , I would have just given up and not eat all of the meat because I could n't get to it .
 They work fine but I have an old very lightweight handheld nutcracker and the weight on this one surprised me . It is sturdy though and will most likely last a long time .
 I have n't used them yet but sure hope they are better than having to use a pliers and pick to get the meat out of shell fish .
 When I was putting my bridal registry together , I had asked for this seafood set . I am an OXO fanatic . I just love their products . That said , I was still overwhelmed by how much I would come to love this seafood set ! It works better than I even imagined ! You can get out every last piece of crabmeat , even in the skinniest of crab legs ! It must be the pointed edge and hollowed design , that really allows you to delve down deep , grab on , and come back up with the prized seafood in tow . The cracker is also so well designed , that it can crack through the hardest of shells with ease while the handle stays comfortable in your hand . This product is OXO doing what it does best . I highly recommend this set .
 the quality of this set is very good . they are useful when you eat crabs.at first i thought maybe it was hard to clean them , but i was wrong . they are easy to use and easy to clean.sometimes i also use the clip to crash the nuts . it works great .
 These are pretty handy tools for getting every last bit of crab out of tight places . The cushy handles are comfortable and easy to use . Each side has a different sized scooper to use with a variety of differently sized shellfish . Highly recommended .
 This is a very nice seafood set . The OXO brand is always something you can rely on . The only complaint I have about this set is that the cracker is a little bit on the heavy and clunky side .
 These are fairly handy because of the elongated scoop on one end . The other end does n't see much action . I use a small seafood fork instead . The cracker is nice . It 's very sturdy and well made .
 A very nice set - the only complaint I would have would be not so much a complaint but an observation that the cracker is seemingly designed for larger shells . It is not as effective for smaller pieces unless you place them and attempt to hold them in place right in the middle of the unit where the two pads come together and actually make contact . It is very heavy duty and comfortable though and does just fine . The only modification I 'd recommend to OXO would be to design the cracker to come closer together at the hinged end . I 'd still get it again though if anything happened to it .
 I cook a lot of Alaskan King Crab Legs so was looking for something to give my hands a break . First of all , these look great , sleek silver with black rubber grips . The crackers feel solid in the hand and are easy to grip . They worked well in breaking up different sized crab legs . The little scoopers make it convenient to get the meat out of the hard to reach areas.I would have to concur with an earlier reviewer that the package is a big pain to open . I literally had to use a big cutting knife to get everything out . Once you get past that though , nothing but quality .
 Nice set of seafood crackers overall . The little fork/spoon things have a pretty large spoon side that does n't fit well into crab legs , and the fork side is n't great for ripping the shell open either -LRB- I use a regular fork in conjunction -RRB- .
 I bought for a shower gift for a bride whom lives down south . Tons of crab cracken down there . She loved the gift .
 I 've had them all ! Wood , Plastic and Aluminum and I prefer the Aluminum type.Even though the wood works a little bit better , it 's harder to clean and after a while it starts to look gunky and unhealthy . Hard to wash the wood after it 's been used a while and the wood is no longer smooth . No matter how hard you wash , it still feels slimy and that 's what bothers me.You may have to work a bit harder with the plastic or aluminum but when you wash them , they 're clean and they feel clean .
 I bought this and a garlic mincer as a wedding gift because they are two of my favorite kitchen tools . Works great . Good quality . Hope the bride likes hers as much as I like mine .
 I was looking for a lemon reamer and was originally thinking about a wooden one , however after seeing this I decided to give it a try . When it arrived , I was surprised at how heavy duty this was . It really is built well and I expect it to last a lifetime . I 'm sure I 'll misplace it before it actually breaks . It 's not light in weight by any means . I would highly recommend this this if you are looking for a heavy duty reamer . This is it for sure !
 Everything in their advertisement is true . Good balance , easy on the hand , non-slip grip , easy clean-up ... . ca n't be beat . non-stain , so far ...
 This is a great item when I want to juice one or two fruits , preferably small citrus such as lemons or limes . It 's heavy and quite hefty , and the grip is not squishy , it actually feels very solid and does n't yield to pressure much but it 's not uncomfortable . It washes really well and I prefer it to the wooden reamer , those tend to get gross if left wet or in the sink and wood should never be exposed to too much liquid unless it 's still a tree sitting in the ground.I spend the last weekend making lemonade and limeade and this was in constant rotation . I just made up a simple recipe , juice of one lemon or two limes , good shake of sugar -LRB- about 1.5 - 2 tbs -RRB- and mixed in with tiny bit of hot water to melt the sugar , then I added 5 ice cubes and filled my 12 oz glass to the rim with mineral water . Quick mix later and I had a great , refreshing sip of something healthy -LRB- minus the sugar I guess -RRB- that I got to make myself . I always have citrus fruit on hand ; I get them in dozens and fill up a bowl in my room almost as a centerpiece , mixing the colors . It 's definitely better to make some iced juice than drinking Kamikazes all night long lol.If I 'm juicing a lot of fruits or oranges , I prefer the stationary juicer ; one with a little plate attached but for quick jobs this is great , just remember to roll the citrus on the counter while pressing on it with the palm , or a quick nuke in the microwave makes it even more juicy and fabulous . - Kasia S.
 Can not complain , it 's very heavy but needs to be hand washed and dried promptly after using because I guess it could rust or stain ?? But really , I just use it in dishes calling for citrus and I have no problem washing it off because it does n't need a good scrub if it 's just cirtus on it . I think it 's a great product , better then squeezing the lemons and limes !
 This little reamer is packed in our suitcase for trips to the coast where we can get fresh citrus . It 's wonderful for extracting all the juice . The rubber handle is easy on the palm . The aluminum makes for easy cleanup . I fully recommend this product .
 While I have to agree with some of the points of other reviewers who say the wooden one is better , their comments make me wonder what they have been using this reamer for . Many of the points seem to imply that they are using it on lemons and oranges , and I have to agree that I would I prefer a wooden one for those tasks . Also , cost was n't an issue for me , as I got mine deeply discounted for a few dollars , so it was less than wooden reamers.That said , I happen to like this one for limes and small fruits . The wood ones can scrape too much peel and pulp on small fruit , but I find this reamer is perfect for juicing small fruits without overdoing it . As we tend to use limes more than lemons anyway , I 've been very happy with it on the whole.My only complaint has been keeping the aluminum polished . Do NOT run this through the dishwasher or use other harsh cleaners . Just rinse it off in very hot water and wipe it off immediately after using it . If your tap water is at all hard , be sure to dry it off immediately after washing .
 We use this knife all the time to cut fresh baked bread from our bread maker . It has a great grip to make it easy to use . It cuts the bread pretty cleanly , even when it is warm from the oven . Great purchase , at a great price
 I bought this for use as a bread knife in a small restaurant.It 's used 50 + times a day to cut french bread and small cherry tomatoes.Excellent handle , dulled rather quickly but still very sharp and functional , but considering it 's being used in a professional setting I think it 's held up * very * well.The handle is excellent but can get a little greasy , but even when it 's greasy it does n't slip , it 's has excellent grip .
 Recently got a new bread maker and after looking at my existing knives decided it was time to purchase a new bread knife that was not rusty and was able to do the job for a reasonable price . This knife does the job well and at a fair price . The knife is the right size for cutting bread slices and is easy to hold and handle . OXO good grips line of products continues to deliver products that are high quality and are comfortable to use . You ca n't go wrong with this knife .
 nice product received in a timely fashion product as described i bought this product to cut fresh bread how ever it is to short for most bread cutters its still a great product
 For a $ 10 knife , this baby works like a charm . Cuts equally well through wet dough and crusty bread , and the handle feels comfortable in my hand . I 've used it at least a few times a week for the last 6 months , and I have n't noticed any deterioration in quality .
 I know there are more expensive knives available . They even have pedigrees but for bread this works great pound cake too .
 Great for cutting a loaf of bread . This knife is very sharp . It 's bigger than what we used to but very good quality .
 Great knife ! Very sharp and cuts through the toughest crust ! I can cut very thin slices , too ! I had just removed my bread from the bread maker and flipped the bread on a towel . I cut the bread and realized I had also cut right through the towel ! Watch your fingers and the kids with this knife .
 I bought this to replace one of those old , very thin serrated knives that comes with a set . I 'll bet that one is from the 1960s - it was just too thin , too flexible and had become dull . Seems I 'm the only one in this household who likes a sharp knife that does what it 's supposed to do AND is safer.This OXO Good Grips Bread Knife is excellent because :1 -RRB- the handle feels good ; it 's thicker and certainly not slippery ,2 -RRB- the blade is wide and sturdy - it cuts a slice uniformly ! And ,3 -RRB- it 's S-H-A-R-P . It 's also good for slicing frozen English muffins . It 's also excellent for slicing open pita bread sideways - I mean that I place the pita flat on the board , turn the knife sideways and slice around the baked edges to create thin two rounds -LRB- just like slicing a layer of cake to make two layers -RRB- . Fabulous for cutting paper thin tomato slices . Nothing cuts tomatoes like a sharp serrated knife . : DFer sammiches , I like to use several super thin slices overlapping each other rather than one thick slice that shoots out the back when you take a bite .
 I really do n't care about fancy things . Just simple things that work . This bread knife fits the bill . It is easy to use , works well and was shipped fast . I have no complaints and would gladly order another in the future .
 Pretty sturdy . Have used it to cut more than bread and did a fine job . Not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price .
 Cutting bread without a bread knife is futile exercise . This bread knife works well and is very inexpensive . The blade is only about 8 inches , so it is not quite long enough to cut bread from a bread machine if the loaf is placed on its side . I thought I had to get a longer knife , but then I figured I can stand the bread up so that it is much narrower . That works . the knife is now long enough to cut very thin slices of bread that has about the same thickness as the Wonder sandwich bread that I used to buy in grocery stores .
 I purchase a bread machine and needed a knife to cut my newly made bread . I find this one , and am very happy with it , cuts my freshly made bread very well .
 Solid grip.Overall seems to be good quality.It cuts bread really nice.I do n't think you can beat the performance of the knife when compared to the price .
 After using my previous bread knife to saw apart those cylinder wafers that connect desk pieces together -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- I needed a new knife . This one is definitely better than that one , and works great !
 Love it ! It 's a serrated knife , so there 's not really a whole lot to say about it . It cuts things that you 'd want to cut with a serrated knife like a dream . It 's a very nice length and has a comfortable and well sized handle . It cleans up nicely and was inexpensive . My mother tried it at our house once and said she had to have one and ordered one for herself the next day . Great knife !
 I bought this knife to cut crusty French and Italian breads . It works great for these and softer breads as well .
 not much to go wrong here . nice grip havent actually cut with it i puchased this and a knife set a week later that had a bread knife with it .
 I have a bread knife that was handed down to me via my great great Danish grandmother . It is my most prized and loved possession . Its sentimental value is worth all I have in life ... . as a bread knife it kinda sucks . It has a hard time cutting stiff egg whites . No real loss as I have tons of other kitchen knife sets to do the jobs , I 'm just keeping it to pass down to some worthy heir that can appreciate the love and history it holds.I love to make artisan breads , and when I take a picture of a slice out of one of these masterpieces , grandma 's knife makes the bread look even more artsy and homespun.Well , I entered an all day bread bake off/craft fair with a bunch of other old goats -LRB- all had to be over 65 and I was the only guy in the contest -RRB- to choose a local winner . I did n't want to take grandma 's knife with me out of fear of losing/breaking/bending / misplacing/ridicule/stain / dulling it . So I looked for a cheap something I could take that I would n't shed tears over if I lost it.OXO Good Grips Bread Knife to the rescue . Less than $ 10 . Perfect ! I really was n't expecting much at a $ 10 price point . If it just looked like a bread knife , I was satisfied.Let the bake-off begin!We all started our secret dough recipes , let them rise , punch down , add secret grains , conger-up mystic bread Voodoo , knead , dust , slit and pop in the ovens . We each had to make two loaves . One to be judged on and one that would be given to the lucky craft fair attendee to win the first place loaf via drawing of their admission ticket.Time 's up!All of the loaves are out and waiting the required one hour cool down before judging . No question , mine were the most beautiful . Everyone -LRB- from my family -RRB- said so.Time to judge!If you ever had/ate artisan bread , you know the crust is the star of the show . Any good loaf worth its salt will have a crust that can dull a diamond chainsaw in a heartbeat . But , therein is the loaves soul.The OXO went through it just like grandmas knife must have 200 years ago . Clean and straight with a minimum of sawing crumb . It left the warm soft heart beautifully severed . It was enough to make an angel cry.Although mine was the most beautiful -LRB- according to my family and friends -RRB- , Lois Ledbetter 's was awarded first place by the panel of eight judges in the taste department.The other nine `` non-winners '' were auctioned off and the $ 200 proceeds went to the local food pantry.I swallowed my testosterone pride and shook Lois ' hand and congratulated her bread and could n't resist asking her secret ingredient . She said that when I got as old as her -LRB- she is over 100 -RRB- I would know.We 'll see Lois , we 'll see ... As for the knife , I have used it everyday since and it is the best $ 10 I ever spent . It might even get passed down to the heir as well .
 Contrary to the prior reviewer , I have found this knife extremely useful , using one since 1998 . Being a bagel-oholic , I have used this at least 250 bagels , but also use it on homemade Irish brown bread -LRB- crusty -RRB- , grapefruit , and cabbage . I am ordering another for me and one as a gift . Next to my Sabatier paring knife , this is my favorite kitchen knife .
 Blade is fine , cuts great , handle is wonderful.if you just need a bread knife to cut bread and do it well , then this is the best value out there.Don ' t cut reams of paper or try to saw through wood.I liked it so much I bought another after getting the first .
 I do n't have a complete knife set and was tired of ruining loaves of bread with my dull chefs knife and other basic kitchen knives . In all honesty the main reason I purchased this particular knife was that it was the cheapest . Having good luck with other Oxo products previously purchased , I was n't to hesitant to purchase yet another . It has a sharp serrated blade and a comfortable handle that have easily handled all of my bakery cutting duties -LRB- bread and bagels mostly -RRB- . This knife is also nice for heavy skinned fruits , easing through pineapples and cantaloupes . It has also stood up to the dishwasher rather well . You will not be sad with this knife and will be happy with the outcome of every cut you make .
 We got this knife after receiving a breadmaker as a gift . A sharp bread knife is a must for cutting fresh bread without reducing it to crumbs , and this knife does just that . It has the nice `` good Grips '' handle and is a good length . It is nice and sharp and for the price , I 'll probably just replace it if it gets too dull . It is not the fanciest knife I own , but it does the intended job nicely and at a great price . Good , basic bread knife !
 It 's not beautiful , but not unattractive . It 's light and nicely balanced . The handle is very grippy -LRB- thus the name -RRB- , and a BIT wider than you might expect -LRB- which is kind of nice , actually -RRB- . It cuts every kind of bread flawlessly . If you ever manage to break it -LRB- which I ca n't imagine you would -RRB- , you can replace it up to five times for the price of some other bread knives -LRB- which do n't perform as well -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong here . The only reason to get something else is if you 're obsessed with Henckels or having all your knives match .
 This knife cuts bread great . I always like the handles/grips in OXO products , which are good and sturdy . I would give it five stars if it was slightly smaller or if there was another available in a smaller size . When cutting something small like an English muffin in half for example , this knife feels a little like overkill . I 'm kind of afraid it might take my hand with it . Otherwise it is great . And I usually wash my knives by hand so do n't know how it holds up in the dishwasher .
 This knife cut through my crusty bread like it was butter . Have n't had such a good bread knife in years , I 'm getting another so I can cut something else without having to wash it .
 I purchased this item to cut my Bountiful Beer Bread and it works great ! The price was right and it is nice to have around .
 This breadknife did n't cost much and is nice and sharp with a good heft to the hand ; not too lightweight . I 'm sure I 'll have it for years . Cuts bread , sandwiches - perfect for the price .
 This knife may just be the greatest thing since sliced bread , especially if you slice your own . I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome , arthritis and fibromyalgia . Since I started using this knife , working in the kitchen has become much less painful for me . The ergonomically designed handle holds my wrist in a non-stressed position , which is important for not causing damage to my wrist , and the quick , cutting/sawing action makes the work much faster , making the use of a knife much less painful . Bread is not the only item that this knife cuts either . I have used it to cut cheeses , meats and frozen vegatables . My husband does n't suffer from my afflictions , yet he loves using this knife too . Arthritis or not , we need to keep our joints healthy and I think that everyone would benefit from using this knife !
 This knife is the perfect blend of ergonomics and functionality . For hearth baked bread with a frim crust it is the only product available to cut with any success . I only have one complaint and it is the length of the blade . For large boule type loaves if is difficult to cut all the way through . A 10 inch blade would be helpful in this case .
 Cuts right through my whole grain breads no problem . You ca n't beat the price .
 OK , a few more : This knife is one of the easiest to use , cheapest , decent bread knives I have ever used . It is about as good as my MUCH more expensive WMF set . I am quite impressed .
 Gets the job done and easy on the wallet , to boot .
 Perfect for the job AND my wallet .
 Gets the job done and easy on the wallet , to boot .
 The angle of the handle makes cutting much easier than traditional knives . I like it so much I plan to keep it on my Christmas list to buy for friends .
 Got this as a gift for a foodie in my household . Oxo kitchen tools -LRB- and toys -RRB- have great handles , and they 're also generally good tools . This is no exception , works nicely for making thin slices on hard or semisoft cheeses . Nice , reproducible cuts for appetizer trays especially . Quite sharp .
 This is a very good quality product . It cut cheese in perfect slices and you get the best results when the cheese it 's a bit cold not room temperature .
 Does what it 's supposed to , and does it well . I especially like the grip , and it is surprisingly light . I gave four out of five not so much because there 's something wrong with it , but because I 've had cheese planes that have less resistance when slicing , but the difference is not big . So overall , an excellent cheese plane .
 Take this from my Dutch -LRB- cheese head -RRB- husband - we ordered 4 more to send back to his family in the Netherlands !!! Easy to use , giving consistent slices . You ca n't go wrong with thisif you need to slice up a block of cheese .
 After messing around with cheese knives and cheese wires , I finally found something that 's easy to use and does a great job . This device consistently slices the cheese in thin enough slices to be good on crackers . Plus I 've washed it in the dishwasher numerous times and the blade has not become dull . Definitely worth the price and space in the gadget drawer .
 This plane is pretty comfortable . The one we had , had a wooden handle that split . Leaving us with just the plane . Having a full rubber handle is nice . The blade seems okay . Could be a little sharper to help with flaking at the end of the block but it gets the job done .
 The slicer is easy to use and the cheese does n't stick to the blade . The handle is comfortable . Works on all types of cheese
 They 're called good grips for a reason
 Who cut the cheese ? I did . And it was perfectly sliced . Good grip with good balance make this a must have for the cheese enthusiast .
 My family always used this type of cheese slicer when I was growing up , because the wire kind always seemed to break . Since my marriage , I 'd been using that type , and not only did it break several times , but it was impossible to get nice , thin slices -LRB- which I prefer to thick slices -RRB- . After moving out of the country , I bought a similar style to this , but with an adjustable dial to determine the thickness of the slice . It was awful ! At the end of each slice it would rip off a huge chunk of cheese . Finally , we bought this product on Amazon and it works so much better ! I have noticed that it sometimes rips off a tiny chunk at the end of a slice , but still , it is much better than the other one I had .
 I 'm happy with this product . It slices just the right size pieces . The grip handle feels sturdy . This is also very easy to clean .
 I bought this because ... I have issues with kitchen accessories . . I want to own all of them ! LOL ! It works great and looks nice . I like that you can wash it in the dishwasher without worrying it will rust or break over the long run . Good solid product for a very reasonable price .
 I ordered this OXO Good Grips Cheese Plane from Amazon because I needed just a few more bucks in my cart to qualify for free shipping , and the only other cheese cutter I have is the big kind with the wire , that I risk my life with upon every use ! I hate that thing!This thing , however , I love . It cuts perfect slices of cheese ! Very happy .
 If you use a cheese plane or have plans to use one , this is a good one . If you do not use a cheese plane , you can probably get by without this.It is good at making uniform slices of cheese which are on the thin side . A vegetable peeler is better for making parmesan curls.As usual it has OXO 's ergonomic , grippy handle . I like using this utensil for making cheese slices for an appetizer tray .
 Not an item everyone needs or wants , but if you want it , you want it perfect . This is the one . Fits the hand like a , well , like a cheese plane . Excellent craftsmanship .
 This is a handy and attractive cheese plane with a very sharp blade that cuts from every angle , glides easily and produces thin , clean and effortless slices every time . Its sharp blade never seems to need sharpening , and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand , making it require less force to operate than the more traditional cheese planes do , and rendering it perfect for either firm or soft cheese.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use . Its elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use , mine is still just like new . I even use it on blocks of chocolate , to make fast-melting slices when I bake . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 My previous OXO cheese plane was about to snap in two , with the blade becoming more wobbly by the day . This new one is forged in a single piece of stainless steel and works great ! OXO has made a big improvement .
 Oxo makes an amazing variety of good utensils , and this is one of them . I like it a lot
 oxo good grips is the best , we always get this brand so we own many of their products and the only one that broke was an ice cream scoop - this cheese slicer works perfect !!!
 It 's worth it ! I saw this coffee mug from the tv series Bones ; Booth -LRB- David Boreanaz -RRB- is holding a steelers coffee mug just like this mug . I 've surfed the websites and i found it here and decided to buy it as a christmas present for my hubby , he 's a hardcore steelers fan , he loved it so much . After i purchased it , I recieved it 3 days later and in good condition . Thank you !!
 I priced these at Lowes . They ranged from $ 7 - $ 10 each . This package was less than $ 15 with shipping . Be sure to check the size of your Shop Vac hose prior to purchasing .
 Great set for the price . Works just as I expected . Bristles not to stiff yet not too soft . . Perfect addition since my bristle brush broke from my Stanley set that can with the shop vac . .
 Fast delivery ! Great for cleaning upholstery and cars . You need these additional tools for any wet dry vacuum to make cleaning much faster and efficient .
 Excellent Vendor & Quick Shipper Too !!!! THANKS !!!!!! We will be back for more great buys soon ... Thanks
 These are beautiful glasses , and arrived in excellent condition . On the large tumblers -LRB- 5 inches tall -RRB- The Teal splash is asymmetrical as pictured , and there are no two exactly alike . So each is like a unique work of art . In the smaller ones -LRB- 3.5 inches tall -RRB- , the splash does not come that far up the side , so it is not as dramatic . The glass is fairly thick at the bottom , and thin at the rim . This will make an excellent gift .
 This is the most comfortable tenderizer . Easy to use , weight is great , feels great in hand ! Does the job WELL ! Highly recommend !
 This was given as part of a wedding gift set . I have not heard pro nor con about this item from the receiving couple
 MY WIFE USE THIS TENDERIZER FOR THE FIRST TIME , FOUND IT TO BE DURABLE AND WELL BALANCED ABOVE ALL IT DID THE JOB IT WAS MADE FOR .
 The meat tenderizers quality was better than I expected . i will be ordering more items in the future . I used the tenderizer on the day it was delivered.The OXO meat tenderizer handle grip is exactly what I needed . My old tenderizer did n't have a grip handle.I like the OXO Meat Tenderizer .
 I love all things OXO . They make good , ergonomic and comfortable products of all kinds . This Tenderizer feels very nice in the hand with the soft grip it has . Works !
 very good and usable . That was my present for my daughter . She cooks very good . And she said that this is exactly what she was looking for .
 As I have said in other reviews , I love the uality , heft and grip of OXO products . I would buy this product again .
 Its a meat tenderizer ... what can I say about it in at least seventeen words ? It looks nice , flattens the meat ... and I 'm done !
 This Meat Tenderizer has a really good grip and it works as desired . Since it has two side you can choose which one to use according to what you need to cook .
 Great for pounding boneless chicken breasts . Does the job quickly and efficiently . I 've had one for a few years . Bought this one for my son , the BBQ King , when he raved about mine !
 Big enough but not too big for all kinds of tendering jobs . Its heavy enough but not too heavy that you would n't need to use a lot of strength . Size and shape are perfect . Does a wonderful meat job .
 Another great OXO product . This company has made cooking safer for those of us who tend to drop things , or who do n't have a great grip on life . Oh , I mean those of us who need a bit of help in the grip department . Oh , I mean , well you get the gist of it ...
 I got this meat tenderizer today and as always oxo has made a great product however I must admit I was a little dissapointed that it CAN NOT BE PUT INTO THE DISHWASHER . The dishwasher is a staple in my everyday life ... I clean everything with it ... and its a bummer I cant put the tenderizer in it too ... oh well ... its still a well made product .
 Simple , good design . It is easy to maintain after it uses there is a seam and likes it . I wants . . following . . . . kitchen articles of OXO . . to take it . . become complete ...
 This meat hammer works quite well at beating the toughness out of the meat before you cook it . Though , I am not sure as to why you can not put it in the dishwasher , as it says not to ... But , it does the job as advertised ...
 I have a dishwasher that I use for glasses , plates , cups , bowls and cutlery that are recommended for dishwasher cleaning . If I encounter a good product that does the job for a good price , like my good quality chef knives and this meat pounder which I only use once a month , I simply wash it by hand , which takes about 20 seconds and burns ... about 2 calories . I ca n't wait for Whirlpool to release their new dishwasher line that goes to the supermarket , buys your food , cuts it up and cooks and serves it for you , then flosses and brushes your teeth for you after you eat said food . Then maybe some reviewers may be satisfied .
 Every good cook or chef needs a good meat pounder to flatten or tenderize meats . This is the one you need .
 The only thing that might be a downfall with this product is that it is not dishwasher safe . But I do dishes the `` old-fashioned '' way so it wo n't be a problem . It is of a nice weight where I do n't have to put forth too much effort to get the results I am looking for . One side is flat for making meat flat while the other has little teeth that will make tougher cuts of meat more tender . I am very happy with this product .
 This product has the right weight & balance to do what it 's supposed to with the least amount of effort ! And the `` grip '' is perfect ... I tossed my old tenderizer immediately after using this the first time ! Very easy to hold and control !
 This tenderizer is the best that I have ever worked with . It has the perfect weight to pound meat , or chicken , and it is very easy to keep clean . It outdoes any synthetic , or wooden tenderizer and there will never be any residue on the stainless steel .
 This meat tenderizer is excellent . It feels great in the hand and is nicely weighted . Go ahead , beat your meat with OXO . You 'll be glad you did .
 My wife and I both use it with no problems . We hand wash it like many other things , so the dishwasher is irrelevant . should last for years , at least we hope so .
 This OXO item is rock solid ! Worth the money , and definitly does tenderize meat . Item shipped exactly as described!Great .
 This is a light study and easy to use mallet that is great for pounding out scaloppine . The only drawback is that its not supposed to go into the dishwasher . Great value !
 Functionally as a meat tenderizer it is quite adequate
 I love OXO Good Grips products and have several . I wanted a meat tenderizer so went with a trustworthy brand . The utensil is well built , good looking -LRB- stainless and black -RRB- and has a good weight . Wish it was dishwasher safe , but that is okay . I really like that it has a textured size and a flat side . It works perfect and I would highly recommend .
 The OXO tenderizer does it 's job remarkably well , with little to no sustained damage over multiple uses . However , it 's very difficult to clean and does n't fit in my dishwasher easily.But , if you do n't mind some additional time for cleaning , this is a perfect kitchen appliance !
 we usually buy the less tender meat and this product is perfect for tederizing the meat to perfection . . i would recommend it .
 I love this tenderizer ! My daughter loves steak and this is perfect for tenderizing before grilling ! Very sturdy and easy to clean afterwards !
 I like the weight and feel of it in my hand . Does the tenderizing fine , will check out the better model referred to by another reviewer . What I 've been using this tool more often for is to crumble club crackers I put in a zip loc baggie . I use the flat part and it does a fine job in quick time . I put the finely crumbled crackers over fish , apply cooking spray , then bake .
 This was a replacement item , as someone had put it in the dishwasher , as someone forgot , it says specifically not to . That someone has been reminded , again , this time with the sticker that says that , stuck on their forehead . A great kitchen tool , easy to clean up , so long as you do n't put it in the dishwasher .
 Sanitary/easy-to-clean design . Good ` heft ' makes short work of pounding out those chicken breasts , or thin steaks.Flat side for `` minimal tearing '' of the meat / Toothed side for heavier tenderization . Great for Chicken Parmesan or making that steak marinade penetrate all the way through .
 I have had a wooden meat tenderizer for years and used my sisters OXO meat tenderizer recently and loved it . I purchased 3 , two for gifts !
 I bought this because I split the older wood meat tenderizer I had used for years . Better weight and balance and more even tenderizing . I also use this to flatten meats before grilling so they cook evenly . Very pleased !
 This was my first tenderizer and I think it is great . I 've used it 15 times or so now and it is easy to use and clean . The entire unit feels like it is top quality and the handle is comfortable to use . I 'm sure it will be around for years to come .
 I have been looking for a meat tenderizer for a while at my local kicthen supply stores but it was either too expenssive or low quality . This one I got from azamon is all I would expect , massive aluminum with a good handle , just perfect .
 I have not used a meat tenderizer since I lived with my parents over 36 years ago . I needed one for a couple of new recipes and I found this one through Amazon . It does what it is supposed to do . It is very well made and should last a lifetime .
 By no means the best tenderizer I have used but out of this world for the price . I highly suggest this meat pounder for the occasional user .
 There are no moving parts - you hold it by the handle , and pound meat with the other end . What makes one tenderizer better than another ? I have no idea , they are all the same to me . This one works just fine .
 purchased this product an was very pleased in the quality of the item , used it once so far on my steaks an they were very good , will have to try it on other types of meats , put so far iam very happy with it , i like it so well iam thinking of purchasing another one for my camper ...
 OXO products are always great quality - - - a good addition to any kitchen .
 and it worked wonderfully . The handle grips well , and I had wet hands . I used it on thick boneless chicken , and it worked really well , extremely pleased . It weights 1lb and that seems to be perfect for what we 'd use it for - chicken , steak , pork . The chicken was delicious too :-RRB- I would buy as a gift or recommend to family and friends .
 I love all my OXO products . This works great and is an excellent purchase for the price .
 This is just what I was looking for . It is great because of the non-slip handle , dimpled on one side and flat on the other . Perfect for whatever your needs in the kitchen . Well made too .
 I love to make my own pork tenderlion sandwiches but did n't really have the right tool to make them thin and nice so I purchased this and it works great . Love the design of this meat tenderizer and it is so light and easy to use . Would highly recommend this item to anyone .
 We 've got OXO everything , and for good reason . They 're high quality , very stylish looking , and are comfortable to use . The meat tenderizer is no exception . Solidly built , great handle , perfect weight for hammering those filets thin or beating some of the toughness out of a steak.We made the mistake of putting ours in the dishwasher . Big mistake . The shiny glossy metal got cloudy . This is too bad , because I like to wash anything that comes in contact with meat in the hottest water possible . But treat it like you would a good knife -LRB- wash it by hand -RRB- and you 'll be fine .
 Very excellent product . A good weight to it for really tenderizing whatever meat you are preparing -LRB- chicken , steak , etc. . . -RRB- The two-sided mallot works well , where you can use the flat side on chicken so as not to make a mess , and the dimpled side does a great job on tougher meats like beef to really tender them up . I would highly recommend this item and given the choice I would definitely buy it again .
 I used this for several years , and it is fine for what it is . I like the handle , but the head is a bit small , which can tear the meat.I 've since replaced it with the i-series version , which I like a lot better : OXO Good Grips 1057946 i-Series Meat PounderIf this review was helpful , please mark it as such .
 I am yet another fan of OXO Good Grips products . The meat tenderizer is another good product . It is very ergonomic , and it 's heavy/solid so that you do n't have to pound as hard as you would with more lightweight tenderizers.I do n't like the fact that you ca n't put it in the dishwasher , but really , scrub it with some anti-bacterial dish soap and you 're all set . After shopping at several home product stores in search of a tenderizer , I came back to the OXO Good Grips because I found it the best , in spite of not being able to put it in the dishwasher .
 Let us be clear , if you 're going to take the time to cook in your kitchen , you know a few items must need cleaning afterwards , right ? Some more than others . For all those people complaining about this tool not being able to withstand the rigors that a dishwasher can dish out , here 's a novel idea straight from the confines of common sense . We 've all seen the little , brightly-colored spray bottles in bins at grocery stores , mega-stores and such . Fill one with half and half water and bleach , have it within reach ... that is , just at about ankle level below the sink your standing at , spray the item to be washed and sanitized to your satisfaction -LRB- be liberal if you choose to -RRB- and then rest assured you 've done everything possible under the sun to have your tight little niche of the world as `` restaurant-clean and safe '' as any four or five star eatery closely managed by astute folks not wanting to lose their job because of some health department oversight on their part . It 's not that we are too lazy to get there , it 's just that it 's been such a long day with bending and such . And the heat in the kitchen , oh my ! Next topic , please!Besides the foregoing lesson , the thing works great as it should . It will pound meat all day long with the best of them and at a very reasonable price too . OXO rocks significantly !
 Meat Tenderizer OXO / B00004OCJJIt always feels odd to rate minor kitchen implements as 5 stars , but this OXO meat tenderizer definitely works the way it should . The spiky end pokes holes in the meat nicely and the flat end flattens out thick chicken breasts in no time flat . It 's fun to use -LRB- or at least I think so ! -RRB- and it does n't require a huge amount of strength . The grip is comfortable and does n't lend itself to flying out of your hands . It 's easy to clean - meat does n't cling to the spiky end - and while it probably is n't rated for dishwasher use , that never stops me from throwing it in anyway , and I 've had no problems . ~ Ana Mardoll
 I 'm now addicted to OXO products , and I 've been cooking far more . I love them !
 After buying the MIU mandoline , I wanted to make my own spice mixes for my homemade potato chips and fries . This little gadget did a great job of turning rosemary leaves , sea salt and ground pepper into a nice , uniform seasoning sprinkle . It also worked well when I used it to finely mince chives with some garlic . I doubt it will work well when you try to bulldoze it over a large pile of basil leaves -LRB- small piles are okay -RRB- -- for this , it 's much easier to roll up the leaves into little cigars , slice them into chiffonade , and if so desired , minced . Otherwise , I 'm guessing the result would be like some pesto got murdered on your chopping board . I read some people not liking the ` bruising ' -- it 's actually not always bad , because bruising can help release the herbs ' flavors and aromas . When used on small amounts of herbs that are n't too ` wet ' , this little mincer does a fine job . Only four stars because there are better -LRB- but not necessarily easier -RRB- ways to mince -- like with a mezzaluna or a good , sharp chef 's knife .
 After a long search , including Amish country businesses , I finally found `` herb Mincers '' at Amazon . We needed noodle cutters for our church fundraiser - selling homemade noodles . I have not tried it yet as an herb mincer but it makes a great noodle cutter , comfortable to hold , the plastic guard protects fingers from cuts and keeps the cut noodles from backing up in the cutter.It is easy on the wrist as attested to by one woman with the carpal tunnel problem . One feels it is clean because it comes apart for thorough cleaning . We purchased one to see how we liked it and the immediate response from both men and women was `` I like it ! '' . Yes the men help us particularly in rolling the dough . We make as many as 80 `` batches '' an evening and have worn out many cutters . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that we would want to wait to see how durable it is . We have reordered 26 of them .
 I am anxiously awaiting this product . . but not for herbs . . I have a similar one ... and its a NOODLE CUTTER ... sure they call it an herb mincer ... but for noodles ... you ca n't get a better cutter ... this one is for my mom in law ... who makes noodles and dries them to sell . . all we have been able to find are cheap white plastic handled ` mincers ' i have a german made steel one ... but to get one like mine ... and shipped here would cost me over 50 $ so i 'm hoping this will be the answer to our noodle cutter problems ... . will let you know when it arrives ... abbey ... Update ... . this is fantastic ... will get more for christmas presents ...
 The Oxo rolling herb mincer does a fantastic job with the utmost speed . It cuts herbs such as basil into long thin strips if need be , and creates finely chopped bits just as easily . I 've never used a better tool for these jobs . The handle is comfortable in use . The tool cleans up effortlessly . It 's the perfect answer to herb mincing .
 I bought this about a month ago and have used it numerous times . Reading the other reviews , I am a bit perplexed by claims that this does n't cut through basil , cilantro , etc. . I 've used this mincer to cut both of these herbs and more . Mincing parsley to tiny bits was easy as well . Of course , being an Oxo utensil , the handle is very comfortable . Recommended .
 I 've had this for well over a year and use it at least once a week . It chops a large bunch of cilantro or basil in a few seconds . The blades are still very sharp and it looks like new . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that while I like how it disassembles so completely to wash away every little piece , I wish it were a bit easier to do so.There is such a wide division in the reviews here that I wonder if using different types of cutting boards could make a difference . I 've always used an acrylic one with mine .
 As every one who owns one of these terrific gadgets knows it is great for mincing herbs . I have found it is the best thing to use , to cut homemade egg noodles into thin , even strips .
 This mincer is a little `` fiddly '' when it comes to washing and putting the pieces back together but if you 've ever done a kid 's straw sports cup , you 'll be fine after a couple of times . As usual , OXO has good , ergonomic ideas for little kitchen problems . I 'd definitely buy it again but it 's probably easier to use kitchen scissors to do very small amounts of herbs .
 I have loaned this tool out to more neighbors than any other kitchen tool I own . I need to buy some for Christmas gifts . It works great for cutting noodles .
 I own about 80 % of the Oxo line . I love nearly every piece I own . This piece , however , get mixed reviews from me . It minces herbs fine but it is a pain to clean . Yes , all the parts disassemble so you do n't leave any bits of herbs in after you wash it . It 's just a pain to do the disassembly/reassembly thing everytime I use this tool . I personally think an Italian Mezzaluna is better , quicker and certainly easier to clean !
 I 've loved every product put out by Oxo , and this one is no exception ! I use it at least 3 times a week , and I 've tried mincing fresh rosemary , thyme , sage , basil , and dill , all with great success . It 's a quick and easy operation , and does not require much pressure , so it 's very easy on the hands . Best of all , I think the rolling action of the blades produces much better minced herbs compared to using just shears or a mandoline . Clean-up is very easy , too . I highly recommend this product !
 This is a great poster . It shows the main characters , symbolically standing in a cementary .
 I was helping my niece set up her new home and we were trying to buy a lot of things for not that much money . I think it 's so important to have good knives - but when I went looking - the really good ones were SO much money . I decided to try this pair because of the name - OXO - I have loved every one of the products I have purchased from them - and the price . Well , I was so impressed , I had to buy a set for myself as well . These are the knives I reach for everyday . My expensive set of knives are on my counter , but the convenience , comfortable feel and the good job that the OXO knives do - they are the ones I use most often . At this price , I ca n't imagine any home without them !
 The pairing knife is regular size , but the chef 's knife is small . Personally , I like that . I have small hands and do n't do a great deal of chopping . Watch out -- this knife is sharp ! So be careful . I would definitely recommend these knives to anyone who just needs a good kitchen chopping knife and does n't want to spend a lot of money .
 I have been looking for a mini chef knife for a long time , and was thrilled to find this one ! It is spectacular . It cuts great with a sharp blade . The handle fits just right in your hand for ease of cutting . My husband loves it too . This is the first OXO product that I own , and I have already been looking at their other products -- they are so wonderful and made very well . The paring knife is a great product too .
 The paring knife is fine , but I was moved to write this review by my love for the mini chef knife . Everyone I know who 's tried it is now a convert ... it chops everything -LRB- including large onions -RRB- easily without the unwieldiness of a larger knife , and it 's very sharp , not to mention cute . As one of my housemates said , `` Now I do n't bother with any other knife , I just ask ` where 's the excellent knife ? ' ''
 I have always loved Oxo products . Big handles , soft grips , and very sharp blades . I have used knives four times more expensive before and they do n't compare . My last mini chef knife lasted for 6 years . It 's especially well suited for small batch chopping and cutting or for a smaller cutting board in cramped quarters . It would very rarely need sharpening , and when it did , it was good as gold for a long time . The handle finally broke apart from the blade portion . I could have sent it in for a free replacement -LRB- the knife is guaranteed -RRB- but I decided to buy the set to support a great brand , even though much of their products are made in China . Very little is n't made in China these days . The companion paring knife is awesome for apples , potatoes , carrots , and celery in particular . I highly recommend this set . Also , a bit off topic , but I would like to recommend the Oxo can opener . It 's a real pleasure to use . It will be the last one you ever buy . ; -RRB-
 I bought this for the chef knife , the paring knife was just a bonus . You 'll be surprised how often you reach for the mini chef knife to cut vegetables , slice cheese , you name it . I bought one at a grocery store while on vacation then came home and ordered a few more through Amazon , it 's that handy . It 's thin , sharp , easy to handle and inexpensive . Great for camping too .
 My daughter received these knives as a wedding gift and they are used more than any in her kitchen . They are n't the quality of the best German knives but if you do n't put them in the dishwasher they will be knives you will enjoy for a long time .
 I am a small woman , I know to most that does n't mean the size of my knife should matter , but it does . These feel great in my hand and the balance is wonderful . I really do not feel as though I am `` working '' with these . Other knives I have are a bit to heavy but these are perfect .
 These are by far the best , cheap knives I 've owned . Thy rubber grip makes for easy , comfortable handling . They are big enough to do most everything , but small enough to not get in the way or be too big and bulky , like I find most knives can be . I have bought a set for almost everyone I know !
 Why do I say these are a nice way to start ? Well , they are great knives , but after using them I think you will want to progress to the OXO MV55-Pro . I started with these and really liked them . Nice handles , good cut . But then I bought the Pro ... and well , they REALLY live up to their name.But these are a good inexpensive way to `` try out '' the OXO line .
 Soft , soft , soft and the fitted sheet even fits my double pillow mattress ! The color is a nice pale blue , not the grayish color that the photo suggests . So , if you want gray sheets , do n't get these . But if it 's pale blue you 're after go for it.I may even get a second set .
 You can almost read the headlines
 I love these sheets . They are very comfortable and so far very durable . I am sure they 'll last a long time . Awesome price too !
 The item was exactly as pictured and described ... Lovely sheet set at a great price !
 I absolutely love these sheets . They are soft and comfy . The color is a beautiful light soft blue . The perfect color I was looking for . I love laying in bed for extra time in these sheets .
 This product is heavy duty and well made . I would buy again from this company .
 We managed to get hold of this potato masher online after long search after our original one broke . -LRB- Husband a little heavy handed whilst mashing !! -RRB- Would reccomend it to anyone .
 This is one amazing tool . The genius of the thing is it not only mashes potatoes , but it also mashes other things like carrots , squash , beets , and a lot of other things . This tool replaces a multitude of single use tools like carrot mashers . No other country could invent a product that is so beneficial to mankind , making the world a better place . This magnificent piece of engineering was later found to be predicted in Einstein 's explanation of the curvature of time and space . The simplicity of the thing is simply amazing yet complex at the same time . Be sure to read , understand and follow all the instructions that come with this tool . Do n't be fooled into thinking it is benign . I badly mashed my hand.I gave this four stars because it 's instructions do not explicitly state to cook the vegetables prior to mashing . That 's how I mashed my hand.Makes a good birthday present for your wife . Also , a good Bingo prize . Take my word on this .
 What can you say about a potato masher ... It mashes ... I bought this one because its a Oxo . A brand I can trust .
 I bought this so I could make my sweeties favorate side dish ; mash patataos . I like the easy compfortable grip and quick clean up of this item . There is nothing like fresh mash potatos ; in my opinion.It makes mashing patatoes quite easy and enjoyable . I also us it to mash other items for soups and sauses . I keep it very handy so when needed.Enjoy
 This `` potato masher '' is perfect if you like `` smashed '' potatoes rather than mashed , and you like to leave the skin on your potatoes . I had the kind with the flat head and holes and it works fine for peeled potatoes . If I left the peels on , they got stuck in the holes and I kept having to clean them out . You also end up with smooth potatoes rather than lumpy like I prefer . So I purchased this `` masher '' and could n't be happier . It makes perfect `` smashed '' potatoes and any other root vegetables . The other thing I use it for -LRB- and one reason why I bought this kind of masher -RRB- is to break up hamburger or sausage in a frying pan . It works so much better -LRB- and faster -RRB- than a wooden spoon . Just be careful if you are using a non-stick pan not to scrape the bottom of the pan . Another good use for this masher is to break up whole tomatoes from a can . Just dump them into a bowl and mash away.Like all other Oxo products , this masher is well made and will probably last for a very long time .
 Very nice potato masher . I am used to using the round , plastic model and it would not mash them all the way . This beast has a nice bulky handle that makes it easy to grip and and wire masher on the head is very stout . Great masher , makes me want to make more mashed potatoes !
 For my husbands and I 's first Christmas I asked for a potato masher . He got this exact one and I can say that I 've used it once a week for 10 years and its still perfect . The handle is just fine and it never rusted or anything . I love all the Oxo products , they really do last years and years . I 've bought other companies products for the kitchen and they fall apart , is I specifically look for Oxo Good Grips whenever I go get a kitchen gadget because I know it will last for years . One tip , after you mash the potatoes rinse off the potato from the masher because once that potato dries it takes alot of work to remove .
 This potato masher works well and its very easy to clean . The handle is also comfortable . BTW you can also use it to mash/chop up eggs for tuna salads ect .
 This is the first masher I have ever owned , have always just used a fork or a spoon . What a difference this makes ! So comfortable to hold , does a great job & easy cleaning ! Highly recommend !
 I love this masher . The potatoes do n't get stuck in it when you mash them like they did in my criss cross one
 It mashes the potatoes just great . Easy to use , and easy to clean . No complaints from me or my husband .
 So far I have to say that this is the best masher I 've ever had , and at 65 , I have had or used any number of them . The &#34; wire &#34; portion is solid , sturdy and will never bend . The handle is long , has an adequate circumference and is padded , making it easy to grip and at the same time , comfortable . To top it all off , the end of the handle has extra padding on it so when you bear down it does n't feel uncomfortable . Great product and worth the price !
 This OXO Good Grips WAire Potato Masher is just what I needed to complete my tool gadgets . I 'd looked in stores all over and was unable to fine one on the shelf .
 A Christmas present for my daughter , if you can imagine that ! She did request it , after all . Following dinner the day after , I would have to say it works pretty well . Now , all that 's required is that it last a long time .
 I 've not found an OXO product I dislike yet . This one replaces my decades old masher , which had a too-small handle that hurt my hand when used .
 This replaced my old masher of 20 + years , love the OXO grip . You ca n't go wrong with an old standard , it worked great for breaking up potatoes . My only complaint is that it could be longer , this is great for a standard pot but if you 're using it for a bigger stock pot you 'll have to really get in there to get it to reach the bottom .
 Just what I wanted . Have the other machines but wanted a old fashioned potatoe masher . I use it to make a special recipe that the other implments just ca n't handle.Good solid piece of kitchen ware . Glad to have it ;
 Have n't purchased a bad OXO gadget yet . This one will definetly hold up . I have used mine for a long time and this one was for my grandaughter .
 My mom loves it ! This is the kind she was looking for . Glad to get it for her . Thanks a lot
 Potato masher , well , it does as advertised ... with a little help from you of course . End result is great ! smooth or little lumpy as some -LRB- myself -RRB- prefer . Handy tool ! As it says , Good Grips , very comfortable and sturdy build .
 Good grip and easy to clean . No complaints about this one . Pretty much use it on garbanzo beans -LRB- for falafel -RRB- and , you guessed it , mashed potatoes , and it works just fine for both .
 I had a flimsy potato masher with a terrible handle I could hardly wait to get rid of . This one is easy and comfortable to use , very sturdy and does exactly what is supposed to do . Buy it ! You wo n't regret it .
 I have many Oxo products and as with the rest , this lived up to not only their high standards but also my high standards .
 This is my favorite style potato masher . It works just like it should , good rubber handle . I am happy with it .
 This is a fine potato masher . I am partial to a lot of the OXO kitchen implements . This was a decent price , but to be honest , the reason I ordered this from Amazon was to take advantage of the `` Buy Three , Get Four Free '' offer . I have used this offer several times , and it makes it well worthwhile to order four items and get the least expensive free . I LOVE AMAZON !
 It mashes potatoes as well we anything else that can be masked like turnips , carrots , egg plant , etc. . The best aspect is the handle , as all Oxo Good Grips it it very comfortable and it is ideal for anyone like myself who suffers from RMS -LRB- repetitive motion syndrome -RRB- .
 I have several OXO `` gadgets '' . They all perform exceptionally well . The potato masher is very sturdy and is no exception to the rule . I highly recommend this product !
 I purchased this masher today and wasnt surprised at the quality . I have long known that oxo good grips makes the best product . My drawer is filled with their products . The masher is another example of the company 's wonderful quality . I 'll have this for years . The handle is rubber and is easy on the hands yet durable . The steel is high quality . I just love oxo ... !
 I 've come to like Oxo and trust the quality of their products . This tool is no different . It 's strong and durable , with a comfortable handle .
 I bought others before and I had a hard time making a smooth smash potato but this one works !! And good price .
 What to say about a potato masher ? It is well built and needs no instructions . I like it better than the type with the holes , makes for easier mashing and better potatoes .
 This wire potato masher , like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability , and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design , hefty body , and big , pressure-absorbing , non-slip grip , complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers , are the reasons why you 'll prefer this product over the more traditional models , as they will allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant , stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection , and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging , and a strong , stout double-wire neck guaranteed to be unbendable.Overall , this masher is perfect to mash potatoes , apples , pumpkins , carrots and other such foods , especially handy if you have a baby in the house . Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years . Furthermore , its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal , everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 I made the pefect lumpy potatoes with this . Sounds odd , but that 's what I wanted . I have a ricer , but I wanted the mashed potatoes from my childhood . I went out and bought this specifically for the task . I have no regrets or complaints . The handle felt fine , better than what my mother used to have . I remember hers having more mashing surface , but that may be because I was young . This one seems compact , so it works fine for a small amount of potatoes in a smaller bowl -LRB- perfect for me . -RRB- If you want ultra smooth , this is n't the product for you . Get the Oxo ricer or use a mixer .
 Nothing fancy , just mashin ' action . I would give it 5 stars if the handle was a bit more comfortable -LRB- just hard plastic as opposed to something more comfortable , but it 's not like you use it that much -RRB- and if the design was closer to the honeycomb open-hole idea instead of the curvy wires , which leave more lumps in your mashed potatoes . But really , if you want perfectly lump-free mashed potatoes , you should be using a ricer , not a masher .
 Great sturdy design !! The handle is well made , soft on the hands , good non-slip grip but yet durable . The heavy duty stainless steel designed wire mesh does every job perfect.Charms
 This masher is very good . It 's very durable and simple to use . I use to use a spoon to mash potatoes and it hurt and took forever . With this , it takes me less than 3 minutes to mash it . The grip is fantastic and so is the stainless steel wires .
 This really is the perfect masher - just like the one my mum had ... I 've tried every `` new and improved '' masher on the planet without success - until now . Works quickly to mash loads of spuds without undue effort or mess . Oxo has merely added a comfortable handle and weight to the tried and tested masher .
 Perfect masher for awesome smashed potatoes ! Shipped incredibly fast !! HIGHLY recommend the OXO masher . . potatoes do NOT get stuck in tines !!
 My ancient wire potato masher finally gave up the ghost , after forty or more years of frequent use and passes through the dish washer . I am very happy with the OXO Good Grips Wire Potato Masher . It is far superior to the two plastic mashers I bought while trying to replace the old wire style . I recommend this product highly , and without reservation .
 the only problem with this masher might be that it does too good a job . I have n't made mashed potatoes yet ; I use it for our family 's favorite butternut squash dish , in which cooked squash is mashed and mixed with onion and butter . A slightly chunky mash cooks up best . Using this masher , before I knew it I had a bowl of pureed squash . The handle is easy to hold , and the masher is wonderfully easy to clean after use . No crevices for food to get caught in .
 I decided to finally retire my old homemade hand-welded masher made by an old family member . It was too short for average amounts of mashed root veggies . I had decided to match my new melon baller also from OXO . My OXO purchases have all been great replacements for all my antiquated kitchen tools . Nothing like working more ergonomically and efficiently as we get older .
 Strong oxo quality . Exactly what I expected . Not much else to say except that it 's what I ordered and I 'm pleased with it .
 I love this product because it 's not big , and it is sturdy . It does its job in mashing pretty much anything you want .
 I have used this masher maybe 20 times and it has held up just fine and shown no wear . It has a comfortable grip that is easy to hold . The design works well for easily mashing potatoes . The entire item is easy to clean and is a good value as the price is relatively low .
 the best masher . makes my potatoes into mashed potatoes . my fruit into jam and works great highly recommend . 5 stars .
 Okay ! I bought this last year and it is still going strong I love smashed tatars . I like to wait a while to give a review to see how things really last and this is lasting for me . Thanks
 I have always used my electric mixer for mashed potatoes . I saw this in the store and thought I would try it out . It works great . . easy to use and best of all I do n't have to mess with my mixer . Love it . 5 stars !!!
 You have one great masher available when you buy this one ! The grip gives you the power to mash even the hardest of potatoes .
 Well crafted potato masher that was desperately needed in my kitchen ! It 's merely been used a couple times , but can not foresee it falling apart or having any problems due to its sturdy build .
 As all the OXO Good Grips products I have purchased in the past , I am very pleased with the potato masher . I had a perfectly serviceable masher of another variety , but from watching TV cooking shows , I decided to try this one , since it is supposed to rapidly break up sausage as you fry it as well as mash potatoes . It is well made .
 Basically we have folks in the house who suffer from arthritisand fibromyalgia . These kitchen tools
 Indispensable to me . My hands are small and rather sensitive , so I find myself reaching for this little knife with its comfortable handle for everything , including meat , and it sharpens up very nicely . The peeler is excellent for almost everything , though occasionally I do use a smaller one for peeling very thin-skinned fruits . If these ever wear out , which seems unlikely , I 'll buy another set .
 I 've had this parer and peeler for a year or two and use them both just about every day . They are comfortable to use and stay looking new though they go through the dishwasher on a regular basis . The knife sharpens up easily and stays sharp despite the abuse it takes in the hands of various family members . I am very satisfied and definitely would recommend these tools to anyone with a kitchen !
 There 's no doubt this is one of the greatest deals in cutlery to be found anywhere . The edges are sharp enough , and the handles are exceptionally well designed for hands of all sizes and shapes . The peeler is the best I 've ever used , and I even purchased a second set because we were always scrambling to get to the OXO peeler first whenever there was a big peeling job to tackle . BUT ... the handle separated from the paring knife blade in the first month of ownership . Sure , a little epoxy put things right again . But even at these prices a handle should never separate from the blade . Still , this is a five star deal just for the peeler alone . The paring knife is a throw-in ... handle or otherwise .
 This set is the best . I received it at my bridal shower 5 years ago , and both tools remain among my favorites today ! This peeler is nearly effortless , and makes quick work of the task at hand . The paring knife is great for anything , as it is the size of a small utility knife . The comfort grip is also a blessing when preparing fruit and veggie trays for company !
 This set caught my eye . I do n't have full dexterity of my right hand and peeling was a chore . This peeler helped with a the grip , but more important was a consistent , sharp , durable blade . It is also dishwasher safe . Yes , you can buy a peeler for much less , but spend the money for this set . The knife is a good knife , nothing to rave about . Get the set for the peeler . Its worth the premium .
 The chef at the country club I worked at gave this to me in a huge box of a wide array of every kind of kitchen gadget you could imagine . I ended up using this set the most . Tragically this last year was the end of my knife ... it broke off literally at the base of the blade . I was heartbroken because it was the best knife I ever owned . I used it on everything . I ca n't tell you how well this thing cut through potatoes and just about every vegetable known to earth . Plus , it could cut the fat off chicken , pork chops etc. . It was great !! The potato peeler is the best as well , but I still have that in great shape ! -LRB- and it stays sharp , trust me , as my poor middle finger found out again tonight ... ahem . -RRB- Anyway , I looked every where for this knife . I never thought to check on here , until last night I came across it by accident . I ca n't tell you how excited I was that I found my knife . I had went and bought another in hopes it could at least last as a temp , but I was still longing for my old one . I am so happy that I found it again . I ca n't wait to get it and start using the one and only knife you should have . Buy them in droves and give some away only to a really good friend . Yippee .
 The Good Grip potato peeler that I have was given to me by my dad several years ago . Dad helps mom in the kitchen because of my mothers illness and he is always looking for kitchen gadgets that makes work a little easier for them . He bought a Good Grip peeler either through a magazine ar a store . He liked it so much he thought I ought to have one . I love my potato peeler and matching paring knife . I think these are the most comfortable kitchen tools that anyone could use .
 I LOVE this peeler . I have told everyone I know to buy this peeler . It works wonderfully and it peels very quickly . I am lefthanded and have always had a terrible time peeling anything , even with the so-called `` lefthanded '' peelers . This one works great for either hand . The knife is great too and for the price you just ca n't beat it !
 OXO products are WONDERFUL - my kitchen is full of their utensils ! This peeler/parer set is great , especially a great gift for a shower gift or house warming present -LRB- I know it sounds silly , but I 've done it and they were the hit of the party ! -RRB- . This cost is EXTREMLY good , too . You wo n't find such comfortable , reliable , stylish cookware for such a great price . Obviously , I highly recommend !
 Until you try these , you wo n't realize how poorly most kitchen implements are designed . I bought there not long after I bought my Oxo can opener , and I 'm slowly buying all their tools . The peeler in particular is a wonder . Unlike most peelers , it does n't cut into your palm or slip , and it seems to just glide over cucumbers .
 After getting the paring knife as a wedding present , I fell in love with oxo 's handles . For mother 's day last year , I purchased this set for my mother and my mother-in-law . Both have small hands and greatly appreciated their ease of use .
 When I am visiting friends and family members , I often bring along one of these OXO kitchen peeler/parer sets because I sometimes find that other people 's paring knives and peelers are too dull . This knife blade is large enough to do most paring , chopping , and slicing tasks for an ordinary meal , and the peeler works well , too . I 've found that people with arthritis are delighted to discover this excellent OXO set .
 The handles on both the items make them very comfortable to use ; but one does have to get used to them . Initially , they seem a little bulky in the hand , but after some time , that is what makes them so comfortable . The peeler , especially , is way better than the other -LRB- routine -RRB- peelers I 've had and it has a niftly tip that works well on potato-eyes . I use them almost everyday , and both have stayed sharp and without problems in the few weeks I 've had them .
 i live all the oxo products they help make kitchen work more efficient . i like them both . and use them often .
 i am from UK , had this product when i lived there , also have osteo and rheumatoid arthritis , this is a great product , very high quality materials used
 I am consistently amazed at the high quality and low price of all the OXO kitchen products . Though I like heftier knives , this peeler is the best . The only caveat is that it takes a little getting used to the `` direction of peel '' - towards you , but once you do get used to it -LRB- a couple of carrots should suffice -RRB- you 'll never go back to the classic at your mother 's house .
 I bought this set when I first moved into my apartment , as I 've been a fan of the Good Grips products for a while now . This set is absolutely indespensible , as I use these tools almost every day.Peeler
 Hi ! I bought this set soon after I began having problems with my hands about four years ago . I thank my lucky stars that I did ! I later discovered I had rheumatoid arthritis , so these kitchen tools have been a Godsend . The peeler especially has made it possible for me to be able to cook many things I had simply given up on previously . I had experienced so much pain before due to peelers which required too much force to use , partly due to dull blades and rigid blade formats . This peeler is so sharp , and is so clever with its freely swiveling motion , that it peels smoothly and swiftly ; if anything , one almost has to pay attention not to remove too much when peeling because it * is * so effortless ! The paring knife is splendid also . For me , with my arthritis , the handles on both tools are really beautifully designed , and enable me to cook even on some of my worst days . I always handwash my utensils and have never had any problems with rust , as some reviewers have mentioned , and both utensils have remained very sharp all these years . These were the first OXO tools I bought , and I was so enamored that I have since bought more . I would probably buy the whole OXO line if I were rich enough ! I am pleased that somebody thought of people with arthritis -- and good design in general -- at long last .
 I have had numerous peelers and all of them would hurt my hand after peeling a few potatoes . Not anymore because I bought an OXO Good Grip . This is hands down the best peeler I 've ever owned . I can now peel a whole bag of potatoes without pain in my hands . I would recommend this brand to anyone .
 OXO has designed hand tools for those who have disabilities of the hand . Whether it is arthritis or some other ailment , if you can gently hold the tool , the tool will work for you . As a bonus , the Oxo line is stunning in its simplicity . The tools lay in your hand and you could probably use them in the dark . They had to be designed by engineers because they work and feel so good . These are the last peeler and parer you will ever need . Throw out the old flimsy peeler . These tools are dynamic , rugged , beautiful and functional . If you want to try them out , go to the kitchen store in the mall nearest you . You should be astounded by the stunning simplicity and functionality of these tools ! You might want to wrap up a few in some beautiful ribbon for a holiday gift and give them to a relative or friend with arthritis . They will love you for it . Finally , the price is right . Highly , highly recommended .
 As a person who enjoys prep cooking , I would highly recomend this product . It provides hours of use without the discomfort of traditional tools .
 This is the best peeler/parer you can buy . The large , rubbery handle makes it easy to hold , without slipping . My OXO peeler/parer has lasted me for many years of almost daily use .
 You know how when you find a brand that consistently serves you well , you stick with it ? That 's how I feel about OXO International products . And this bargain priced set of paring knife and peeler is no exception.I especially am amazed by the peeler . The swivel action of the blades skims potato skins like fine silk , leaving you unwasted meat of the spud . And those pesky ` lil eyes ? -- poof , disappear with the nifty corer OXO provides . On carrots , this peeler is a dream . Perfect while making my favorite carrot cake or getting a veggie tray prepared . I 've even tried it on firm tomatoes -- absolutely perfect for stewing or canning.Good products from a good company . OXO 's health concerns have won them awards from the Arthritic foundation . But you do not have to be hurting to enjoy these . In fact , they just feel good in your hands and work great .
 I 'm a very finicky chef , but I have found that the OXO peeler -LRB- I have n't used the parer much -RRB- , is unbelieveable . It reduces the time needed to peel anything -LRB- from an apple to a pear to a cucumber -RRB- to just seconds ! Its so fast , like another user said , it just seems to glide over the fruit or vegetable . I am truly impressed .
 I love both of these items , but especially the knife . It is extremely comfortable to use and makes chopping and cutting vegetables so much easier .
 I give these as gifts regularly . I have had mine for about eight years , and the knife is still as sharp as ever .
 For me the star of the show here is the parer . Do n't get me wrong the peeler is great , I just do n't use it that much since I try to keep the skin on my fruits and veggies as much as possible for the added nutrition . The parer on the other hand I use multiple times every day . I do n't know what some of the other reviewers are doing to their knives but I 've had the one almost three years and it still looks and works great . I use it so much that I tend to wash it by hand but I have run it through the dishwasher without a problem . You really are supposed to wash and dry all non-serrated knives by hand though .
 OXO paring knives are getting hard to find . . a HUGE unfortunateness !! This set , with its cushioned handles and stay-sharp blades is ideal for marathon applesauce making , or mashed potatos for dinner . The paring knife size is ideal for me and the handles are especially kind to arthritis-y fingers .
 I do not understand the negative reviews . Thanks goodness I did not pay much attention to them when I ordered , as I would have missed out on a great value with this set.The peeler is effortless and smooth as silk to use , peeler away from you normally . Great control and the blade is sharp as can be , making a carrot easy work . The paring knife is sharper than my brand new Victorinox 8-inch knife . Cuts through carrots and onions easily and with the barest effort.The handles are typically Oxo
 These work as well as I expect from OXO . Good quality and easy to use .
 I really like this set . The nice is practical for everyday use . I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers . It is much easier to hold . It is great for carrots , potatoes , chocolate for fondue , etc. . This knife is great to use on just about anything . Whether it 's slicing an apple or cutting a sandwich in half .
 I really like this set . The nice is practical for everyday use.PEELERI like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers . It is much easier to hold . It is great for carrots , potatoes , chocolate for fondue , etc.KNIFEThis knife is great to use on just about anything . Whether it 's slicing an apple or cutting a sandwich in half .
 This is a great fork for turning chicken or vegetables when you 're cooking them . It 's sharp and has an easy to hold handle . The handle is not real long so it 's easy to use for simple tasks .
 MOM AND I BEGAN THE SEARCH FOR A THREE-TINE COOKING FORK OVER 14 YEARS AGO WHEN HER LAST FORK GAVE UP THE GHOST . MOM WAS DISTRAUGHT . EVERY , AND I MEAN EVERY , STORE I WENT INTO I ALWAYS CHECKED FOR A THREE-TINE COOKING FORK . MOM GAVE UP A LONG TIME AGO BUT I KEPT UP THE SEARCH , EVEN WHILE LIVING IN GERMANY . I NEVER FOUND ONE . MEANWHILE , MOM MADE DO WITH THE NEW TWO-TINE FORKS AND THEY BIT THE DUST WITH REGULARITY . ONE DAY , WHILST I WAS WHILING AWAY THE HOURS IN AMAZON.COM , I CHECKED MY NEWEST FAVORITE TAB , KITCHEN AND WAS ASTONISHED TO FIND THE QUEST ... THE GRAIL ... THE THREE-TINED FORK . NO TIME PASSED BEFORE IT WAS IN MY MOM 'S HANDS AND YOU COULD HEAR THE FIBER OPTICS HUM WITH HER GLEE WHEN SHE EMAILED HER THANKS TO ME . THANK YOU AMAZON !
 It 's Lenox . Do you expect any less than wonderful ? Beautiful fabric , vibrant colors . Easy to wash and iron . Good deal .
 This was spectacular tablecloth on my table at Christmas , was beautiful and elegant , I love , I recommend an excellent acquisition
 Lovely tablecloth with jacquard and X'mas inspired ribbon design all around . It indeed lends a festive touch to the dining area and I wish I had ordered the napkins ! It is good enough to be used not only for X'mas but right through the New Year .
 My daughter in law loves it ! It goes perfectly with her china . Described exactly the way it is . Would recommend it in a heartbeat .
 it is very elegant and made my Christmas table look very festive . I am most pleased with the selection . It also washed up very nicely
 This is a beautiful tablecloth . My daughter-in-law loves butterflies , so I wanted to get her something special for Christmas . She was very pleased to get this gift . It was delivered well before Christmas . Great service !
 It is so hard to find an Oval tablecloth at the store , so it was a risk to not see the material - although I know that Lenox is a good brand . It is really much prettier on my table than in the picture . I love it !
 It is difficult to find Oval table cloths , this one worked perfectly for our Dining Room table , and it looks great
 This table cloth is beautiful , we just moved to the country and it looks great on our formal dining room table . I make sure I remove it before we eat . I do not want it to get stained . It is a wonderful gift to give anyone .
 Lovely compliment to any holioday lenox china that has the gold trim . I have Winter Greetings , but this compliments Holiday and other patterns , too . Non-christmas enough to use for other festive occassions - just golden metallic holly leaves and berries on an ivory background . The ivory background color co-ordinates with all classic Lenox ivory vases or china . If you love leaf patterns , you 'll enjoy this.I recieved many compliments on this tablecloth when entertaining .
 I purchased the Lenox Butterfly Meadow tablecloth and when it arrived , I was absolutely amazed at how beautiful it is . It is much more vibrant in color than in the picture and the material is very lovely . It almost looks like white satin or silk in some areas . It truly is beautiful . I know I keep repeating muself but it truly is.I used it for the first time 2 weeks ago and I had some people over . One of my friends looked at it , stopped in her tracks , and after 30 seconds or so of silence , said , `` this matches my dishes '' . I laughed and said , yes , it is Lenox . She asked where I purchased it and if it was expensive and I filled her in on details . She just could n't get over it.All that is the positive side . Now for the negative and this is why I gave it only 4 stars instead of 5 . I washed it and followed the manufacturer 's instructions to the letter . However , I was a little disappointed that it did not look as great after washing as it did before . Anotherwords , it was a little wrinkly and the edges were curled . It looked as if it needed a cool or warm iron to touch it up . Maybe that is the case . I just thought it would be wrinkle proof.But it is still gorgeous , looks fantastic on the table , and I would buy it again , but maybe in a larger size for when I opened my dining room table to be larger.So , all in all , I would still recommend it and I would buy it again .
 If there were more stars I 'd give this a 10 out of 10 ! I decided to change my Christmas theme this year & was quite impressed by what I saw on line . I can only say this tablecloth exceeded my expectations 100 % . The quality is premium and the pattern is lovely . I also bought the table runners and some fingertips towels to match & visitors keep commenting how great they all look.Can ' t wait to get more stuff in this pattern .
 I was worried that the white would be hard to keep clean since I have two children who still make a mess when they eat . I used it through the holiday season and it still looks brand new . It is a beautiful tablecloth and it is a good quality one . I love it .
 I purchased the Lenox `` Holiday Nouveau '' 70 '' round tablecloth to coordinate with several Lenox Holiday Nouveau serving pieces . Crafted of 58 % cotton , 42 % polyester and machine-washable -LRB- cold water with like colors -RRB- , the ivory-on-ivory holly leaves catch the light and make the tablecloth shimmer , while the tartan ribbon is accented with holly and berries . Be sure to pick up the matching napkins for a gorgeous presentation !
 The colors are beautiful . It is nicely made and fully reversable for that quick sprucing up for the unexpected visitor .
 I bought 3 sizes of the Golden Holiday tablecloth and matching place mats . I also purchased 2 sizes of the Holiday Nouveau tablecloth plus a runner and matching place mats . At first I did n't like the Golden Holiday as it appeared in the package , but once it is on the table , it REALLY is quite attractive . It is the one I keep on the table unless there is a formal dinner . The Nouveau is beautiful in the package and on the table . I use it for more formal gatherings . Both of course go great with my Lenox Golden Holiday dishes . It is simple elegance that ties in well w / Queen Anne styled furniture . I am careful to wash them separately on the gentle cycle , medium setting on the dryer , and lightly touch up w / an iron to remove the creases . Thus far I 've been lucky all food mishaps have come clean . The fabric quality and craftsmanship is high so it justifies the early season discounted sale prices which now are considerably lower , but I would not have paid the listed price on the package . I have yet to be disappointed in anything Lenox and I own numerous pieces . Some are concerned about the quality of the products being made in China vs. USA , but I have not noticed any decrease in quality . Happy holidays !
 I am VERY PLEASED with my new tablecloth !!! It is almost a 3-D look with the various colored flowers and butterflies ! Very elegant on my Ethan Allen dining room table , too . The nice thing is it also matches my decor and tabletop flowers . I would recommend the Lenox Butterfly tablecloth to ANYONE who wants to set a beautiful table ; it washes and dries wrinkle-free . THAT is a bonus !!
 A very nice tasteful table cloth Washed very well and looked just as good after the washer as it did coming out of the box . Will use it for many Christmas 's to come
 This product made a perfect gift for my mother . My mother love it . The quality is great . The only downside is that is was a little too small other than that everthing was great , not mention the quick delivery .
 Bought these to replace the holiday tablecloths I purchased elsewhere that were only half their original size when removed from the dryer . These are easy to launder , look great , and really do sell for much more elsewhere .
 Cruising through my table dressings trying to find inspiration for a bridal shower I found this pattern in a couple of placemats . Soft , Spring/Summer colors and feminine flower designs make this perfect for this special occasion . Lenox table coverings can not be bested in design and quality . Will also be using another Lenox table clothLenox Opal Innocence 60-by-120-Inch Oblong / Rectangle Tablecloth , Whitethat really dresses up a formal table .
 My Grandchildren always love to come to grammies for family diner , In todays busy world having a tablecloth , candles , and flowers is very special memory .
 Very pretty , very elegant , pure cream with gold embroidary though , no green or red in it
 The quality and price ca n't be beat . Great way to start Xmas shopping .
 This tablecloth is just beautiful and washes like a dream . It spans Spring and Summer , no problem , so it is versatile . My only beef ? I wish that it did n't shrink a little . I have a wierd size table , and it was perfect when I first bought it , but after washing it is a bit short on the `` long '' end , and shorter , but not a problem on the `` shorter '' sides . My dream is that tablecloth manufacturers preshrink their cloths so that the finished size is the one that I can trust . Anyway , this is possibly the most beautiful tablecloth I own , goes well with a variety of everyday dishes and fine china , and washes up beautifully with messy kid eaters . It 's made me consider the matching napkins !
 This is a very pretty tablecoth , The colors are so pretty . I 'm really pleased with this .
 I own the complete set of Lenox Holiday China , serving pieces , and many of the accessories . The Holiday Nouveau tablecloth , table runner , napkins , and napkin rings are the perfect finish for an impressive dining room . My guests were in awe of how beautiful the china and linens matched . My family and I were so awestruck at the elegance of the room that we decided to use it as the backdrop for our Christmas photos . All of my Lenox , including my linens , will become memories that will far outlast my lifetime . But remember , if you buy it - use it ! Lenox is meant to be used and enjoyed .
 Beautiful table cloth . I ordered the 70 inch round cloth just to decorate a small table . This table cloth would go with most table top Christmas decor . The red is not bright as someone mentioned in another review . Beautiful nonetheless !
 This product was of high quality and even nicer then I expected . Would highly recommend it to anyone .
 This was far more beautiful than I imagined by the picture . It is very nice quality fabric and washes up easily . No ironing !
 I was looking for Christmas Tablecloths that were conservative and to be able to use 2 in an area that the cloths would not overwhelm the area . Amazon had the largest selection and had just the tablecloths that solved my problem . The cloths were on sale , I ended up paying less for 2 cloths than the retail price of one !!!
 Tablecloth is very well made and was the finishing touch to our dining room table for the holidays .
 This was our second Lenox tablecloth with this design . It is a beautiful tablecloth for A Christmas Dinner setting . However , I found that the luster in the gold ribbon design wore off after just one laundering . It has faded to a dull brown . The tablecloth was laundered according to instructions including air drying instead of using an electric dryer .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister , who absolutely loves it . I am sooo pleased that I found this .
 This tablecloth was prettier than pictured , good quality material . Purchased for a family holiday dinner . My grandson spilled a glass containing red wine on it on it 's first use . I was able to get the stain out and it washed up beautifully
 70 &#34; round tablecloths are hard to find . This holiday tablecloth was more beautiful than the picture ; damask materials launders very well and does not need ironing . Lovely !
 This was great for the holidays . Comes in a variety of sizes and napkins too . I opted to use solid colored dark green napkins and the combo was great .
 I owned this for my large dining room table and bought this one for my kitchen table . It was beautiful having the two rooms coordinated .
 The tablecloth fit beautifully . Napkins are a great size . Good quality and easy to clean . Many complements from family and guests .
 showed up on time , lovely fits my round table well both when it is small and when it is extended to full size
 This tablecloth was everything I had expected and more . The colors are very vibrant and the gold trim is very shiny . My Christmas dishes looked wonderful on it and we received a lot of compliments . I have not washed it yet so do not know how it will stand up to that , but everything else about this tablecloth is worth every penny . I am sad to have to put it away until next holiday season .
 I have this tablecloth on my kitchen table for Christmas . It is beautiful . I just happened to see it on Amazon one day and I really loved it , so I sent for it . I 've had so many remark 's about it from different people , they asked me where I got it and I told them Amazon . They could n't believe it , because they did n't realize Amazon sold products like this .
 I was amazed by the quality of it and its water beading feature ! I will never have to look for another table cloth and I believe this piece will last a long time . Definitely worth the money .
 Really beautiful and elegant and affordable . Crisp design , perfect hems . An heirloom to pass down through your family . This design comes in many different sizes , and matching napkins . Lenox has always been known for its perfection , and this tablecloth and its napkins fit that profile perfectly .
 I just had to have this & it was worth the buy ! Still going strong , love it ! will buy again if need to .
 This tablecloth will adorn my holiday table at this year 's Christmas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , so I have n't yet used it . But after taking it out of the packaging I noticed the 100 % cotton material felt soft yet durable , exactly what I would expect from Lenox . The red plaid design will go easily with any holiday decorations and table settings , without being overly fussy or distracting . Excited to create new , festive holiday meals to serve on this tablecloth !
 70 &#34; round is just perfect for my table . Whenever I get tired of fall & winter things I put on the Butterfly meadow linens & I feel better .
 This is a replacement cloth for one I have had for years . I do n't see it one Lenox 's web site so I was afraid they stopped making it . It is the basis for a beautiful holiday table and I wanted to make sure I had it available for years to come . Mine was well used and getting a little faded from the years of use . I have gotten compliments from some very critical people -LRB- yes , I do n't know why I invite them either as it kills them to give a compliment but with the way I decorate they just ca n't help themselves !!!! Secretly , I love it !!!! -RRB- The best part of this order was the service . I literally ordered in on Monday at 10 AM and had it on my doorstep the next day , by 10 AM ! I could n't have found it in a store any quicker ! Great company to deal with .
 I got what I paid for , a pretty , whimsical tablecloth that is perfect for spring and summer . I love it .
 The best price around on the Lenox butterfly table cloth . It is beautiful and well made . If you are looking for a table cloth with beautiful butterflies . . this is the one that will do . Nice for Easter , nice for Spring .
 The tablecloth is beautiful and looks so nice on my table . Also ordered the table runner and isequally as nice . I would recommend this to anyone who wants a festive table .
 Just what I was looking for . Very good quailty . Very fair price . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This tablecloth is beautiful . What a deal.If you like to entertain it really makes a great look for your dining room . I would recommend this product to anyone who loves the holidays .
 Anything by Lenox - you ca n't go wrong !!! This tablecloth is lovely and will never '' go out of style '' . And what a big savings on Amazon.com !!!!! You will pay 2-4x the price in a retail department store !!!
 This tablecloth was a beautiful addition to our kitchen holiday decor.It was a very well made , quality item .
 This tablecloth is exactly what we were looking for . After running all over town to various stores we found what we wanted on Amazon .
 This a very nice table cloth . I used the coordinating Holiday Gatherings runner on top of it as an accent . If you are not looking for a bright red table cover , this is not the one for you . The red is vivid but pleasant .
 I bought this for Easter dinner and it was beautiful . It washes well and does n't need ironing . I t is a good choice .
 So glad I could replace my old tablecloth at a reasonable price ! I absolutely love this print !! I especially am grateful to have found it in a oval size which is much harder to do !
 This tablecloth is the foundation for setting an elegant looking table . It is durable and is machine washable and dries with few wrinkles if removed from the dryer immediately .
 I always wanted this tablecloth because it is so pretty and elegant . I finally bought it because the price was right . I love it !! It fits great and I get a lot of compliments on it .
 This is the third type of Lenox Holiday Nouvou item I have purchased
 Very pleased with this tablecloth . The fabric washes well and needs little ironing . The colors are bright and cheerful and fit well with my decor . The size fits my table well-not too much overhang on the sides or ends . I have an old -LRB- antique -RRB- table and some tablecloths are skimpy with the overhang on the sides but this one is fine .
 this is a very beautiful table cloth . i have a small round table with 2 chairs , it is for a long round table and it hangs over the sides . but it is high end no doubt . . love it , my grand daughter loves it ... it will be in the family for years to come .
 this hit the spot for my Christmas party the table looked so festive and beautiful . The night got a little crazy and some knocked over a full glass of wine . I trusted the product so I let it sit on the table for a couple of hours then after my dinner party left i sprayed shout on it and let it soak overnight and I washed right out . Looks great
 I am very pleased with my new Christmas tablecloth.It arrived promptly , packaged well and I wouldorder again . Cheers ,
 This very long 60 x 120 '' table cloth -LRB- $ 31 -RRB- is absolutely beautiful ! It wo n't take much effort to make my table look like I spent a fortune . I will set it with my white dinnerware , a 10 '' fake wreath w/red & green bow -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- that will surround a large piller LED candle -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- ... some greenery coming from each side -LRB- clipped from tree . . free -RRB- and I will have a georgeous table to celebrate on for years at under $ 50 ! I am going to also get the 70 '' round size $ 29 -RRB- because it is so beautiful and so inexpensive and my table without leaves is round.Hint . . by using the LED Flicker candles and an artific1al greans you will have a beautiful , safe , afffordable and re-usable table decor to use for many years to come .
 At first I was keeping this for good , but it washes up so nice and looks so fresh and inviting on the table , I use it a lot . Stains -LRB- wine and spaghetti sauce -RRB- have come out in the wash with no problem , so even with the grandkids , I do n't put it away !
 This is so pretty for spring . It was a great buy . I love it . I love changing up my table for seasons ...
 It 's better than expected . Beautiful , elegant , soft . I love this . You can use it for any occasion , holiday , or normal days . It adds some art in your room .
 And it washed very easily ... spilled red wine on it & it washed out . Drapes beautifully and covered my old , tired table quite nicely !
 Beautiful tablecloth ! Perfect Christmas design
 This is a quality tablecloth that looks great on the table and washes well . I have used it for several Christmas dinnersand it still looks wonderful .
 Looks great for the Christmas season ... Good quality ... Does what it is supposed to do cover the table and look good.Hmmm I guess that 's it .
 Looked beautiful for all my holiday entertaining ! I put it on my glass top round table and what a change it made ... very festive !
 Perfect for my Holiday table . I received many compliments.I also ordered matching napkins.I was a little surprised and disappointed that the detail was stamped on . Beautiful never the less . . its a keeper .
 Perfect , just what I wanted . Will be great on table next Christmas . I have shower curtain and bath accessories also in this design .
 Not only perfect for Christmas Day , but we enjoyed it being on the dining table for the whole Christmas season . There are many beautiful pieces such that everything you 'd ever want or need to set a perfect Christmas table is available -LRB- check eBay , thrift stores , friends - I borrowed dinner plates this year and found a 16 &#34; platter on Rue La La for a good discount -RRB- . Washes up nice ; clean and no shrinkage . -LRB- You 'll need to iron it , though . -RRB- The picture does n't come close to capturing the weight , sheen , and overall high quality you 'd expect from the Lenox name.Purchase this as a foundational Christmas table piece and build up your collection as you can and put this pattern on your Christmas wish list when you 're at a loss as to what to tell family members you 'd like.Consider giving this as a wedding gift with a platter to match to start a couple 's life of entertaining for Christmas together in style .
 This citrus knife is very easy to use . The blade is longer than most making it easy to segment the largest grapefruit with ease and the ` Good Grips ' handle is , like all the company 's products , very comfortable in the hand .
 I enjoy grapefruit on a regular basis and find this knife to be an efficient , handy tool . It does the job along with the grapefruit spoons I ordered . I recommend this item without hesitation . The delivery was prompt and everything was safely packaged .
 This is a good , effecient grapefruit knife . The curve is a good angle and it 's quite sharp .
 I give this knife 5 stars . Over the years I 've purchased this knife about four times . I 'm kinda scared of knives and this is one that is very comfortable in the hand . The handle is rubberized hence the name `` good grips . '' As I stated before I 've bought this one over and over and will probably purchase a longer one in the `` Good Grips '' product line . I 've used it to cut onions , make chicken strips , slice meatloaf . If you need a good all-round knife this is it .
 I reviewed this before but now I have bought three of them because they are so nice in the hand . My daughter in law coveted mine so she gets the third as a Christmas present -LRB- not the only one ! -RRB-
 I love all the good grips products , I got this for my mom , who has athritis , and its great for her !
 this is one of the most fantastic products for cooks suffering from arthritis or not . Easy handling , very ergonomic . Have bought this for all my European friends who are all enthused
 This has become my very favorite utility knife in the very short time I 've owned it . It 's a sort of long parer , but it works . It 's least good as a bread knife , but performed rather well . Many people will find it quite useful .
 I have so many knives from the cheapo to the pricey in my kitchen , it 's not funny . It 's like that hoarding show , but in a knife situation . But lately , I just keep grabbing three for my uses , and this is one of them . This little serrated knife just cuts well for those small tasks that accumulate in a day 's worth of kitchen duty . Tomatoes , citrus fruits , etc , the things that can be small annoying tasks with some knives , ya know?It makes me happy to use it . The handle is so comfy -LRB- I have an arthritic thumb , so I appreciate the way it 's designed -RRB- . Lovely . Love it . Want another !!!
 This is the best sharp knife I have ever used !!! I 've had one for MANY years and it is as sharp as the day I purchased it !
 This knife is great for slicing tomatoes and is truly dishwasher safe . I usually buy more expensive knives , but this is really a good buy .
 O.K. , so this pepper mill and salt shaker set is n't sleek and shiny . What this set lacks in styling it more than makes up for in function ! I ca n't tell you how much money I 've wasted purchasing pepper mills because they looked so nice . Then , when I used them , they did n't work very well . This OXO Good Grips set is the best functioning set I 've ever used . I 'm even beginning to like the way they look!The pepper mill has an easy to fill chamber , with a large opening . No more dropping the peppercorns one by one into the mill because the pepper mill opening is too small , or struggling trying to use a funnel to fill the chamber . The grind is fully adjustable from very fine to coarse . It is very simple to adjust , too!The salt shaker has a rubber stopper for refilling the shaker . I usually do n't like stoppers as generally they 're hard to pry out of the shaker and hard to get back into the shaker . The stopper on the OXO shaker is large and has an extended tab which makes it very easy to handle.I do n't have any physicial handicap , but I can see where someone who has trouble using their hands would love this set ! I have thoroughly enjoyed it .
 I have two autoimmune diseases , which impact my joints . Cooking is difficult to say the least ! I have used other OXO products with success . The OXO salt and papper mill set is easy for me to grasp and hang on to with my hands . The salt mill has adjustable pours and the handle on the pepper mill allows me the freedom to grind fresh pepper without pain . All I can say is thank you OXO for making my life easier .
 I recommend this set to anyone willing to pay a little more for quality . The peppermill is by far the best I 've ever used and the salt shaker features a flow control that allows 3 levels of output . Both items are intuitively designed and durably constructed .
 I looked around at a lot of grinders in stores and we have 3 that do n't grind well at all settings . What sets OXO apart is the grinding mechanism is wide and deep so that the peppercorns fit completely within the grinding area and so get ground ! Many , many others have shallow sets of teeth so the peppercorns have to be caught by their rough edges -LRB- not all peppercorns are rough -RRB- and hopefully get ground . Too often they pop out of these shallow tooth grinders . These shallow ones must rely on the mass of peppercorns to keep others on the grinding teeth.Not OXO ! The deep grinding jaws do the trick - peppercorns ca n't escape , even the smooth ones . 2 months of flawless grinding so far . Oooooh , fresh pepper smells so good .
 I ordered this set for someone for Christmas and decided to get them for myself as well . I 'm so glad I did . The pepper mill is so easy to use , grinds the pepper well and has a nice cover on the bottom to prevent those little pepper trails on the table . The salt shaker is good because it has 3 different size openings and can also be closed to prevent salt from hardening in the humid weather . Great set for the price . I 'm a new OXO fan .
 These are great ! Easy to use and I love the look of them . Everyone in our family especially likes to use the pepper grinder , it 's great fun ! I highly recommend these .
 I am addicted to pepper , I love it on everything . Recently I bought a pepper ball and it was okay . Well , that was until I went to my Grandmas and used her OXO grinder . This thing is amazing ! I love my pepper ground very fine and this does it with ease . With one turn I have the same amount that the pepepr ball would give me in 20 ... This is better than expensive grinders and at a fraction of the price . Also , Amazon has this set for the cheapest anywhere else . I looked around and you will not be able to find it any cheaper , but even if it was triple the price , it is still worth more .
 Love this salt & pepper set !! Fully adjustable fine to course grinder ; it even has a bottom cap to keep the grinder mechanism clean . Love the 4 option opening for the salt shaker
 I love my OXO salt and pepper shaker ! I have several different pepper grinders , but my OXO grinder is by far the best . Because of the crank handle , it grinds pepper faster than any of my other grinders , with not nearly the effort needed with other grinders . I 've had it for over three years now , and it still works great . Friends who have used it love it -- I have even given this set as a Christmas gift . I ca n't say enough good things about it !
 I looked around forever for a solution to my `` pepper on the counter '' problems . I found only two really good , practical solutions -- this set , with a cap that covers the pepper grinder when not in use was the better option . The other was to buy the new disposible pepper grinders at the grocery store where the grinder is on the top .
 I 'd never used a ricer before - best , smoothest mashed potatoes ever first time out ! This ricer is super sturdy imo . It was n't expensive . I ca n't wait to make perfect gnocchi with it .
 Always wanted one of these . This one works fine . Mashed potatos came out perfectly at Thanksgiving . Easy clean-up , I just put it in the dishwasher . I will use this alot .
 Bought as a gift for my husband - he loves it and now wants to make mash potatoes , etc every chance he gets . Works great - easy to clean - so fast it does n't matter that its a bit small . Glad I didnt ` get sucked into paying almost $ 40 at William Sonoma for their version . May be a bit bigger but this one works great - made mash for 6 in matter of minutes . Gnocchi is next !
 I 've owned this for a little over a year now , and have played with it many times . It 's got a fantastic handle , can be used for multiple things in the kitchen -LRB- though I 've usually used it to make the creamiest ever Mashed Potatoes -RRB- and has the easiest clean-up . I 'm thrilled with this little gadget .
 I 've had this stainless steel ricer for over a year now , and it looks as good now as it did when it came new . Great product !
 Purchased uneventfully , delivered promptly . Made great quick easy mashed potatoes the first time out , with no specialized training necessary . Ca n't wait to try using it to make hash browns .
 This was a gift for my sister-in-law . She was thrilled with it ! It has a nice long handle , which was what she was looking for , and it is a nice size and has a nice feel , as do many Good Grips products .
 This product is just what I needed for a special dish I wanted to make for my family . Works great the potatoes are mashed perfectly no lumps .
 I used it for mashed potatoes for Christmas dinner . I had quite a pile of potatoes and went through them in a jiffy . The riced potatoes are excellent .
 My 20 year old son has found a new toy . He thinks it is the best thing ever invented . Highly recommend . The last time we had mashed potatoes , we were able to cut down on the amount of milk and butter added . The OXO Potato Ricer makes the potatoes lite and fluffy , with no lumps . Highly recommended .
 I love the OXO Good Grips line in general and am so ahppy with this purchase . I completely agree with the other reviewers about the beautiful , fluffy mashed potatoes this makes . So nice to use less milk ! It also makes wonderful baby food with fresh sweet potatoes and bananas . Dishwasher safe as well : -RRB-
 Thank goodness for Curtis Stone !! I first learned of this kitchen tool through his show and love it !
 I 've never used a ricer , so I had lumps similar to using a squiggly potato masher my first time using it . Here 's what I 'll do differently next time : - Boil 1-2 minutes longer than when the cubes are `` just soft '' . - Fill the metal container only half full - I filled 3/4 full and had lots of top-overflow . - Squeeze into a different bowl , scraping any top-overflow into the container with the cubes , so I can remash it.My first time , I squeezed the potatoes into the same container that held the boiled potato cubes thinking I could keep them mash and cubes separate - I was wrong . I also scraped the top-overflow into the same container as well . Hopefully filling it only half full will resolve the overflow issue , but if not , at least putting the overflow back into the cubes container will allow me to remash it easier.Even with the lumps , hubby said the taste and texture was a lot better than potato flakes . I had no difficulties using it , as my fingers are somewhat long for a female . Arthritic , very weak , or small handed people might find it challenging , especially if they boil the cubes until just soft .
 Easy to use . Easy to clean as it is stainless . Perfect for potatoes , tomatoes , and apple sauce prep ! Fast , easy and not messy .
 I did n't know such a device excised until now . It grates the boiled potatoes with ease . It is excellent for making mash potatoes that are extra creamy with no chunks . If you like boxed potatoes because they are creamy , this product is the perfect healthy alternative .
 This potato ricer is a very sturdy , dependable product . Rices potatoes quickly and easily , easy to work with and to clean . It is also fabulous for `` ricing '' bananas for banana bread . Terrific product !
 She loved this and said she ca n't wait to use it . She said it will be one kitchen device she will use a lot .
 Bought this as a gift for my mother as she always wanted one and could n't find one locally . Lets just say wish i would have boughten one sooner ! Its fun to use for me -LRB- her son and I dont enjoy cooking , lol -RRB- and it creates the fluffiest lightest mashed potatoes ever . Would recommend to anyone . Quality is top notch . 1 year of use and its going strong .
 I did not imaging there was a ricer until I saw this on a Martha Stewart cooking show . She was showing off some monster size ricers . However I always choose `` OXO Good Grips '' as the tool of choice.So far just did the mashed potato thing . This works well however a good old fashioned masher works as well for me . Now I see for other reviews that there are more uses and a whole new world is opening for me and my ricer .
 For starters , this gadget succeeds at doing the job for which it was designed better than just about any other kitchen tool I have tried except for a very sharp large kitchen knife.And , it has all the features which have made OXO Good Grips products the best selling and best reviewed line of kitchen gear.I held out buying one of these little darlings for a long time , as I already owned a food mill which is entirely capable of doing the same job with about the same level of success . And , this 18/10 stainless steel gem is not the cheapest gizmo in the gadget drawer.I was swayed from this alternative by the fact that a food mill is a pain in the neck to retrieve from its high shelf , assemble , and then clean , although if I am cooking for a crowd , I may still use it , as it can do much more spud crushing in a shorter time than the Ricer.I was also deterred by the possible lack of ` multi-tasking ' ability until I saw TV chefs sqeeze water out of cooked spinach and lots of other leafy goodness.My last basis for procastination is the fact that I thought the design with a selection of different hole plates -LRB- very much like the food mill -RRB- would be a better option to OXO 's ` unibody ' construction . But , I gave in here too , since I could n't locate a good model with this feature.Well , now I have this one and I used it and it produces truly primo mashed potatoes WITHOUT creating gummy spud paste.If you make mashed potates more than once a month , buy this beauty !
 Well , you could use a traditional masher and it would probably work just as well , take up less space , save you money , etc. . But it would n't be this awesome!Mashing potatoes and sweet potatoes and anything else you might care to mash is real fun with this gadget ... it 's like using one of those Play-dough sci-fi masher-crusher goo-maker things when you were a gid . Plus , it cuts down on all the time and effort a thorough mashing usually involves . Just squeeze the handle and the potato comes out completely mashed . It looks a little funny until you mix it around ; but with one quick swipe of a spoon or form and you 've got the world 's most perfect mashed potatoes.If you peel the potatoes first then the ricer will be a little easier to clean later ... but I 've found it 's easiest to NOT peel the potato , because the ricer will leave most of the peel behind for you -- saving you all the peeling time . And if you want to through the peel back in , then that works great too.This thing is not a necessary item for the kitchen , by any means , but it 's one of my favorite kitchen items none the less . I do n't have -LRB- or need -RRB- a baby , but I 'd agree with the other reviews here that it 'd make for a great baby-food maker . But more importantly , I love mashed potatoes , and this thing can knock out SUPERB stuff with a 10th the effort that quality mashed ` tates usually take.NOTE
 Very well made and attractive . It functions without a problem and offers great ergonomics . The consistency of the riced potato is smooth . Easy on the hands and cleans up quickly and thoroughly .
 I 've been wanting a potato ricer for quite a while , and I 'm very happy with my choice . This untensil is very easy to use and clean . I just put my milk and butter in a bowl , and then rice the potatos on top of it . All I have to do is stir gently , and I have the best mashed potatos ever . I have several Oxo items , they are all great .
 I just bought this on a whim I could get other things with free shipping . This funky doohickey has got to be one of the most innovative items i 've ever used . If you love mashed potatoes , this is a must have ! No more dried potato flakes as making mashed potatoes is very very very easy ! Just boil 3-4 potatoes , add 1/2 cup milk and 4 tbsp of butter , and you have amazing mashed potatoes . I also used this to make guacamole too !
 I received this as a Christmas present from my husband -LRB- thanks dear -RRB- and I used it for our mashed potatoes that evening . All I can say is love love love it ! I have carpal tunnel sydrome and sometimes have trouble gripping things but this was n't too hard at all . And the other reviewers are right . The potatoes are smooth and creamy and not a lump in sight ! Works better on potatoes than my kitchenaid stand mixer .
 If you do not like gummy mashed potatoes where you need to do a javolin throw to get them off of the serving spoon , then get one of these . Mashed potatoes are smooth and soft , and only takes 2 minutes to make , as opposed to several minutes of beating with an electric hand mixer.I have also used this to squeeze water out of frozen spinach , and pureeing fruit.It is also easy to clean , and easy to store .
 Call me Martha , but I NEED bumpless mashed potatoes . My mother , who just turned 90 and lives with us , needs them more than I . So for a gag gift , I gave her this for her birthday to replace the one she lost 40 years ago -LRB- she still grieves its loss -RRB- . This ricer is comfortable to hold , requires little pressure , cleans up readily , and is as good as the other items in this line .
 Saw one of these on `` Nigella Bites '' - was intrigued and bought one . Makes the smoothest creamiest mashed potatoes with an absolute minimum of effort . Do n't know how product could be better so 5 stars .
 for those herbalists that cant afford the expensive herbal press ... this is an excellent way to extract herbs . I learned this from another herbalist . Place a cheesecloth or muslin bag inside press , pour herbs inside , close bag and press . . it costs way less and is much easier to clean than an herbal press ... Im thrilled with it .
 I find it hard to imagine how I 've done without a potato ricer all my life ! The Oxo potato ricer is a great size for one to two people -LRB- though it would also work well for a larger crowd on special occasions , it would just take a little longer -RRB- and is well constructed . I found six medium potatoes made a nice bowl of mashed potatoes for two . I did n't mind not having the interchangeable disks , the size of the holes on this ricer were just the perfect size to make nice , fluffy Yukon Gold potatoes . I even threw two cloves of garlic into the pot with the potatoes , then riced them along with the potatoes for a very tasty bowl of garlic potatoes . I 'm seriously impressed with the Oxo potato ricer and highly recommend it !
 Since I have had this potato ricer , I have been making the best mashed potatoes I have ever made . It is a good size and is very easy to use . It is nice and strong , and fits comfortably in my hand .
 I remember seeing my grandmother use a potato ricer and had completely forgotten about them until I saw a beat up one at a garage sale . This one was old and rusty , so I decided to buy a new one instead . I got this Oxo one and am very pleased with the outcome ! I get the ultimate light and fluffy mashed potatoes with this . I have some arthritis and tendonitis in the hands/forearms , so I found this a little hard to use if I filled the hopper clear full . By filling halfway , I did not have as much trouble . The first time I used it I did not peel the potatoes , and I believe this also contributes somewhat to the difficulty in pressing . The next time I peeled the potatoes and found it easier . Also , the peeling tends to clog the holes in the hopper and needs dumping often , which slows down the process . A nice extra is that this Oxo ricer has a small lip that balances on the edge of the bowl so you can steady the ricer much easier than if you had to hold with one hand and press with the other.The ricer is stainless steel , cleans up well , -LRB- I would advise cleaning right away to avoid having potato dry in the holes -RRB- and seems very sturdily made . I held my breath a little at the price , but I do believe it is worth it and would buy this ricer again . It only comes with one permanently mounted screen , but it is perfect for mashed potatoes .
 After reading a recipe on making perfect mashed potatoes , which recommended a ricer , I bought this . And yes , it does make a difference . It is easy to use , one small potato at a time , for a creamy uniform consistency . TIP
 Thanks to the Food Network channel , I now know about ricing potatoes ! After watching the television cooks do it , I decided to try it out for myself and choose this Oxo Good Grips Ricer . I 'm very pleased with my purchase . The size is perfect . Many people have commented that it is too small , but I can get through 5 pounds of potatoes in no time at all . In fact , after the comments about it 's size , I was expecting it to be smaller than it actually was . The handle is comfortable . I do n't usually sit it directly on the bowl or pot when ricing , but you could easily do that if you had trouble gripping the handle and just push down on the lever instead of gripping . My 10 year old son likes to cook with me and he has to use that method -LRB- he ca n't grip it -RRB- . I included a photo so you could see it 's size in relation to my hands . The potatoes come out perfect - no lumps -LRB- although I hear some people actually LIKE lumps ? -RRB- . Anyway , this is a terrific ricer - clean up is easy too . A simple rinse gets most of the potato residue off and then I put it in the dishwasher !
 I bought this ricer originally for making hash browns , and yes , it is the secret to crispy crunchy hash browns ! It works incredibly well for mashed potatoes as well . The cushioned handle is easy on my hands and makes mashing the potatoes quick and fun . It 's the one part of making dinner that everyone wants to get in on . Everyone wants to `` squish '' the potatoes ! If you are looking for a solidly built ricer , you 've found it .
 Once you use the potato ricer , you will never go back to traditional mashed potato methods again . Use that extra time you save to concentrate more on the main dish . Clean up is a breeze . Does not rust in the dishwasher .
 If you want the best , smoothest , creamiest and fluffiest mash potatoes you have to buy a potato ricer . This one is perfect for home cooking . The ricer is simple yet well made , strong and reliable and produces evenly riced potatoes every time . The handle is ergonomically designed so you can repeat the same operation over and over without strain . I fit about two cooked potatoes into the ricer cup with no problem . I primarily purchased the ricer for making mash potatoes but I 'm sure I will use it with vegetables too - mashed root vegetables are a delicious and healthier change from potatoes . I 'm very glad that I finally purchased this ricer , I was tired of using a hand masher and whipping with a electric hand-held mixer and not getting the results that I wanted even after all the work . If you love mash potatoes then a ricer is the way to go .
 Okay , who has room for yet one more kitchen utensil ?!! Seems like those tools in my drawer just multiply over time ... so I finally ordered one of these Oxo potato ricers , and am SO glad I did . My mom never had one of these , nor my mother-in-law . However , I 'd heard they make the most amazing and lightest mashed potatoes ever , so I was in !! -LRB- -LRB- Did I mention NO lumps -RRB- -RRB- Ordered it , had never used one before , AND made the best mashed potatoes ever in my life . My family & friends went on and on about those potatoes !! Life is good . . hey , also , I have a new grand daughter and this thing works great for pureed foods for her ! Get one , you will not regret it . Why spend $ 45 + for one with multiple blades ?!! I 'm not a chef here , just want to be a really good cook ! Works very well , it 's very sturdy , looks good , too !
 Makes great mashed potatoes . Some have complained about it being too hard to squeeze but just make sure your potatoes are cooked and cut into smaller pieces and then do n't overload the ricer and you should have no trouble.Pros
 There may be some variations in manufacturing of this product , but I have n't had the problem some people have had with the food oozing out the sides . It works great - I 've so far used it with yukon gold potatoes , sweet potatoes , carrots and turnips and everything has worked just fine . I like the fluffiness of the vegetables and the fact that they hold together a bit more than if I puree them in a blender or food processor . It leaves a little more integrity to the veggies in a soup or a sauce over pasta or in breads , but still gives a nice soft fluffy texture . Even though it 's fairly small , processing the foods goes pretty quickly and it 's easier to use than the larger ones I 've tried . Easy to clean , dishwasher safe but I usually wash by hand , which is also easy to do . I 've used this every couple of days since I got it and I 'm very fond of it . I have n't found any other way to duplicate the texture this gives , although I have and use a blender , food processor and very nice knives . It is important to know that you need to cook hard veggies to a fairly soft consistency - it wo n't work well with hard -LRB- or extremely firm -RRB- textures . And if you want to let the ricer sort out your peels -LRB- I usually just peel first -RRB- , make sure you put the peel side against the pressure plate so the fleshy bits can come out of the holes .
 I bought this ricer to see if it would work well for persimmons to separate the pulp from the skins . It is great ! Cut the washed and top removed persimmon in quarters , put a quarter in the hopper and press . The skin sticks to the anvil or is on the bottom and the pulp goes into the bowl or up the side inside the hopper . Peel off the skin to throw away , dump the pulp still in the hopper into the bowl and on to the next quarter . Do not try to do too big a piece or you will have trouble with the separation of skin and pulp . The resulting consistency is perfect for baking .
 This is a durable , reliable and essential kitchen tool . I strongly recommend . You ca n't go wrong with this item . All products from this brand are very good .
 Honestly , this little gizmo transforms your potatoes into THE YUMMIEST mashed potatoes ever . I do n't usually want seconds but with this I ca n't help myself until they are gone , and I find myself scrapping the pan afterwards . My family all agree ! Must buy item .
 I like the holes only in the bottom . The potoes do n't spray all over . It takes a good grip and push but it works well .
 This thing works amazingly ! I mashed purple yam paste through it . It came out in very fine texture . Very easy to use and clean too . Great product !
 This makes making mashed potatoes even easier ! The whole family loves how creamy they come out and I love how easy it is ! I want to buy one for eveyone I know who loves mashed potatoes !
 It 's only my husband and me , now that our girls are grown . I wanted something that would do the job , but in less time . This ricer is great . My husband often helps with the cooking and , he was was really impressed with this gizmo . It had great reviews and they were all right about it . It 's heavy duty and really easy to use . It will get a good workout in my kitchen .
 The thing I like about this ricer is that the stem does not give way to firmly cooked potatoes . Other brands you would have to cook the potatoes to almost mush in order for the ricer to work .
 The OXO Potato Ricer is a great kitchen tool that has held up well for the past 6 years of fairly regular use . No unnecessary bells or whistles , this works exactly like it should and is easy to keep clean.We like ours so much that we have given them as gifts to our friends with young children for making baby food.Highly Recommended !
 I used this for the first time for Thanksgiving 2008 and it worked just great ! It squeezes out a little potato around the top when you squeeze , but that does n't bother me . You can only squeeze one medium to large potato at a time due to a small basket ; but if it was much bigger , it would be hard to squeeze it shut . It does take a little arm strength , but put in less potato if you ca n't squeeze it with a large potato in it . If it bothers you to do a little at a time , you would probably want to buy an electronic grinder or such instead of this . My family loved the mashed potatoes and I am very happy with it , especially for the price .
 I 'm ready!This replaces a 30 year old potato masher that is rusted.P.S . The spaetzle recipe worked despite my clumsiness . A few times , the structure of the ricer prevented my overturning the dough or the ricer in my nervousness . This is a very sturdy and well-built ricer .
 IM ON A LOW CARB DIET . ITS HARD TO GET ALL THE LIQUID OUT OF SOME VEGIES . THIS PRESS WORKS WONDERFULL . ITS BIG ENOUGH TO HANDLE A GOOD PORTION . MAKES THE BEST MASHED COLI THERE IS
 I really love the OXO Good Grips line of kitchen tools and this one is no exception . As I 've gotten older , I find I need a little help holding on to essential kitchen tools . By ricing my boiled potatoes , I get a wonderful smooth creamy consistence to my mashed potatoes and it works great on parsnips and cauliflower too !
 Bought this on recommendation from some chefs who say this is the best way to make mashed potatoes . i was a bit skeptical , but after giving it a try , it will be difficult to go back . The device opens up all the way -LRB- 180 degrees -RRB- for cleaning , which is n't too difficult . Your hands do get a workout pushing the potato through , my wife usually gives me this job . But the handles are long enough that it 's not too much of a chore . I 'd definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to try some really light and fluffy mashed potatoes .
 I first bought this to squeeze out the juice from potatoes when making hash browns but its first use was actually making mashed potatoes . For that purpose it works great , mashed potatoes are very fluffy using this and it is very easy to use . My kids love watching me make it and like using it themselves . The plate that mashes down on the potatoes is not a very tight seal so you will have some small amount of potatoes that squeeze through the top part , but it 's OK , I just throw those in with the mashed potatoes as well because they come out mashed . It is pretty easy to clean as well , I just use a strong stream of water into the &#34; cup &#34; and then the other way from outside through the small holes . Then I do a quick wash with dishwashing detergent . Definitely glad I bought this !
 I purchased and used this OXO Good Grips Potato Ricer for the first time this past Thanksgiving to make Tyler Florence 's Velvelt Mashed Potatoes and I have to say that everyone loved the potatoes , and I love this ricer!The ricer was super easy to use -LRB- and dare I say a bit fun ? -RRB- , it holds quite a bit of potato , and rices with minimal effort . My husband and I were fighting over who got to use it first . =-RRB- In no time we had a huge pan of riced potatoes , and with some butter and cream we had the most amazing mashed potatoes for our Thanksgiving dinner . You really can not accomplish the smooth velvety texture of these potatoes without a ricer - I never would have believed it until I tried it.Cleaning is pretty easy , although if you 've left the ricer sitting after use and some of the potatoes have dried on it , you 'll want to let it soak for a bit , and use a good bristle brush to clean down inside where the tiny holes are to make sure you get all the potato out.This is something we 'll be using over and over again for mashed potatoes-not just for big fancy meals , I 'm so glad that I bought it and wish I had sooner .
 this thing works great but is small so beware . if your using it for potatoes then think again unless it 's just for one .
 Bought this solely to fix my hashbrowns -- and it worked ! For years , I 've dealt with soggy , mushy hashbrowns . After some googling , I discovered that this was because there was too much moisture in them , and they were getting steamed instead of pan-fried . Took a long time to bite the bullet to buy a gadget that I 'm likely going to use for only one dish , but it was worth it . My potatoes come out crisp with a nice texture now . It is a quality product , does n't feel cheap at all . So glad I bought it .
 As a mashed potato connoisseur I will attest that nothing produces smoother or more fluffy mashed potatoes than a ricer . So I 'm devoted to this kitchen tool and have n't found a better , or easier to use , model than this OXO Good Grips version , and I 've tried quite a few , including a far more expensive Williams and Sonoma model.At this point I 've had several -- the downside is they do n't last forever -- but I always get two to three years , with very frequent use and dishwashing before needing to replace . -LRB- The stem usually eventually bends or breaks after lots and lots of use . -RRB- For the modest cost , I think that 's a fair amount of use.The hopper is large , but not so big it overfills and the mechanism simple , straightforward and easy to grasp , even if you have smaller hands . I can comfortably , and relatively quickly , mash up to 10 lb . worth of potatoes for a Thanksgiving meal using this device.One of the best perks of a ricer is that you do n't need to peel your potatoes before you mash them . Simply put the cooked potato in the hopper and squeeze and out comes the fluffy `` riced '' potato while the potato skins are left inside and easily scraped into the garbage disposal.A true must have tool for mashed potato fans . I would n't be without it !
 I bought this in 2006 and it still works great and makes the best potatoes . I never use the mixer anymore ! Also I use this little gem on juicing my pomegranites for jelly ! It is great . Put about 1/2 to 3/4 cups seeds in and squish then discard the pulp . I love it !
 The potato ricer is wonderful . I have rheumatoid arthritis and the grip on the handles help me hang on to the ricer . I recommend it to anyone .
 As an average chef , I must say that this kitchen tool is on my list of essentials . Before the OXO potato ricer my mashed potatoes were gummy , and lumpy . It has brought mashed potato making to whole new level . Now they have reached near perfection with just the right amount of creaminess , and no lumps . I can not wait to try this product out on latkes , or gnocchi , or who knows ? Thank you OXO for another great kitchen gadget .
 This is a great item . The best possible mashed potatoes without peeling ! This is high in quality and function . It handles dishwashing with ease . Most highly recommended .
 Riced potatoes are the best . You hardly need to add any cream or butter . This ricer works very well and is very sturdy .
 Actually , small potatoes work best ... but just cut others in half and `` rice away . '' I have arthritis , and I can easily mash a dozen or so potatoes in a couple of minutes . They are smooth and all of the peels collect at the top of the ricer , so I only wipe them away after several squeezes . No `` run off '' out the side as there are only holes at the bottom . SO easy to clean , sink or dishwasher . Handles could be an inch or so longer for more leverage , but this size stores more easily . I 'm ordering several for gifts !
 This is a well made product that works wonderful ! You will love the way mashed potatoes come out using this , and it is so easy and quick to use . Hand wash or dishwasher .
 If you 're not mashing potatoes with a ricer , you 're missing out . This was my second ricer , after I bought the cheapest one I could find at a local kitchen supply store . The handle on the cheap ricer bent the very first time I used it . Worthless after that . This one is much more sturdy , which is really all you need in a ricer . I have no complaints .
 Was very pleased with this potato ricer . Works great . No more lumpy potatoes . Easy to use & easy to clean up
 I 've always wanted a potato ricer and I 'm glad I purchased this one ! I 've always trusted OXO products and this one is a winner ! Easy to operate and potatoes came out perfectly !
 So easy to use and no lumps in the mashed potatoes ! This does not add any time to the process of mashing potatoes . You can rice ten pounds of cooked potatoes in less than five minutes . I was n't too sure about trying this and now I will always use this !
 We purchased this ricer to make a Thanksgiving potato recipe , and we are very pleased with the product . It 's great not having to peel the potatoes before ricing - they stay behind in the cup while the potato `` guts '' are pressed through the little holes . Occasionally you will get a bit of peel coming through , but that 's easy to pick out , or you can leave it in the finished dish . The ricer is very efficient , does n't take a lot of force to operate , and cleans easily in the dishwasher.The best part is that riced potatoes are EXCELLENT
 I purchased this ricer for my wife for Christmas . She had been wanting to buy one for sometime , but had never purchased one . The product is sturdy and did a very nice job on the potatoes . I was initially nervous because the handle did not look solid in the picture , but she had no problem with closing the ricer . It is also relatively easy to clean and I would recommend it for the price .
 It is dishwasher safe and it is already a very good point . My only concern is that working with it you ` feel it ' a bit too light in your hands then it should , that 's all and this is why the 4 stars instead of 5 . Happy mashed-potato everybody -LRB- try the real/original parmesan cheese instead the usual cheese and a little , little , little * VERY LITTLE I MEAN * nutmeg powder -RRB- . I love it!PEACE
 An excellent potato ricer , it is an awesome way to have hash-browns all the time , really easy and fast , great price for this tool
 It 's an excellent product . The potato comes out evenly mashed , not lumpy . It is a much better option comparing to traditional potato mashers since it preserves a texture of potato without making it queue
 Homemade Gnocchi in 20minutes , assuming you boiled the potatoes already . Works great and are able to use two hands directly but be sure to have a firm grip on the bottom to avoid ricer injury . Here 's a helpful hit for those that are currently in the cake-pop phase , this is excellent to use for cake pops , to crumb the cake . Allows for moisture and a great chewiness for the cakepops .
 This tool is SOO easy ! The cleanup was n't nearly as bad as I expected , either . I highly recommend !
 This is great.Don ' t have to get out the beater that is always kept under the counter.You can boil the potatoes whole and rice them with the peel on.You get a couple of little pieces of skin , but not bad.It is a little messy but great .
 No more lumpy mashed potatoes . This ricer is well-made and works just as advertised . It is also easy to clean . I definitely recommend it to others .
 I bought this to squeeze herbs after soaking . This item can handle the heavy pressure I put it through without feeling like it will break . It washes nicely as the parts move in a way making it easy to reach all areas .
 The best mashed potatoes require a ricer . This is a lifetime quality model . Simple to use and easy to clean . Results will be the same as 4 star restaurant prepares . Was a gift for my grown son and same as the one I use at home .
 I am from a family that considers mashed potatoes as a necessity like milk , bread , etc. . Potatoes come out fluffy without being gummy . Easy and quick to use . My only regret is that it took me so long to decide to buy this .
 Excellent product , well made . The only small problem is the cup size , on the small side if you are doing potatoes for more than just the family .
 I purchased this Oxo Good Grips Potato Ricer mainly to use for extracting juice out of meat for soups . Being that it 's made of stainless steel , it 's easy to clean and very durable . We would cook the diced up meat for couple of hours , then use this device to extract juice from the well done meat . We would then cook the mashed meat some more with freshwater and then extract again before throwing it out . Under this use , it appeared to be extremely durable and holds up extremely well and should last many years . It also works extremely well in making mashed potatoes .
 I like it because it pushes the potatoes iut the bottom rather than the bottom and 360 around the room .
 this ricer works great i even used on sweet potatoes and carrots just do n't leave sitting in the water long i think it will start to rust
 I am really happy with this tool . It is easy to use , almost too large to be easy to grip and push down on the handle , but I 've never had a problem using it . Makes great gnocchi and I am also using it to prepare baby food for my son . Cleans easily .
 The consistency of potatoes ` mashed ' with this ricer is smooth - perfect . The clean up is easy in the dishwasher , and it 's easy to use -LSB- even for us little old ladies -RSB- . To those who had problems forcing the potatoes through the ricer , may I suggest cooking your potatoes a little longer - they need to be softer . And for an especially easy time , just use baked potatoes - you get more flavor , softer potatoes to squeeze through , and less clean up !
 I love mashed potatoes but they seldom come out smooth.Since I received this ricer I havent had any problems , except my husband dosent believe that I made them and wants to know what I did with the lumps . Plus I dont have to peel the potatoes anymore which is an added plus.Thank you to the person that invented this product -LRB- I know it had to be a woman -RRB- .
 The OXO ricer does its job . I would have preferred to have removable plates , with a choice of size , but OXO does not offer that . It would have been easier to clean this way . If you load too much into ricer , stuff comes out everywhere , so only put in small amounts , less than half full .
 I never bought the ricer for ricing potatoes . Instead , I bought it to squeeze the juices from raw potatoes to make hash browns and potato pancakes . I 've used it for 3 mos . continually without a problem . It is truly a quality product . I have also used it lately to rinse water from herbs and other soft leafy vegetables before chopping . Talk about a verstile kitchen gadget !
 It definitely is key for making lump free mashed potatoes . Great that it 's dishwasher safe . My only complaint is that if you load it up to the top with potatoes , you really have to squeeze it hard to get the potatoes through the slots . I 'm pretty strong and still struggled with it . Maybe filling it just half full would solve this minor problem .
 OXO designs great products and this is no exception . It does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top . I just do n't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it 's meant to do with ease . I liked it so much , I bought one for my aunt.Before this , I made mashed potatoes with a masher ; the difference is unbelievable . I kept my masher because I 'm a Southern girl and sometimes I want lumpy mashed potatoes.This is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher .
 Easy to clean , very lightweight , highly recommended.I used it to make gnocchi , and it worked excellently . When I was very young , my family lived in Italy for a few years , and my mom learned to make gnocchi there . Gnocchi , if you 've never heard of it , is a potato pasta . Basically you use potatoes , flour , and an egg . You boil the potatoes , then peel them and mash them , then add an egg and some four . When it 's all mixed , you roll it out , cut it into pieces , boil the pieces , and have them with a spaghetti sauce . The main ingredient is the potatoes.My mom has made gnocchi through the years and it 's one of my favorite pasta dishes . Mine never came out as good as my mom 's , however . Other people liked them , but they 'd never had my mom 's , so they did n't know how much better it could be . I was over at my mom 's a few months ago while she was making it , and I saw her putting her potatoes in a big plastic bowl with a handle on it that she was turning and the potatoes were coming out of the bottom , through the grill almost mashed already . Quite surprised , I asked her what it was . She said it was a potato ricer.I 'd never used one , nor heard of one . I 'd just take the boiled potatoes out of the pot , wait until they cooled , then mash them by hand , or using a flat round metal tool . But it always had lumps in it , regardless of how long I mashed . But here my mom had a potato ricer!I got on Amazon , looking for something like my mom had , but could n't find one , and chanced upon this . I decided to give it a try , as it had to be better than mashing by hand.It 's best if you only do half a potato at a time , but it comes out of the bottom just great . No more mashing by hand , no more lumps , very nearly mashed already . So I added the other ingredients , kneaded them all together , then rolled it out , cut it into pieces , rolled them on the board , put them in the boiling water , added sauce to the finished pieces and WOW ! No more lumps ! The potato dough came out great , no more lumps in the pieces!The finished product finally rivaled my mom 's . The people I fixed it for said it was great , as they always have , but this time , * I * finally felt I 'd succeeded in making gnocchi as good as my mom 's . I actually did a victory dance in the kitchen . While using the gnocchi board for the first time helped -LRB- my mom never uses one -RRB- , it was this ricer that made the most difference . Not one lump . Completely mashed.I 'd never been able to do it before , and without this ricer , I 'd still never have done it , and be disappointed every time I make it.Very easy to use . You cut the potatoes in half , put the pieces in , squeeze , and an almost mashed potato comes out of the bottom . All you have to do is add whatever ingredients you like for your mashed potatoes and lightly mix it . The potatoes that come out of this ricer are pretty well done as they are.I 'd really recommend this . Like I say , no lumps whatsoever , and ready to use . Easy to clean , very lightweight , highly recommended .
 I honestly only use this ricer on potatoes , and only after my `` food mill '' has done all the work , yet has left me with a few hard scraps that wo n't pass through the blade . I place the scraps into the ricer and voila , no wasted potatoes.I was watching Chef Michael Chiarello on the Food Network and this is the exact model he uses on his mashed potatoes . It 's construction is solid and smooth.I myself do not make spaetzle , so I can not comment on its uses for making that dish ; however , for making potatoes , when combined with the food mill , it serves a purpose for me . If I could only afford one tool for mashed potatoes , I 'd opt for the `` food mill '' .
 I bought this potato ricer to make gnocchi , but now I use it for mashed potatoes -LRB- creamiest and silkiest ever ! -RRB- and croquettes . The gnocchi came out great and my only complaint is that this ricer definitely needs two hands to operate and requires some intense pressure . Great purchase though and I am going to buy it as a gift for others .
 The Oxo Good Grips Potato Ricer is the first one I 've ever owned . It is a little messy and it is important to keep the potatoes warm after ricing and mixing in butter , milk , sour cream or whatever . The potatoes turn out ok . The ricer tends to be a little sloppy . but works ok .
 This product produced the greatest mashed potatoes ... a great addition to my collection of gadets . Quality constructed & fairly easy to use .
 I am a mashed potato fan of some 50 years and historically made them with an electric mixer . This takes a little more time but the result is YUMMY . No more lumps or gooey , pasty spuds !
 Everything good others have stated are true for me . Perfect consistency . Easy to use . I had read you have to manually remove the skin if you use this with unpeeled potatoes and that is true . However , you only need to do it once . I boiled up half a 5 lb bag of red potatoes and it took less than 5 minutes to rice them all . I only cut the bigger ones in half and all the others I did whole . I imagine if you were doing a very large batch , you may need to clean out the peels more than once.The handle and the protruding front arm allow you to set this across a pot making it easier to use if hand holding does n't agree with you.After rinsing and doing a general removal of the skins , a trip through the dishwasher had it clean as new.It also seems to be quite forgiving if you happen to slightly overcook your potatoes . Not turning them to mush as a hand masher would do . Obviously at some point nothing can save some overcooked spuds but there is a little grace with this.I do n't see myself ever using the `` old school '' masher in my utensil drawer again .
 I received this as a gift on Christmas morning , and put it to use later that day . My usual method for potatoes is to boil the potatoes , add butter and milk , and whip with a hand blender . This works well but usually some small lumps still get through . This time I started my potatoes the same way - peeled , cut into large chunks , and boiled until soft . I pressed them into my OXO Ricer , added butter , milk , and mixed by hand . The end result was fluffy and COMPLETELY free of lumps . Like others , I did have a little bit of potato squeeze up the sides , but they were just as lump-free as the riced potatoes , and since I was mixing it all together anyway , it did n't really matter that I had a few flat portions in with the riced , the end result was the same . The only way around this would be to add a rubber or silicone stopper ring around the edge , which would make cleanup more difficult , since there would inevitably be bits of potato trapped in the seams between the ring and the metal . Not worth it , in my opinion.I riced enough potatoes for 10 people . It took me no more time than when I use the blender -LRB- and possibly less -RRB- , the results were better , and cleanup was easier . This will get a lot of use in my kitchen .
 Prior to recently I did not have much experience with potato ricers but when reading about different gnocchi techniques they were regularly mentioned as providing smooth and even potatoes and other vegetables of the like . I was a bit hesitant to purchase something that seemingly accomplished one task ... mashing , which is something I have been able to do with a masher or a mixer . Regardless I took the plunge and I must say it has been a worthwhile purchase.This ricer produces consistently smooth potatoes . I have also used it with sweet potatoes , acorn squash , squeezing liquid from spinach and grated jalapeno and to juice lemons . It has done all of these effortlessly and consistently.I find myself using it at least once a week while preparing dinner , often times just to make mashed potatoes for one . It allows me to make what was once a relatively involved side dish in under two minutes of active kitchen work.I plan on gifting a few of these in the coming months .
 I had a larger version of one of these potato ricers for years and was very satisfied with it - it had interchangeable plates and could even handle a well scrubbed peel without clogging or even unloading the peels in between presses , but with a newly empty nest my cooking habits/needs as a single person have changed and I 'm trying some different equipment these days . After using both my old and this new OXO potato ricer over the past Thanksgiving week , this one wins my ` cooking for 1-2 people ' approval.Comparing side by side , this basically one piece design does a great job creating smooth mash - the other model had different size plates but if I want it a little more homestyle/chunky I can keep a little of the potatoes in reserve and mash with a fork , adding texture to the smooth batch as desired . There was no struggling with this one to unscrew any parts to clean - just tossed it in the dishwasher . I never realized this was a bit of a chore with my other ricer until struggling to get it apart after it was tossed in a sink at Thanksgiving with other greasy items and pretty much glued itself together until it sat in a little soapy water for a while.The handles are significantly shorter than I 'm used to but even with pretty bad arthritis they are easy enough to work and get the job done . The smaller handles mean this is much easier to store in the drawer with my most used tools as opposed to the larger model which had pretty much made an appearance once a year because it lived in a pantry . The OXO version has already been used twice in the past two weeks - I 'd almost forgotten how well meatloaf goes with mash - yummmm !
 Every chef says the best mashed potatoes are made with a ricer so I treated myself to this one . I found the handles a little uncomfortable ... silicone or rubber on them might help . Pressing the potato through is n't as easy as chefs make it look but I found if I put the bowl in the sink and then leaned the lower handle on the sink and pressed down , it was much easier and kind of fun.The potatoes came through very fluffy but really once you add the milk and butter , they become creamy so I do n't know about this `` fluffy mashed potatoes '' I keep reading about . But using the ricer is much more consistent than mashing ... not a chance of lumps so they 're very very smooth . I 'd definitely recommend this product .
 My mother used a potato ricer and I thought it was just an old-fashioned kitchen tool , made obsolete by modern conveniences.How wrong I was!This ricer is a breeze to use , to clean and it completely changes the texture and flavor of potatoes in an amazing way . By ricing , the potatoes retain more of their original flavor , even with the addition of butter , milk/cream - that flavor still is maintained . And the potatoes never get gluey !! Further - you can enjoy `` mashed potatoes '' without the need for the butter or milk/cream - just add a bit of au jus or gravy ! You can also use the potatoes for other applications , such as shepherd 's pie , dumplings , gnocchi or potato pancakes!The ricer is a solid unit , which makes it easy to clean and maintain with just a few swipes with my sink brush it 's done ! The extra grip helps to keep the ricer steady in use , while the mechanism requires less effort to squeeze the potato through than I thought it would -LRB- I have bad carpal tunnel syndrome , so this was a great concern for me -RRB- . Further , once done - only the skins are left behind in the unit , but none of the potato , an economical use of the potatoes with little wastage due to peeling ! No need to peel potatoes - yay!Sturdy and of a good quality of metal , I fully expect to get years of use out of this kitchen tool ! Very happy with my purchase !
 This is a handy tool for making very fluffy mashed potatoes . You put in a peeled , boiled spud , push down on the lever , and out comes what we called `` riced '' potatoes in the past . The fact the potato is pushed through a fine die mean that there is a lot of air between the strands of mashed potato , and they come out very light and fluffy . Simply mix in butter and cream , or milk , or broth with a fork and you have very nice , non-lumpy but non-gummy potatoes.A bonus from this device ; you can use it to make spaetzle . These are the lumpy fresh noodles that are common in German and Austrian food . They are made with a somewhat soft , sticky dough , and either pressed through a die like this ricer , or else cut `` vom Brett '' meaning you dump the dough on a board and scrape it off slice by slice into boiling water . I admit that despite living in an area of Germany where it was a point of honor to make spaetlze `` vom Brett '' , I used this thing . -LRB- Dried , pre-packaged ? Puhleeze ! Nein , nein , nein ! -RRB- To make spaetzle noodles1 cup flour -LRB- 1/4 lb . -RRB- 1/3 to 1/2 cup of water or milk1 egg1 teaspoon saltBeat batter has tiny air-bubbles -LRB- develops gluten a bit -RRB- . Rinse the ricer with some cold water before filling to prevent a sticky mess . Press over boiling water in a pot . When the noodles float up -LRB- only a few minutes -RRB- you can scoop them out with a slotted spoon and drain . Very nice with any pot roast , can be made into a sort of mac 'n cheese -LRB- Kaesespaetzle -RRB- and best of all , they are nice dumped onto a thick lentil soup with a very good quality rotwurst -LRB- hot dog -RRB- which is a very traditional Schwabian meal and still one of my favorite comfort foods . Except , the wurst are hard to find in the US unless you live in parts of Pennsylvania or Wisconsin .
 it is great i wanted one for a long long time , i use it for egg salad
 We love our Potato Ricer and a friend saw us using it and loved the potatoes so much , we bought her one for her birthday . Thank you for helping us make her birthday so special .
 The only change I would like is to make the handles so you could start with only one hand vs two when the basket is loaded . Otherwise it was great !
 We used this for Thanksgiving this year and the potatoes were PERFECT . It has solid construction , and it is easy to use .
 You really ca n't make mashed potatos without a potato ricer and this one has a wonderful grip , does n't hurt my hand
 This is a great , easy-to-use , potato ricer . It 's sturdy , well-built and makes very smooth mashed potatoes . I actually bought it to make gnocchi . It does require some strength if using harder potatoes -LRB- Yukon , white , red -RRB- , but is quite easy with russets .
 Used this the first time on Thanksgiving day to rice my potatoes . What a difference in the quality of mashed potatoes . Gon na get more of these for Christmas presents .
 This is a great ricer . Well put together . It is a typical ricer -- you have to squeeze the handles together to rice the potatoes -- expect to use some muscles to do this .
 We use this to rice cauliflower to make pizza crust . It is heavy duty enough and works well for our needs . Sometimes a bugger to clean but otherwise a good product .
 It is well constructed , it does a good job if you are doing one small potato or 1/2 of large . That is all I need . Your hand strength must be normal because it take some pressure to work . I would recommend to a friend .
 I 'll never buy dried box potatoes again . This makes mashed potatoes so much easier and better consistency ! It 's impossible to overwork the potato with this gadget
 This makes the best mqashed potoatos ever - you will enjoy very much it is all it says it is .
 Have not used yet but I think that I will love it . Seems to be well made . Think I will take it to my sisters for Thanksgiving dinner . We will use it then . Thank you
 I bought a spetzle maker here in Germany , so I 'd have `` the real deal '' for making this tasty side dish . The spetzle makers are simular to our ricers . The difference being ... a few of the spetzle makers here have small wavy line holes instead of the round holes in the bottom . Mine happens to have the round holes.I have found that ricers with the holes on the sides as well as the bottom , do not work as well.There are however , other spetzle gadgets that look nothing like this . To save time and money ... use your collander and a wooden spoon .
 Great for one to two servings of mash potatoes . Easy to use , easy to clean . I use it all the time . Love it .
 It 's time to make a freshly made mashed potatoes ... easy and convenient . Not only potatoes but other root crops as well like carrots and yams . Produce a very nice consistency .
 This was great for mash potatoes , carrots and yams . In general this provides a lot more air into the root that you are trying to mash . It provides a much softer mouth feel than traditionally smashing does .
 I used this potato ricer to make gnocchi . It works well , but you have to make sure that the potatoes are very soft before you put them through -LRB- otherwise it will get clogged up -RRB- . I found it a bit awkward to hold and use , especially compared to other OXO products , which are usually designed to be extremely ergonomic .
 I used to have lumpy mashed potatoes . But , not any more . This ricer does a great job on potatoes and it is a good size for a two person family .
 This product works great . I have never been able to make hashbrowns , now I can . I do n't even need to use oil in the pan . I dump hashbrown `` puck '' directly out of the ricer and cook it right up . The shape is just right . I have not tried to make potatoe pancakes yet , but I am looking forward to that too .
 This baby just beats a standard masher , no more scraping the sides of a pan and always finding lumps at the endwith this baby spuds have got no chance 10/10 *****
 I have never made good mashed potatoes until I got this product . Now I make great mashed potatoes !! Everyone should have one of these .
 I LOVE I LOVE I LOVE this gadget and it 's not useless ! I know I 'll be using this for years to come . I used itafter purchasing it two weeks ago , finally today for my Easter dinner . I used it for sweet potatoes and regular potatoes . In past , I 've always mashed them by hands but took a lot of work and time consuming and the veggies managed to come out lumpy . Not today after using this ricer . Wow ! is all I could say . Cut my time by half plus the veggies were smoother not lumpy and I used less milk or butter or etc. . I 'm sold . I cut the potatoes in halved without peeling and boiled them til tender . Drained water and placed couple of them in the ricer at a time . I 'm impressed . I hope this ricer will last for a long time .
 I bought one of these for myself with a gift card I got for Christmas because I 've heard chefs recommend potato ricers , and I really liked how it makes potatoes completely lump free without compromoising their taste and texture . I ended up buying one for my younger sister 's family , and my sister says that it 's the worst thing she 's ever gotten because it makes the potatoes taste so good that the family wants them all the time and she 's sick of making them . I also just bought another one because my older sister asked for one for her birthday . This particular brand is kind of pricey , but the product is very sturdy and will likely last for years , so to me it is worth the price .
 If you want mashed potatoes with no lumps , then a ricer is just what you 're looking for ! The Oxo easy grip handles are nice , but you 're paying an extra $ 14 for them . You can find the exact same product with out the fancy handles at most stores for six bucks , as opposed to twenty dollars for this product . If it were not for the price , this item would be a five out of five stars for sure !
 This tool is a must-have for preparing mashed potatoes . It takes all of the effort and lumps out of making perfect mashed potatoes.A little bit of potatoes can squeeze out from the top of the lid as you push it down -LRB- which is why I only gave 4 stars -RRB- but since the gap is so narrow , what squeezes out is also `` mashed '' so it can be thrown in with the rest of the potatoes.My girlfriend complained that it is a little hard to squeeze when packed to the rim with potatoes , but this can be controlled by putting less potatoes in it each time.Overall an excellent product . Very easy to clean .
 This is the only way to make mashed potatoes . -LRB- At least at myhouse -RRB- Just rice em , add butter or gravy and enjoy.For those that have never tried one of these , your messing out.Larry Illinois
 This OXO potato ricer makes great mashed potatoes . Silky and smooth . I use it whenever I do n't feel like having chunky mashed potatoes for dinner , otherwise I use the regular masher . At first I thought this was one of those gadgets that eventually gathers dust in the kitchen but I was wrong . It 's very easy to use and easy to clean . You know those tools that are nice and functional but you end up not using because they are a pain to clean ? Well , this potato ricer is n't one of them . I find it even easier to clean than my potato masher . I have the Oneida with an inch-thick nylon head and the potatoes get stuck in between the grids . Anyway , the plate on this ricer containing the holes are n't thick -LRB- not thin , either -RRB- so food does n't get stuck in the holes like what usually happens in a garlic press . Just flush with running water and everything comes out . It has a smooth , one-piece construction . I 've never had a problem with the handles bending , either . I always cut my potatoes up before boiling them so the pieces fit in the ricer much better than a whole potato would.I have n't used this ricer yet for other things but one reviewer said he uses it to squeeze out water from frozen spinach . I think that 's a good idea . I will also use it for bananas for banana bread . Bananas are easy to mash with a fork but if you have to mash 20 then it takes time . I will also use it for baby food in the future when I have babies .
 Because my daughter is a HUGE fan of mashed potatoes I finally broke down and got a ricer for perfect potatoes every time . I LOVE this item .1 -RRB- I boil my potatoes with the skins on until they are very tender .2 -RRB- I rice them one at a time WITHOUT removing the skins . The flesh drops into the bowl of butter and cream below while the skins stay behind in the ricer -LRB- and typically stick to the plunger , so I simply nudge them off into the garbage between potatoes . -RRB- 3 -RRB- I toss the ricer in the open position into my dishwasher and forget it ! 4 -RRB- I give the potatoes a quick stir and voila ! Rich , creamy , smooth mashed potatoes with no peeling , dicing , or beating with a cumbersome electric mixer.Maybe ALL ricers perform this well , but honestly , this item is the best . I am so happy with this purchase .
 Having grown up with awful , awful mashed potatoes , I swore that I would never eat them again . Oh , but how times change . Along with a cup of half and half and stick of butter for each few pounds of potato , this ricer makes some excellent , fluffy mashed potatoes that even I will eat ... and request . I 'm sure the butter and half and half do n't hurt , either.Also , I 've tried to make spatzle with this , but mostly ended up with clumps of doughy noodle . The holes on this are n't large enough to let enough dough out quickly enough for the weight to pull it into the water . If you make spatzle more than once , you 're better off spending the $ 4 on a dedicated spatzle maker that takes up little storage space , even if it is a uni-tasker . I love my carbs .
 I had my doubts about this item because it felt a little flimsy when I removed it from the box . It 's lightweight and the handles seemed a little small . However , it worked flawlessly and made super-smooth mashed potatoes . It 's very easy to press the potatoes through the holes.The only downside is that it takes a little time because you ca n't fit a whole potato in the ricer , you need to cut the potato into workable chunks , and it 's a little bit messy . But the consistent smoothness is well worth it . I liked this much , much better than a standard masher.A couple of tips
 Mashed potatoes is a pinch with this product ! The press is well constructed with durable materials and dyes that easily pop out for cleaning.Pros : - heavy-quick-relatively inexpensive but good quality-easy to cleanCons -LRB- but manageable ! -RRB- : - heavy -LRB- another style may be better for people with joint issues -RRB- - potatoes sometimes squeeze through the top-does require scraping bottom to remove potato -LRB- apparently other styles come with a feature that swipes the bottom clean for you -RRB-
 This is the best gadget I have bought in a long time !!! No need for a mixer when making mashed potatoes . Also very good for making deviled eggs . The yolks come out very smooth !!
 This potato ricer is very sturdy . It makes very smooth delicious mashed potatoes with little oil . It has alittle size to it which should be considered for storage . Arthritic hands may have some difficulty squeezing this . It 's a good quality product .
 It was so easy to make nice and light gnocchi with this ricer . I could n't believe how easy it was , just following a basic gnocchi recipe , that said to let the gnocchi dumplings rest for 30 minutes before adding to boiling water . The gnocchi came out so light and fluffy , not heavy or chewy . I just added a little butter and parm . cheese , wow .
 Makes great potatoes . I purchased this because a recipe I was following used this tool . I will never go back to beaters ever . It does take some muscle to get the potato through but that is what husbands are for . You will not regret this purchase .
 I noticed that several professional chefs recommend this product for their mashed potatoes . I decided to give it a try . I have been very pleasantly surprised at the results . It is easy to use , just insert several potatoes , put the top part over the potatoes and clamp the handles together . This process needs to be repeated several times , depending on the size of your batch of cooked potatoes . The whole thing is in one piece and it goes into the dishwasher for easy clean up . Potatoes that are put through this ricer come out nice and fluffy . I have been able to cut down on the salt , butter and milk when my potatoes are put through this ricer . The potatoes even seem to taste better .
 What can I say , it works . It 's a simple device - and it does the job it 's intended for : -RRB- Easier than ever to make mashed potatoes - just boil them in pieces that will fit -LRB- skin and all -RRB- and mash with the ricer .
 I was n't paying attention when I ordered this . It 's very small , so time consuming to prepare potatoes for a family size meal . My fault on this one .
 A little on the small size , works well for for a couple , would n't want to rice potatoes for for a family of four with this . Easy to use , easy to clean , what else can you say about a potato rice .
 I always mashed potatoes with a hand mixer or masher , and always had a few lumps . The cooking shows all recommend a ricer , so I finally tried it -- and it works . The Oxo Good Grips products are known to be comfortable to use and this certainly is . I boiled the potatoes in the skins and riced them right after draining . The skins are left in the ricer -LRB- but can be chopped and added back in if you like skins -RRB- and the mash is silky smooth with absolutely no lumps . The butter and milk can be stirred in with a spatula -LRB- along with garlic or wasabi for a great taste -RRB- and you have a product you can be proud of .
 After reading the other review here , I was a little nervous about purchasing this double boiler . However , trusting Amazon to make good on any problems , I put in the order . I got the package in two days as promised , and my double boiler is in perfect condition . I got a great deal for the price . I shop this site often and have always been happy with my purchases .
 For those who say the hose heats up ... guess what , LOL ! Tape it with heat tape from Home Depot . That hose OF COURSE is going to be hot and is hot on any model you will ever buy.We bought ours 3 years ago and actually we have two ... both are fine , never give us any problems . No they are not `` wonder units '' that will cool your entire house . They do cool a room though . And they do n't have to be emptied except once a day for us . I never expected the units to last this long , but they are still going . I 'm happy and I would order them again if t hey had a 14000 model -LRB- which I 'm currently looking for -RRB- . I should take that back about emptying it every day - I have n't emptied one of them in over a year , yet it 's on every day . The more space you are trying to cool , the more water you 're going to empty , of course . For an 11x11 room with the door closed , it never needs emptying for us . I 'm happy with them and 3 years is a lot to ask from appliances/electronics nowadays .
 Pros
 It cools my bedroom in the most vile , wretched , desert-like cesspool of morons and filth called Texas.I put the machine on blocks allowing a larger water container . I simply put a washcloth where the water drips to stop the drip torture . The hose is warm , but hardly psychotically hot like other reviews seem to indicate . I have no idea if the machine has freon that needs to be re-supplied . Does anyone know?The machine is four years old and it runs almost all the time . I would buy another one , but I think they sell a stronger machine that offers more btu , or whatever they use to measure A/C systems.I wish to Hell that it cooled better , but this rat-infested dive in which I reside has virtually no insulation of any sort . Sadly , my obese , semi-retarded landlady does n't seem to know what the word insulation even means . I know she does n't know what the word diet means . She reminds me of the Mackinac Bridge located in my cool , cool home state .
 Bought this and works well down where I 'm from in Georgia . It gets pretty hot here and this easily cooled my room and the bathroom . It 's pricey but does seem to do a good job .
 Great for all sorts of quick cutting jobs . I own one and have given one as part of a gift . This will be a great addition to your kitchen !
 We like this so much after several years use we wanted to have two of them and bought another . It is perfect for smaller hands and very ergonomic . We use them both pretty much every day .
 Oxo 's knife glides over the item you wish to peal , sharp and easy to direct . The gripping piece is larger than normal knives and shaped more comfortably in the palm making it feel lighter in hand than our other knives . We have this knife -LRB- back to get a few extras -RRB- and the swivel top parer that is also a delight to use -- head and shoulders above the regular parer for ease and comfort . Both Oxo items highly recommended .
 I own three of these knives and use them daily . I think it 's fair to consider myself an experienced home chef and I do also own several very good pieces of cutlery , including some Wusthof , Global , and Shun.I have long hands -LRB- no arthritis -RRB- and enjoy the grip of these handles and find myself grabbing them all the time for paring , peeling , and various other small knife-work kinds of tasks . I particularly like that the handle does n't get slippery when I 'm trimming vegetables as I rinse them.The main criticism I have about the knives is also something that I 've personally found to be easily fixed . Several people have commented about the quickly dulling edge - true , but using a regular old honing steel on it every few months or so -LRB- as all well-used knives need from time to time to stay in top condition -RRB- keeps them perfectly sharp and maintained.So far I 've really liked all of the Good Grips equipment I 've tried -LRB- paring knives , bread knife , veg peeler , zester , and can opener -RRB- except for the chef 's knife - not enough heft for my taste .
 Love this knife . It is so easy to hold , particularly if you have any arthritic or other problems . It is also great for small hands . It does not slip and cuts beautifully . This is my second one
 I really like the size and the shape of the grip on this knife . It 's very easy to handle and very nicely sharp . And it 's very easy to keep clean .
 Great Knife , ever better than the earlier version I think!Great value for the quality of the knife.Would recommend !
 This is a great paring knife . I needed one very badly . It is sharp and the grip is rubberized . Works very well
 I no longer purchase any kitchen gadgets that are not oxo brand ! ALL of their products are excellent and well worth the extra few cents !!!
 Have searched all over for a knife like this . I have arthritis and it is very difficult for me to hold things in my hand . I love the handle on this item I can finally go back to peeling apples , potatoes , etc. . I recommend this item for anyone with arthritis .
 I like mine a lot , particularly if you want evenly sized wedges for a nice party fruit platter . Will work on any size except the absolute largest apples-and I mean the jumbo sized , bigger-than-a-grapefruit apples . But almost any small to large apple will work with it .
 Our experience with this corer/slicer has been the same as many reviewers here.The initial trick with this device is aiming so that it actually slices through the core , rather than to one side . Since apples are seldom perfect , this sometimes requires a bit of cleverness . If the core is missed , then a small paring knife may be needed to remove seeds , etc , from some of the slices.We have also noticed two other things noted by other reviewers :1 . The device does n't always cut cleanly all the way through the bottom of the apple . This is probably a function of the cutting surface . Often it is necessary to pull the core and/or some of the segments through the device by hand . It is better to grip each segment and pull it through , rather than try to push on the skin at the bottom , which could lead to cut fingers .2 . The white outer ring on ours has cracked where one of the blade `` spokes '' meets the ring . So far this has n't affected the unit 's operation , but I am assuming that it will fail at that point some day.The good news is that Oxo stands behind its products , and I expect that if and when this unit fails , Oxo will replace it.All in all , a good choice for this purpose , even if not perfect . It 's still much faster than manually cutting apple slices , and probably safer .
 I enjoy this product very much . Great for creating snacks for work or for a fruit plate . I use mine nearly every day .
 This thing does really cut the apples nicely in even pieces of 6 . It would have been even better if it would cut a bit further for it to be able to cut the apple pieces all the way to the bottom .
 I love the idea of this device and it worked adequately . The only problems I had were
 I always used to look at these and think you had to be pretty lazy -LRB- sorry people ! -RRB- to need to use one of these ... Then my friend brought one over with her child so that I could make a quick snack for her . I tried it out-and , oh my - I LOVE it . I went out that day and bought one for myself.I love apples , but find I do n't take the time to cut them up , and I do n't care to eat them whole very much anymore , either . I usually let them spoil before I can eat them . Since I bought it I have eaten at least 1 apple a day , if not more because it is SO convienient . I ca n't wait to use it to make fruit salad , or fruit trays , it 'll be a breeze.Reccommend
 It does the trick , just as advertised . I cut my thumb on the blades when I opened the package , though , so be careful .
 At first look , we were n't sure it would work w/all sizes and varieties of apples ... but incredibly enough ... it does ! ... ez & quick ... worth buying if you do lots of apples ... u can use this tool to pare them into slices to ripen faster as well ... TIP
 I have had this for a year and use it more days than not . No cracking . It works great , but I will say it is harder to use in bigger apples . Perhaps that is why others had cracking problems , but I am only speculating.If you eat apples often this is worth the money , even if it only lasts a year .
 Even better than I thought , works great and the handles make it easier , definitely happy with this purchase as of today
 I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine , and it works great . He is very pleased , and it has helped him enjoy apples more often than he would otherwise , if he did n't have this great device . A great tool : -RRB-
 I was told to eat an apple every morning by my facial massager , and I was n't diligent enough to do it . I 'm really bad with a knife and it takes me forever to cut the apple and unseed it . With this though , it takes me 5 seconds tops . It does n't cut through all the way , but when I lift it to take it out the apples fall away naturally . I can enjoy an apple every morning without the frustration now .
 But it 's nice to have , especially during apple pie season . And apple snacking season . So yeah , sorry Alton , I like this unitasker .
 I use this product all the time . Saves time trying to core the apple - in 1 second your apple is core free , ready to be dipped or chopped smaller .
 My daughter-in-law has one and I tried it . Had to get one for myself . It cuts apples so easily ! Highly recommend !
 This does it 's job , although I found it much harder to use than I had imagined . Going through the first half of the apple was easy , but once I got to the second half it became almost impossible . Maybe it was just the big Apple I was trying to cut , I 'm not sure .
 This apple corer and slicer is great ! I love it and so does my child . We are both eating more apples and pears now .
 It 's easy to use and clean-up . I 've noticed what other reviewers complained about - small pieces left in the metal folds ; but I 'm not concerned about it . The pieces are extremely small and will eventually fall out . There are much worse things to be bothered about than that.My biggest complaint is that the corer is n't quite big enough for large apples . It gets most of the core , just not all . What 's left on the slices is edible , the leftover core in some slices is a bit tougher -LRB- maybe 1-2 slices/large apple -RRB- . It 's also not very good with apples that are n't straight/flat/sits crooked -RRB- . Overall it 's a nice tool to have for quick slicing and coring ; just not the perfect ool .
 This aple divider works great ! The last one I had was made differently and would get apple fiber stuck in the middle of it . It was very hard to clean . This one is very easy to clean .
 Since we eat a lot of fruit around my house , this is an item that gets a real workout . It is essentially used on a daily basis . This corer/divider is well designed and comfortable to use with its cushioned grips . The blades are very sharp and slice through fruit almost like a `` hot knife through butter '' , just a bit of downward pressure is needed to get the corer going . The central - circular piece for coring - is larger than on comparable items by other manufacturers which makes the entire process of coring and dividing apples or pears so much easier . In general , I have always appreciated the `` sound ergonomic design '' of OXO kitchen tools/gadgets . This one will not disappoint . Buy one of these soon and start eating all those apples/pears , etc. that your 're processing on a regular basis . The life you save may be your own !
 The Oxo apple corer is easy to use , and the wide angle handles keep your hands out of the way of the apple . I really like the grip material as it helps keep you steady on the downward press . The corer seems most efficient on small to medium apples , because with large ones , I tend to get a bit of core on 1 or 2 slices of apple .
 This little thing is super convenient and easy . It looks deceiving , like it 's too simple to work , but it does indeed work perfectly . I love that I do n't have to dirty a bunch of things to get my apple sliced . Just press it onto the apple and you get 8 slices with no seeds or core . Seems like they made the size just perfect for most apples too . I just told my mother in law about it , its great . Neatest thing that I 've bought for the kitchen in a long time .
 I am a kitchen gadget freak ! I love to cook and I have a lot of kitchen gadgets to make it easier!This Oxo apple corer and divider has easy to hold side grips . In one second you have 8 nice uniform pieces to serve already cored!It is also easy to clean , that 's a biggie to me too !
 Depending on the apple you use this on , it will not be completely ready to eat afterwards.Sprays a bit of apple juice from the force when you use it . Put a plate in the sink and then put the apple on the plate and press down . Sprays a bit of Apple Juice `` Mist . `` Depending on form of apple will be ready to eat . Otherwise must remove some left-over core with knife.Easy to remove skin after using with a knife.Overall good I guess quicker than cutting with knife .
 No kitchen should be without this . Makes cutting up apples a breeze and if you want the apple pealed it 's so much easier to do after slicing .
 I love this product . Making a fruit salad with apples is now an order of magnitude easier . I use this device everyday.Producing a few apple slices for a snack takes only 30 seconds . And I like fresh apple slices from organic apples over the apple slices you can buy in little bags . The slices in bags are treated with some gas so that the apples do n't turn brown . And they are more expensive.This version is especially good because of the rubber grips . As a woman it takes a bit of strength to slice an apple in one go . Good grip is key.I highly recommend this product . And I give it to friends just for fun occasionally .
 I was n't too sure about this product , but figured I 'd give it chance since there were so many positive reviews . I 'm glad I did ! It works exactly as its suppose to ; It removes the apple core and divides the rest into pieces . It looks flimsy , but is actually quite durable .
 Easy to use and sharp . Easy to clean . Just be careful not to cut yourself when washing it or handling it . Hold by handles . I almost cut myself .
 there is not much you can say about a aple corer and divider it divides and cores . It actually works and stays pretty sharp . I would recommend if you need to purchase
 This is an excellent , easy way to slice apples for snacking , cooking or baking . It is sharp enough to slice through the apple easily .
 The cushioned handles help when pushing down to cut through the apple . Works great and I love that you get eight even pieces of apple with hardly any effort . IT makes it much easier to eat the pieces while I 'm reading my books . A very handy tool that I would n't do without .
 Gets the job done well . No problem with it being flimsy or feeling like its going to break while using it .
 Works great . Only negative is that it is too small for giant apples . But for normal apples , it is great .
 I recently needed to cut a mountain of apples for a party . I knew that not all apple dividers were created equal and I wanted to have the best one . So I went out and bought three different ones to test before the big day . I was n't crazy about the OXO 's looks -LRB- I preferred the sleek stainless steel model I found for triple the price at Williams Sonoma -RRB- , but in terms of utility -- and honestly what other criterion should an apple divider be rated on ? -- the OXO divider was hands down the best . It slices the apple into 8 slices rather than 12 . The fact that it cuts fewer slices makes the divider easier to use . Also the center hole for the core was just slightly larger than on the other two models I tried and that made it so that I needed to do fewer touchups with the knife on the OXO sliced apples . Also , the greater ease of cutting made it easier to cut straight slices , rather than wavy , uneven ones . The rubber handles are good because if you must cut a lot of apples rather than just one , the slipperiness of the juice can become an issue .
 I love this thing ! It 's durable , easy to use and clean , and it 's offset design protects whatever surface you are using it on.Since we bought it we now buy twice as many apples as we used to . The kids now snack on fresh apple more often and junk food less often . This alone has made this one of the best return to investment ratio products I 've ever bought ! -LRB- My kids are middle-high scholl age -- I 'd be a ltiile carefuil with younger kids using it -- the blades are sharper than they look . -RRB- I just orderd a second one to keep at my office for quick & healthy afternoon snacks!Frankly , I feel no home should be without one of these !
 Daily use for months now without a problem . It works great on apples and pears , cuts them to 8 equal pieces . The blade side on mine is really sharp , best cleaned with a dish brush -LRB- I 've cut myself a couple of times on it . -RRB- Ca n't say I 'd recommend letting the kids use it . The only criticism I have is sometimes it 's hard to remove the core at the center , but otherwise it works really well . In response to one of the other reviews
 Allow me to explain my apparently absurd title ... Some people have complained that it arrived cracked or dull , or that it cracked or broke within an unreasonable time . Apparently they did not read the card that the corer came attached to . On it OXO states
 It is very sturdy and the blades are sharp . I used to have an all-metal one -LRB- not OXO -RRB- , but it would bend when I pushed down on it . The OXO slices through the apple quickly and easily , and the rubber grips are easy on the hands .
 What more can I say . I have several OXO products , and so far they seem to be far superior to similar products of other manufacturers . This product is very sturdy and provides a nice clean cut on apples , etc. . I recommend it highly .
 This apple corer/slicer is a awesome for the non-OCD apple cutter . It 's sturdy and sharp and gets the job done well . The only issue is that the metal pieces in the middle are glues together such that small chunks of apple get stuck , no matter how much you wash it . Most people would not be bothered by this , but as a microbiologist I find this very disconcerting and wishing it was one solid piece . Aside from this little flaw , it 's been a very wonderful little utensil .
 Inexpensive and sturdy . Works well . A must have if you are juicing because it saves alot of time . Cores apples very fast and is safe to use .
 Got this slicer as a gift for a friend of mine who eats an apple every day ... what a perfect practical gift ! The handles are big enough for man-sized hands , unlike the one I personally own , and the only drawback of use he 's found so far was that if he leans over too close when slicing an apple , the juice can squirt you in the face ! Too funny . : -RRB-
 I had a bumper crop of apples last summer and found myself spending a lot of time peeling and slicing apples for storage . Using this product you still need to peel but coring and slicing are done in an instant . The handles are soft and comfortable , a must when you have a lot of apples to process.A couple of suggestions for use
 This is a great corer/divider and as a result I eat far more apples . It 's definitely better for smaller apples though . If you try to chop a large apple you have to really force the corer down . As other reviewers have said , the blades are sharper than they look . Overall I 'm very pleased with it .
 Sometimes things just work and this does just that . Use it and throw it in the dishwasher . Great for making apple cake
 I had an old apple corer that was flat in design . It was hard to use . When I recieved the OXO Good Grips Apple Corer , I immediately tried it on a large apple . It work very well . The shape of the corer allows you to put a good amount of downward pressue without banging your knuckles . It is a great kitchen tool .
 This is the first apple corer I 've bought , and honestly I feel stupid for not buying one sooner . It has turned what used to be a 10-15 minute task into a 3-minute one , and the end result is a lot more consistent and attractive than the slices I did by hand.This corer does take a bit of upper body strength to use and the plastic feels a little flimsy -LRB- with one particularly tough apple I was kind of afraid it would snap in half -RRB- , but the grips are solid , the blades are sharp and really for $ 10 I doubt there 's a better deal out there .
 It is a nice thing to have for those of us who eat a lot of apples , on the upside , the plastic grip makes it easy to use , on the downside it is kind of hard to wash , even in the washing machine and also the blades could have been a little bit sharper .
 You may have recalled a previous apple slicer review of mine . I enjoy them so much I ca n't help but review another one . It 's just a lot of fun taking an apple and slicing it into eight handy and adorable little slices . Whether you use green apples , red apples , Granny Smith , whatever . This slicer will deliciously make eating apples exciting . If you 're a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product . The apple will taste better , believe me . You wo n't have to mess around with no silly core . Just do n't go around shopping online without your parents permission .
 This works great , and actually makes cutting up an apple fun ! Sometimes I do have to cut a bit more of the core out , but other than that this little thing is super .
 This Is a great product . I am one who loves to eat apples , but only when they 're cut into pieces . This product does just that , saving me time and energy !! Highly recommend this to all apple lovers :-RRB- !
 Works great if you have a symmetrical apple to core . . otherwise sometimes you get part of the core and not all . Used a lot when my kids were small , not as much now that they are older . Blade stays nice and sharp too . Comfortable to use , a bit big for storage in a drawer . Would recommend .
 Bought this for the wife since she likes to make fruit salads in the morning for her lunch . Thought this would save her some time cutting apples . Overall it did but the circular blade in the center is a bit too small and she found herself having to cut off small slices of the apple core which added to the overall time . She is also a petite woman and sometimes found it hard to get that initial cut into the apple since it takes a bit of force to get it started . Overall , a worthwhile purchase . Have n't had any issues with the craftmanship .
 This product works pretty well . I like the rubber handles , and the fact that they are a bit raised so you can push this all the way down without ramming your knuckles into the plate , counter , etc.However , I did dock a star because no matter how hard I try this wo n't divide the slices all the way - they stay connected at the bottom . It 's also a bit tough to get the core out of the middle after making the cut .
 I absolutely love this apple divider . Honestly , this makes eating apples really fun and is much quicker than using a knife . Clean up is a bit of hassle , but a small brush does the job .
 Great cutter and does the job effortlessly . This cutter is sturdy and well made . The rubber grips are an added comfort .
 This works quick and easy . Put a paper towel over top before pushing slicer down to avoid getting juice squirted on you . Nice even slices .
 This Apple corer and divider works great ! I cut the very bottom of the apple off and it works even better . Very easy to clean as well . Great product , I now have one for work too !
 Needed an apple corer/divider since my all-metal one was confiscated by my daughter . The others I bought since all broke after a few uses . This one so far has been sturdy and will cut even the hardest apple with ease .
 I have owned this apple slicer and corer for about four years . It 's currently cracking on a few sided and I will have to buy another one . This worked for the short time but long term I would get an all metal apples slicer and corer . My I make apple slices for my husband in his lunch and give them to my son at snack time . So mine get 's used on a daily basis for one of them . For the most part this apple corer worked great while it lasted .
 I recently bought this on Amazon . It works great . Pressed down on the apple and bam . The core was gone and the apple was neatly divided . The divided apple looked like a flower blossom . Pushing down on the the corer/divider did not require much pressure . It cut and sliced through the apple as smooth as silk . Be careful when washing this tool as the blades are a bit sharp . Good product . Enjoy your apples .
 Since I am partially disabled , this makes it easy to add some fruit to my diet . I do n't only use it on apples .
 I like the design with the raised handles , but the cutting edge is flush with the plastic frame so the apples do n't get get cut cleanly all the way through to the bottom . That means you need to turn the tool over and push the partially cut pieces through individually.For that reason alone , it 's no faster than cutting and coring with a paring knife , but it 's a good alternative . I use it to give my cutting hand a rest .
 This is so easy !! One push and my apple or pear -LRB- that 's what I use it for -RRB- is nicely cored and cut into wedges ready to eat . I highly recommend this product .
 Oh i love this apple corer and divider . it is the greatest invention for a mother !! it saves so much time and it is so easy !!!
 I am on my third of these because we use them all the time . I would not conclude from that they these are not well made - things wear out after some time . If Wusthof made one of these , it may last longer , but would likely also be 20 times the price.It facilitates us eating apples -LRB- healthy -RRB- far more frequently and works great . Sometimes it is a little challenge lining it up with the core of some apples and one needs a little extra trimming of the apple wedges , which is the only reason I am giving it a 4 . Heartily recommend it !
 This is a great apple slicer/corer . We used it often to slice apples for our little ones and perhaps should not have put it in the dishwasher ? Because it cracked within 3 months of everyday use - but was cheerfully replaced at the store we bought it from . -LRB- we bought it locally , not through Amazon -RRB-
 I 've tried it twice since we got it . It slices right through leaving the core behind . It makes me want to eat more apples because it is so fun to use .
 OXO always makes safe and easy to use products . I would trust this item with kids as well . The rubber grips help you get a good grip while it being elevated helps to keep your fingers away from the blades . The blades are sharp enough to cut apples without it slipping away from you but not so sharp that it will cut you when you wash it .
 I eat a lot of apples , and I 've been really pleased with this Oxo apple corer . The last one I owned from another manufacturer broke within a couple weeks of using it . So far this one has held up extremely well through almost daily use . I really like the rubber grips on the handles as they make it easier to press down . It 's easy to clean and well priced . -LRB- you get what you pay for with cheap corers -RRB- A couple common complaints I 've seen about corers can be alleviated . The first is that the corer does n't slice all the way through to the bottom and it can be difficult to remove the apple . Thats because of the rounded bottom and the skin of the apple . The solution here is to use a knife to just slice about 1/16 of an inch off the bottom of the apple to break the skin and then use the corer . The corer will cleanly slice all the way down and it 's easy to remove the apple.The second problem is that some people , myself included , prefer thinner slices . Just use the corer twice on the same apple . All you do is slice the apple as above , lift the apple from the corer , then set the apple back down on the board -LRB- it will stay together -RRB- , rotate the corer a bit and then press down again quickly which slices the slices in half again . Unless you 're working with a really mushy apple -LRB- chilled apples slice better -RRB- I 've found this works very well to get thinner slices .
 Perfect slices . Quick . Easy to use . Rinse to clean . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is because Ive only had it 3 weeks , so I 'm not sure how it holds up over time .
 Had occasion to immediately put the corer to work , and it performed fine . Easy slices were cut and released , as well as the core . Washed up in the dishwasher top shelf . Good purchase . Only complaint is it is not drawer friendly , as the wings are realy out there . But then , that 's what makes it do it 's thing .
 I was on vacation and used my son 's apple corer , Went on line to order one . When I returned home , the apple corer was here waiting for us to use it . We had never used one before trying the one at my sons .
 Stronger , sharper , more ergonomically designed than what you are used to this one will outlive three of the cheapos . The handles really do a make a difference , particularly for the kids in the house that do the most apple-slicing .
 I love this ! It is so easy to use and cuts through apples like butter ! I have never had one before , however my daughter loves cut up apples and this beats coring by hand .
 I found this item to be exactly as described in advertisement . I would recommend it to anyone .
 My wife bought this for me at my request -LRB- on a Christmas list -RRB- . I really like this . I 've eat at least a couple apples a day now that I have this . The kids are enjoying apples more also . It makes it simple and no mess . The handles are strong and the blades are sharp . A quick strong press and I 've got a fully , easily , edible apple . Many of the apples do n't have straight cores so I 've got to curve it a bit or cut off a very small amount on one or two of the slices , but still , it 's a 2 second job . If I had any criticism at all , the blades do n't go all the way down to the bottom -LRB- there 's a small space -RRB- . Thus , I generally have to grab the pieces or whole apple and pull the extra millimeter or two through the rest of the way . Nonetheless , I really like this . I 'm sure we 'll be eating apples more often because of it . It 's been through the dishwasher several times with no apparent ill imact .
 I chose the OXO rubber-handled model for ease of use and safety . It has worked like a charm . Seems durable and is very easy to use ; perfect sections . For an apple-eating fan , this is a `` must '' item . We ordered 3 morefor Holiday gifts . -LRB- Almost said `` Christmas '' - Geeez ! -RRB-
 I did n't think that I would use this , but I love it . It makes cutting and coring apples a two-second process . I have two problems with it . One is that you need a cutting board underneath the apple . The second problem is that apples can have a funny shape where one side can be taller than the other . In that case , you have to be agile to cut the apple . Pressing down on the apple to make the cuts has to be done carefully so that the corer does n't slip . Overall , I love it . I buy those big bag of apples and just keep the corer out .
 I got tired of buying those supermarket apple cutters - so I bought this one and threw those others away . This apple cutter has great balance with nice handles ... cuts an apple into pieces effortlessly ... . does what it is supposed to do and after all , is n't that what we all what ?
 This works just as described - sharp blades cut right through the apple , leaving nice even slices . The padded handle allows for better control when coring/slicing apple . Highly recommend !
 She says it leaves small bits of the core on the slices . I tell her she 's full of crap . This thingy is great - gets the core out , including the seeds , and can accommodate an apple the size of a baby 's head . Well , a newborn maybe . If the idea of the smallest amount of the core showing up on your apple slice is a deal-breaker for you , well okay then your majesty ...
 Works great feels sturdy . No problems with shipping or divider . Grips are nice and confortable . East to use dividing the apple into equal parts . Only trick is lining up the center of the apple .
 I use this almost every day especially during apple season . Makes eating apples much easier . and I have learned that oxo is a very reliable product and will always give me a touch more style and function than other brands .
 Excellent as are all the Good Grips products . This one is comfortable to use even for someone like me with arthritis . Recommend
 this OXO good grips apple corer and divider works great ; it is very durable and easy to clean up ; I use all the time
 This apple corer is comfortable and easy to use . I have arthritis in my hands and this makes slicing an apple much easier for me . The comfort grip handles are a real plus .
 I cut an apple every day for breakfast and this corer and divider has been working strong for 3 years now . Excellent long lasting product . I ca n't recommend it enough .
 This device is great for coring and dividing apples . Works best with small to medium apples . I plan to look into a peeler but this will do fine for now . I love OXO products , since I know what I am getting in terms of quality .
 I got this for six bucks at my local grocery store and it has done wonders at my house . My three children have completely stopped eating chips and junk . All they want now is apple wedges ! It 's great.The blades are plenty sharp and it feels durable.A little tip
 I have owned one of these before and am on my second one . This utensil has been used , abused , dishwashed , handwashed , used for Playdoh cutting , cookie cutting , chopping , etc. for about 6 years . I am happy it lasted as long as it did . It works great .
 This is an outstanding device . in several I 've had before the cutter blades were not fastened to the center piece . They would flex as the coring progressed and the slices would be rendered a mess . This corer has rigidly attached blades and therefore cuts clean , perfect slices every time .
 I do n't know why , but I do n't like cutting apples up or eating them whole . It 's not as though cutting up an apple is a huge amount of work , and yet this apple corer has changed my life . With one clean downward motion , you get 8 apple slices and a pleasingly cylindrical core . The handles are large and comfortable to use , and the size allows for apples with large circumferences . The blades are also quite sharp . The corer , however , tends not to be able to go all the way through the apple -- it gets stuck on the skin at the bottom . I have to pull the slices out of the top , but it 's not difficult.I 'd bought a more expensive model from Crate and Barrel , and that corer was far smaller and more dull . I could n't get through one apple.I 'm exceedingly happy with this corer , which I bought five years ago and still use often . It 's held up well .
 IT DOES WHAT IT SAYS ! AWESOME PRODUCT . DURABLE AND EASY TO USE . ONLY ONE THING , THE SLICES ARE A LITTLE THICKER THAN I PERFER BUT THATS NOT A DEAL BREAKER FOR ME . NOT TO MENTION THE PRICE AND FAST SHIPPING WAS A BONUS .
 I bought this gadget to increase my consumption of healthy foods - apples . This apple divider has done just that . I can nibble on a perfectly divided apple at work throughout the morning - as opposed to having a messy whole apple that 's been partially eaten looking nasty on my desk . Great product .
 Who needs a special tool to core and quarter an apple?Nobody really needs it unless they process a whole lotta apples . But this tool works so perfectly and so quickly that it is just plain elegant and fun to use it . I see myself eating more apples ...
 I really like this apple slicer but I 'm also a little annoyed sometimes . It rarely goes through completely and I always have to pull out the core so that it flays out . Once that happens , each slice is still barely connected to each other at the bottom but that 's also a little cool cause they fold up like an apple.It 's not bad , overall I definitely like it but it would be nice to see a second one for comparison .
 Produce worked fairly well , but it never quite cut through the complete apple , so there was always apple skin to disconnect . Also it needed to be pressed slowly through the fruit or the juice would fly !
 Love this little tool ! I 've seen other versions of this , but this particular one has nice grips that allow you to comfortably push through even the biggest , toughest apples . It is very sharp , and should be handled carefully .
 This is a quality apple corer/slicer . We 've had ours for quite some time and it 's still good . It 's strong and I think it 's really gon na last . Worth buying !
 I was skeptical when I first started looking for an apple slicer . Saw it on TV and did n't think it would work as good as it does . I was looking for the stainless steel OXO , but the plastic one is very sturdy.Now I 'm saving money slicing my own apples instead of buying those pre-sliced ones at -LSB- ... -RSB- ! Thanks Oxo
 I cut my left ring finger that required stitches , unlike the other times when I cut fingers . Since , I have an aversion to using a knife . We got this Oxo Good Grips Apple Corer and Divider , and my problem with knives went away . Now I am happier to cut my slices of apples without hurting myself . So easy to use and wash .
 I eat apples everyday . This is a must have . Very safe . I have been using it ever since I almost cut my finger off with a knife .
 When I was a kid we had an apple corer like this . It makes it easy to cut an apple into easy-to-eat pieces . So when I ran into this one at Amazon , I had to have it .
 nice product to use for a household where the family eats fruits on a regular basis ...
 We really enjoy this product . My kids eat a lot more apples and pears now .
 I absolutely love this apple/pear corer and divider . It is very easy to use , just push down and voila ! Apple slices ! The way the slicer/corer is configured it really helps you get the `` most '' out of your apple . When I cut apples myself with a knife I always throw away a much larger core than I have to with this contraption.A few MINOR things would be that the blade does n't always go all the way through the bottom of the apple peel , but you 're able to pull the slices out anyway . I would n't recommend turning it upside down and trying to push the blade all the way through because that is how you will end up cutting yourself . Also , maybe I just buy really juicy fruit but for some reason I always manage to squirt some of the juices all over me ... That is probably to no fault of the product , but it is something to be aware of when using it.Cleaning it ? I put it in the top rack of the dishwasher and have not had a problem . Overall , I do n't think you can go wrong with this product . Another score for Good Grips !
 This makes coring and slicing apples a piece of cake , but if your apples are too small , the core hole will take out a lot of good apple . If your apple is too big , it wo n't cut it . If it 's just right , this is the best way to get apple slices .
 Easy to use and clean . We made 16 quarts of applesauce using this product and the Oxo food mill . Made the process much faster .
 works great - still going strong no rust after 2 years . I 'm oxo obsessed so i would highly recommend this . 5 stars
 I love this apple cutter ! I hate biting into apples so this is the only way I will eat them . I keep one apple cutter at the office and one at home and use each of them a couple of times a week -LRB- we go through a lot of apples in season at my house -RRB- . It has a large surface area to fit some of the bigger apples and very sharp blades to cut through any tough spots -LRB- like when you cut the core by accident like I always do -RRB- . My only problem is that the blades are really sharp ! This is great for apple cutting and why this product works so well but I have cut my fingers on it numerous times . I have to always make sure to pick up the cutter by the handles.p.s . My mom has the Progressive version of this apple cutter and it does n't work nearly as well . The blades are not as sharp so I always have to strugle a little when I use hers .
 Every family with kids needs the OXO Good Grips Apple Corer/Divider because it does quick work of slicing whole apples into bite-sized pieces for after-school snacking . Safe for kids to use , too . You get a sturdy slice no matter what size of apple you are slicing and coring . Easy to operate , easy clean-up .
 I used this for apples and found that it works well on totally round apples with a flat bottom . If it is an uneven bottom of the apple it cuts it through the core rather than beside the core . I could still use it and it is easier than by hand just know that you will need to clean up some of the apple slices that have the core still on it .
 This apple corer and divider works really well and does what it should . I wish it was a little sharper ... I had an old one -LRB- that this one replaced -RRB- that was noticeably sharper and I miss that , but otherwise it works just fine .
 This Oxo apple corer and divider quickly takes an apple and turns it into a handy set of pieces without the core , ready to be thrown into a lunch box or added to cereal or salad.All Oxo kitchen gadgets have handles that are pleasing to hold , and the gadget is always sturdy . I 've taken these along as gifts when staying with friends , and they are always appreciated.You need a little bit of hand/arm strength to do this , so it 's not for the arthritic .
 I love apples , but I am be so lazy sometimes , and I hate slicing them . I am a weak , 120 lb female , and this device is easy to de-core the apple along with cutting them up for slices to eat :-RRB- I will be eating more apples in my house , that 's for sure !
 It 's Lenox . Do you expect any less than wonderful ? Beautiful fabric , vibrant colors . Easy to wash and iron . Good deal .
 This was spectacular tablecloth on my table at Christmas , was beautiful and elegant , I love , I recommend an excellent acquisition
 Lovely tablecloth with jacquard and X'mas inspired ribbon design all around . It indeed lends a festive touch to the dining area and I wish I had ordered the napkins ! It is good enough to be used not only for X'mas but right through the New Year .
 My daughter in law loves it ! It goes perfectly with her china . Described exactly the way it is . Would recommend it in a heartbeat .
 it is very elegant and made my Christmas table look very festive . I am most pleased with the selection . It also washed up very nicely
 This is a beautiful tablecloth . My daughter-in-law loves butterflies , so I wanted to get her something special for Christmas . She was very pleased to get this gift . It was delivered well before Christmas . Great service !
 It is so hard to find an Oval tablecloth at the store , so it was a risk to not see the material - although I know that Lenox is a good brand . It is really much prettier on my table than in the picture . I love it !
 It is difficult to find Oval table cloths , this one worked perfectly for our Dining Room table , and it looks great
 This table cloth is beautiful , we just moved to the country and it looks great on our formal dining room table . I make sure I remove it before we eat . I do not want it to get stained . It is a wonderful gift to give anyone .
 Lovely compliment to any holioday lenox china that has the gold trim . I have Winter Greetings , but this compliments Holiday and other patterns , too . Non-christmas enough to use for other festive occassions - just golden metallic holly leaves and berries on an ivory background . The ivory background color co-ordinates with all classic Lenox ivory vases or china . If you love leaf patterns , you 'll enjoy this.I recieved many compliments on this tablecloth when entertaining .
 I purchased the Lenox Butterfly Meadow tablecloth and when it arrived , I was absolutely amazed at how beautiful it is . It is much more vibrant in color than in the picture and the material is very lovely . It almost looks like white satin or silk in some areas . It truly is beautiful . I know I keep repeating muself but it truly is.I used it for the first time 2 weeks ago and I had some people over . One of my friends looked at it , stopped in her tracks , and after 30 seconds or so of silence , said , `` this matches my dishes '' . I laughed and said , yes , it is Lenox . She asked where I purchased it and if it was expensive and I filled her in on details . She just could n't get over it.All that is the positive side . Now for the negative and this is why I gave it only 4 stars instead of 5 . I washed it and followed the manufacturer 's instructions to the letter . However , I was a little disappointed that it did not look as great after washing as it did before . Anotherwords , it was a little wrinkly and the edges were curled . It looked as if it needed a cool or warm iron to touch it up . Maybe that is the case . I just thought it would be wrinkle proof.But it is still gorgeous , looks fantastic on the table , and I would buy it again , but maybe in a larger size for when I opened my dining room table to be larger.So , all in all , I would still recommend it and I would buy it again .
 If there were more stars I 'd give this a 10 out of 10 ! I decided to change my Christmas theme this year & was quite impressed by what I saw on line . I can only say this tablecloth exceeded my expectations 100 % . The quality is premium and the pattern is lovely . I also bought the table runners and some fingertips towels to match & visitors keep commenting how great they all look.Can ' t wait to get more stuff in this pattern .
 I was worried that the white would be hard to keep clean since I have two children who still make a mess when they eat . I used it through the holiday season and it still looks brand new . It is a beautiful tablecloth and it is a good quality one . I love it .
 I purchased the Lenox `` Holiday Nouveau '' 70 '' round tablecloth to coordinate with several Lenox Holiday Nouveau serving pieces . Crafted of 58 % cotton , 42 % polyester and machine-washable -LRB- cold water with like colors -RRB- , the ivory-on-ivory holly leaves catch the light and make the tablecloth shimmer , while the tartan ribbon is accented with holly and berries . Be sure to pick up the matching napkins for a gorgeous presentation !
 The colors are beautiful . It is nicely made and fully reversable for that quick sprucing up for the unexpected visitor .
 I bought 3 sizes of the Golden Holiday tablecloth and matching place mats . I also purchased 2 sizes of the Holiday Nouveau tablecloth plus a runner and matching place mats . At first I did n't like the Golden Holiday as it appeared in the package , but once it is on the table , it REALLY is quite attractive . It is the one I keep on the table unless there is a formal dinner . The Nouveau is beautiful in the package and on the table . I use it for more formal gatherings . Both of course go great with my Lenox Golden Holiday dishes . It is simple elegance that ties in well w / Queen Anne styled furniture . I am careful to wash them separately on the gentle cycle , medium setting on the dryer , and lightly touch up w / an iron to remove the creases . Thus far I 've been lucky all food mishaps have come clean . The fabric quality and craftsmanship is high so it justifies the early season discounted sale prices which now are considerably lower , but I would not have paid the listed price on the package . I have yet to be disappointed in anything Lenox and I own numerous pieces . Some are concerned about the quality of the products being made in China vs. USA , but I have not noticed any decrease in quality . Happy holidays !
 I am VERY PLEASED with my new tablecloth !!! It is almost a 3-D look with the various colored flowers and butterflies ! Very elegant on my Ethan Allen dining room table , too . The nice thing is it also matches my decor and tabletop flowers . I would recommend the Lenox Butterfly tablecloth to ANYONE who wants to set a beautiful table ; it washes and dries wrinkle-free . THAT is a bonus !!
 A very nice tasteful table cloth Washed very well and looked just as good after the washer as it did coming out of the box . Will use it for many Christmas 's to come
 Tablecloth is very well made and was the finishing touch to our dining room table for the holidays .
 This product made a perfect gift for my mother . My mother love it . The quality is great . The only downside is that is was a little too small other than that everthing was great , not mention the quick delivery .
 Bought these to replace the holiday tablecloths I purchased elsewhere that were only half their original size when removed from the dryer . These are easy to launder , look great , and really do sell for much more elsewhere .
 Cruising through my table dressings trying to find inspiration for a bridal shower I found this pattern in a couple of placemats . Soft , Spring/Summer colors and feminine flower designs make this perfect for this special occasion . Lenox table coverings can not be bested in design and quality . Will also be using another Lenox table clothLenox Opal Innocence 60-by-120-Inch Oblong / Rectangle Tablecloth , Whitethat really dresses up a formal table .
 My Grandchildren always love to come to grammies for family diner , In todays busy world having a tablecloth , candles , and flowers is very special memory .
 This is so pretty for spring . It was a great buy . I love it . I love changing up my table for seasons ...
 Very pretty , very elegant , pure cream with gold embroidary though , no green or red in it
 The quality and price ca n't be beat . Great way to start Xmas shopping .
 This tablecloth is just beautiful and washes like a dream . It spans Spring and Summer , no problem , so it is versatile . My only beef ? I wish that it did n't shrink a little . I have a wierd size table , and it was perfect when I first bought it , but after washing it is a bit short on the `` long '' end , and shorter , but not a problem on the `` shorter '' sides . My dream is that tablecloth manufacturers preshrink their cloths so that the finished size is the one that I can trust . Anyway , this is possibly the most beautiful tablecloth I own , goes well with a variety of everyday dishes and fine china , and washes up beautifully with messy kid eaters . It 's made me consider the matching napkins !
 This is a very pretty tablecoth , The colors are so pretty . I 'm really pleased with this .
 I own the complete set of Lenox Holiday China , serving pieces , and many of the accessories . The Holiday Nouveau tablecloth , table runner , napkins , and napkin rings are the perfect finish for an impressive dining room . My guests were in awe of how beautiful the china and linens matched . My family and I were so awestruck at the elegance of the room that we decided to use it as the backdrop for our Christmas photos . All of my Lenox , including my linens , will become memories that will far outlast my lifetime . But remember , if you buy it - use it ! Lenox is meant to be used and enjoyed .
 Beautiful table cloth . I ordered the 70 inch round cloth just to decorate a small table . This table cloth would go with most table top Christmas decor . The red is not bright as someone mentioned in another review . Beautiful nonetheless !
 This product was of high quality and even nicer then I expected . Would highly recommend it to anyone .
 This was far more beautiful than I imagined by the picture . It is very nice quality fabric and washes up easily . No ironing !
 I was looking for Christmas Tablecloths that were conservative and to be able to use 2 in an area that the cloths would not overwhelm the area . Amazon had the largest selection and had just the tablecloths that solved my problem . The cloths were on sale , I ended up paying less for 2 cloths than the retail price of one !!!
 Not only perfect for Christmas Day , but we enjoyed it being on the dining table for the whole Christmas season . There are many beautiful pieces such that everything you 'd ever want or need to set a perfect Christmas table is available -LRB- check eBay , thrift stores , friends - I borrowed dinner plates this year and found a 16 &#34; platter on Rue La La for a good discount -RRB- . Washes up nice ; clean and no shrinkage . -LRB- You 'll need to iron it , though . -RRB- The picture does n't come close to capturing the weight , sheen , and overall high quality you 'd expect from the Lenox name.Purchase this as a foundational Christmas table piece and build up your collection as you can and put this pattern on your Christmas wish list when you 're at a loss as to what to tell family members you 'd like.Consider giving this as a wedding gift with a platter to match to start a couple 's life of entertaining for Christmas together in style .
 This was our second Lenox tablecloth with this design . It is a beautiful tablecloth for A Christmas Dinner setting . However , I found that the luster in the gold ribbon design wore off after just one laundering . It has faded to a dull brown . The tablecloth was laundered according to instructions including air drying instead of using an electric dryer .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister , who absolutely loves it . I am sooo pleased that I found this .
 This tablecloth was prettier than pictured , good quality material . Purchased for a family holiday dinner . My grandson spilled a glass containing red wine on it on it 's first use . I was able to get the stain out and it washed up beautifully
 70 &#34; round tablecloths are hard to find . This holiday tablecloth was more beautiful than the picture ; damask materials launders very well and does not need ironing . Lovely !
 This was great for the holidays . Comes in a variety of sizes and napkins too . I opted to use solid colored dark green napkins and the combo was great .
 I owned this for my large dining room table and bought this one for my kitchen table . It was beautiful having the two rooms coordinated .
 The tablecloth fit beautifully . Napkins are a great size . Good quality and easy to clean . Many complements from family and guests .
 showed up on time , lovely fits my round table well both when it is small and when it is extended to full size
 This tablecloth was everything I had expected and more . The colors are very vibrant and the gold trim is very shiny . My Christmas dishes looked wonderful on it and we received a lot of compliments . I have not washed it yet so do not know how it will stand up to that , but everything else about this tablecloth is worth every penny . I am sad to have to put it away until next holiday season .
 I have this tablecloth on my kitchen table for Christmas . It is beautiful . I just happened to see it on Amazon one day and I really loved it , so I sent for it . I 've had so many remark 's about it from different people , they asked me where I got it and I told them Amazon . They could n't believe it , because they did n't realize Amazon sold products like this .
 I was amazed by the quality of it and its water beading feature ! I will never have to look for another table cloth and I believe this piece will last a long time . Definitely worth the money .
 Really beautiful and elegant and affordable . Crisp design , perfect hems . An heirloom to pass down through your family . This design comes in many different sizes , and matching napkins . Lenox has always been known for its perfection , and this tablecloth and its napkins fit that profile perfectly .
 I just had to have this & it was worth the buy ! Still going strong , love it ! will buy again if need to .
 This tablecloth will adorn my holiday table at this year 's Christmas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , so I have n't yet used it . But after taking it out of the packaging I noticed the 100 % cotton material felt soft yet durable , exactly what I would expect from Lenox . The red plaid design will go easily with any holiday decorations and table settings , without being overly fussy or distracting . Excited to create new , festive holiday meals to serve on this tablecloth !
 70 &#34; round is just perfect for my table . Whenever I get tired of fall & winter things I put on the Butterfly meadow linens & I feel better .
 This is a replacement cloth for one I have had for years . I do n't see it one Lenox 's web site so I was afraid they stopped making it . It is the basis for a beautiful holiday table and I wanted to make sure I had it available for years to come . Mine was well used and getting a little faded from the years of use . I have gotten compliments from some very critical people -LRB- yes , I do n't know why I invite them either as it kills them to give a compliment but with the way I decorate they just ca n't help themselves !!!! Secretly , I love it !!!! -RRB- The best part of this order was the service . I literally ordered in on Monday at 10 AM and had it on my doorstep the next day , by 10 AM ! I could n't have found it in a store any quicker ! Great company to deal with .
 I got what I paid for , a pretty , whimsical tablecloth that is perfect for spring and summer . I love it .
 The tablecloth is beautiful and looks so nice on my table . Also ordered the table runner and isequally as nice . I would recommend this to anyone who wants a festive table .
 Just what I was looking for . Very good quailty . Very fair price . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This tablecloth is beautiful . What a deal.If you like to entertain it really makes a great look for your dining room . I would recommend this product to anyone who loves the holidays .
 Anything by Lenox - you ca n't go wrong !!! This tablecloth is lovely and will never '' go out of style '' . And what a big savings on Amazon.com !!!!! You will pay 2-4x the price in a retail department store !!!
 This tablecloth was a beautiful addition to our kitchen holiday decor.It was a very well made , quality item .
 This tablecloth is exactly what we were looking for . After running all over town to various stores we found what we wanted on Amazon .
 This a very nice table cloth . I used the coordinating Holiday Gatherings runner on top of it as an accent . If you are not looking for a bright red table cover , this is not the one for you . The red is vivid but pleasant .
 I looked for many holiday tablecloths and this one caught my eye because of it 's simple elegance . No gawdy designs and not too busy but looks very nice on table . Arrived on time in new condition . Got a duplicate shipment somehow but returned the duplicate without issues and my account was credited promptly with no questions asked . Thanks for being easy to work with and offering such a nice product !
 I bought this for Easter dinner and it was beautiful . It washes well and does n't need ironing . I t is a good choice .
 The best price around on the Lenox butterfly table cloth . It is beautiful and well made . If you are looking for a table cloth with beautiful butterflies . . this is the one that will do . Nice for Easter , nice for Spring .
 This tablecloth is the foundation for setting an elegant looking table . It is durable and is machine washable and dries with few wrinkles if removed from the dryer immediately .
 I always wanted this tablecloth because it is so pretty and elegant . I finally bought it because the price was right . I love it !! It fits great and I get a lot of compliments on it .
 This is the third type of Lenox Holiday Nouvou item I have purchased
 Very pleased with this tablecloth . The fabric washes well and needs little ironing . The colors are bright and cheerful and fit well with my decor . The size fits my table well-not too much overhang on the sides or ends . I have an old -LRB- antique -RRB- table and some tablecloths are skimpy with the overhang on the sides but this one is fine .
 this is a very beautiful table cloth . i have a small round table with 2 chairs , it is for a long round table and it hangs over the sides . but it is high end no doubt . . love it , my grand daughter loves it ... it will be in the family for years to come .
 this hit the spot for my Christmas party the table looked so festive and beautiful . The night got a little crazy and some knocked over a full glass of wine . I trusted the product so I let it sit on the table for a couple of hours then after my dinner party left i sprayed shout on it and let it soak overnight and I washed right out . Looks great
 I am very pleased with my new Christmas tablecloth.It arrived promptly , packaged well and I wouldorder again . Cheers ,
 This very long 60 x 120 '' table cloth -LRB- $ 31 -RRB- is absolutely beautiful ! It wo n't take much effort to make my table look like I spent a fortune . I will set it with my white dinnerware , a 10 '' fake wreath w/red & green bow -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- that will surround a large piller LED candle -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- ... some greenery coming from each side -LRB- clipped from tree . . free -RRB- and I will have a georgeous table to celebrate on for years at under $ 50 ! I am going to also get the 70 '' round size $ 29 -RRB- because it is so beautiful and so inexpensive and my table without leaves is round.Hint . . by using the LED Flicker candles and an artific1al greans you will have a beautiful , safe , afffordable and re-usable table decor to use for many years to come .
 At first I was keeping this for good , but it washes up so nice and looks so fresh and inviting on the table , I use it a lot . Stains -LRB- wine and spaghetti sauce -RRB- have come out in the wash with no problem , so even with the grandkids , I do n't put it away !
 So glad I could replace my old tablecloth at a reasonable price ! I absolutely love this print !! I especially am grateful to have found it in a oval size which is much harder to do !
 It 's better than expected . Beautiful , elegant , soft . I love this . You can use it for any occasion , holiday , or normal days . It adds some art in your room .
 And it washed very easily ... spilled red wine on it & it washed out . Drapes beautifully and covered my old , tired table quite nicely !
 Beautiful tablecloth ! Perfect Christmas design
 This is a quality tablecloth that looks great on the table and washes well . I have used it for several Christmas dinnersand it still looks wonderful .
 Looks great for the Christmas season ... Good quality ... Does what it is supposed to do cover the table and look good.Hmmm I guess that 's it .
 Looked beautiful for all my holiday entertaining ! I put it on my glass top round table and what a change it made ... very festive !
 Perfect for my Holiday table . I received many compliments.I also ordered matching napkins.I was a little surprised and disappointed that the detail was stamped on . Beautiful never the less . . its a keeper .
 Perfect , just what I wanted . Will be great on table next Christmas . I have shower curtain and bath accessories also in this design .
 These are beautiful glasses , and arrived in excellent condition . On the large tumblers -LRB- 5 inches tall -RRB- The Teal splash is asymmetrical as pictured , and there are no two exactly alike . So each is like a unique work of art . In the smaller ones -LRB- 3.5 inches tall -RRB- , the splash does not come that far up the side , so it is not as dramatic . The glass is fairly thick at the bottom , and thin at the rim . This will make an excellent gift .
 they arrived before i expected them to . i bought them before i purchased furniture . and they match my leather & seude living room i got later . they were easy to install and i like the hide-a-cord feature .
 Ordered seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- shades and installed them on large windows . Shades add thermal barrier and darken room . Design attractive complimenting decor without standing out like other window treatments such as drapes . Shades allow for changing decor by hanging various colors and patterns of material draped over top of shade adds quick and easy eye catching changes enhancing any room.Only caution is the manufacturer often places tags with plastic fastners through fabric causing light to magnify hole .
 I really like my magic blinds . I ordered a pair and did n't realize they were going to be somewhat heavy to hang by myself . Once they were up , I have been enjoying them .
 I am not a gardener , orchardist , avid fresh veggie preparer , or a brush tester . I mostly wanted to try the Veggie Brush as an alternative to my coarser brush for gently cleaning the ` hard to reach '' areas of fruit and vegetables , and it has also exceeded my expectations as a potatoe scrubber.If it is n't abused , it will serve well for many months . If it is used every day or with excessive vigor , a preparer may want to keep some extras on hand , because I believe the brush may not hold up well with heavy usage , but that it is still an excellent brush , because of the great cleaning results that can be quickly obtained .
 This is my all-time favorite find . I already have a good veggie brush , so bought this one in the hope of finally having a good multi-purpose brush . It gets into the corners of the sink for a good scrub , cleans off stuck food from the bottom of pots , and removes food stuck to the bottom of the frying pan.It is a good all - ` round flexible brush .
 EXCELLENT ... IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR , THE KIND OF BRUSH THAT WAS AROUND YEARS AGO , AND I COULD NOT FIND ANY LIKE IT AROUND IN STORES IN TODAYS WORLD . THANK YOU .
 This is the only brush I will use for my produce . I understand the bristles bunch a little after a while , but just make sure to rinse it well in hot water and dish detergent and let air dry . I have never put it in the dishwasher as I 'm afraid it would rust the metal holding the bristles.It really gets all the dirt and unwanted stuff off all my fruits and vegetables.I have a nephew who did n't tell me he is allergic to apples and peaches and ate them -LRB- skin on -RRB- at my house for a snack . He told me after the fact that he was amazed he did n't have a reaction after eating them . I believe the brush removed the surface pesticides which is probably what he really is allergic to .
 This gets a lot of use cleaning the mixer blade , scouring out cast iron pots , etc. . The natural bristles hold up well and tolerate going through the dishwasher for sterilization .
 UPDATED REVIEW
 I had an old brush , which was nearly worn out . This brush in good quality , and easy to hold -LRB- especially with arthritis -RRB- . I bought brushes for other family members as well .
 I ordered this for my mother who 's brush of 20 + years was nearing the end of its life . She is very pleased with it and the bristles were not weak as some had hinted in reviews . Overall very pleased .
 I ordered these spreaders awhile back and am sad to see they now are unavailable . I got them for spreading hummus and they are perfect-the blades are great for getting a nice bit of hummus on them , and the soft rubber handles have little indentations for your fingers . All in all , these are the best spreaders I 've come across !
 Cute , fun and practical . If it was n't for parties , I 'd think the cosmetics is very inappropriate but since it is for parties , it 's perfect.However , I have to say , it 's good for finger food but not for normal spreading purposes ... grips a bit short .
 they arrived before i expected them to . i bought them before i purchased furniture . and they match my leather & seude living room i got later . they were easy to install and i like the hide-a-cord feature .
 Ordered seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- shades and installed them on large windows . Shades add thermal barrier and darken room . Design attractive complimenting decor without standing out like other window treatments such as drapes . Shades allow for changing decor by hanging various colors and patterns of material draped over top of shade adds quick and easy eye catching changes enhancing any room.Only caution is the manufacturer often places tags with plastic fastners through fabric causing light to magnify hole .
 I really like my magic blinds . I ordered a pair and did n't realize they were going to be somewhat heavy to hang by myself . Once they were up , I have been enjoying them .
 Having arthritis in both thumbs , it 's really , really difficult to use regular scissors anymore.These scissors are wonderful . I have two pair and have given several away as gifts . They are in constant use in our house.Plus they get used for meat and poultry and I can put them in the dishwasher with my other silverware.They come out sparkling clean . No rust.Some people complain about the little tab getting in the way.To those naysayers I would say `` it 's just not a big deal '' . Yes , sometimes it does slip down but I would rather have it there to be able to close and lock the scissors.Thank you , thank you Oxo !! These are great!PS - Amazon Prime is great too !
 For years I used a `` regular '' pair of scissors . They worked , but I really was n't happy with them . Then I got bitten by the OXO bug and I am replacing EVERY thing I can with OXO stuff ! So , my latest step was to replace the scissors ... great idea . Love them . Love the `` feel '' of them in my hand . Cut great and store in my knife holding block . I am a happy camper .
 As someone who always tries to buy OXO whenever I discover a need for a new kitchen gadget , I have to say these kitchen scissors do not disappoint . They 're sharp and of solid construction . I also appreciate the red tab that holds the scissors closed when not in use , otherwise I 'm certain I would have sliced my fingers to ribbons by now reaching into the drawer where I keep them .
 These have to be the best pair of scissors that I have ever used . They are designed very well and cut easily through everything I have used them for . They are also very comfortable to use for a variety of hand sizes -LRB- my boyfriend likes them as much as I do -RRB- . I do n't know what previous reviewers were doing with their scissors , but I have had none of those problems with mine . The little red clip that holds the handles together always stays in place without any modification . Also , they have never come apart . I have had mine for over six months and use them almost everyday all around the house . From cutting paper to plant stems , they have always worked beautifully . They are also very cool to look at . Friends that have seen and/or used them have praised them as well . I do confess that I did not get mine through amazon.com . Perhaps amazon had a bad batch or something , or maybe I got lucky . I only know that my experiences are totally opposite of previous users who gave reviews .
 I bought these to be used for cooking shears . But one time , in a panic I need to cut some aluminun hardware in my computer -LRB- long-story -RRB- . And these were the only shears I had in the house that could cut through the 1/8 '' aluminum . It took some pressure , but not only did it cut through the metal . But I cleaned them and used them soon after for regular use . They are almost perfect -LRB- there is some damage -RRB- . Very impressed ! Non-slip plus handle is great safety and comfort !!
 These are very sharp and strong . The only drawback is the fact that the little red locking device sometimes slips down and gets in the way so that you ca n't cut with the scissors until you figure out what happened and move it back . When you easily snip through a chicken drumstick you realize that you 'd best keep your thumb out of the way !
 it worked great while it lived , stayed sharp all these time . But fell apart at the pivot point after 1.5 years .
 I use these almost everyday . The locking clip had to go . I agree with the comments this could have been designed better . Once the locking clip is removed , they work great .
 i am a demo person i use these alot i now have 4 pares of these two for work and two for home
 We first purchased this kitchen scissor from an outlet kitchen store 4 years ago , and have been searching for a second pair ever since . We have used it for everything , raw and cooked meats , raw vegetables , flowers , and without tiring our hand . It has held up well past all the other brands without `` the spring '' . We are so glad to find it on this site !
 These scissors are just like most other utility scissors , except for two features that I find very valuable . # 1 - They lock . There is a little plastic thing that swivels to lock the handles together . This is a nice safety feature . Provided , it is not a strong lock and any child with thumbs can still open the scissors , but it is nice to avoid reaching in a drawer and slicing yourself on scissors that opened from being squished with other utensils and knives -LRB- admit it , we all have those kinds of drawers -RRB- . # 2 - The handles are comfortable . One of the things I dislike about using scissors is that my hands are uncomfortable against the hard plastic or metal handles.Though I have not used them for cutting boneless chicken breast into strips , I have seen friends use it for this . Evidently , they 've had much luck with food uses -LRB- cutting chives , for instance -RRB- . The scissors come clean in the dishwasher and I 've not noticed they rust.Comfortable and useful . A great pair to have on-hand , even if you just use them for cutting twine , gift wrap , and clipping off price tags .
 I have owned these scissors for several months now and was disturbed by reading some of these reviews ... Perhaps I got lucky but I have had no problems with my scissors , the spring is a great extra to have , i find the grip to be comfortable , and have had no problems with them cutting . I guess this item may just have to be hit or miss ...
 I badly needed some strong , but ergonomic kitchenscissors , so of course looked at the offeringsby Oxo , Good Grips.These scissors have a myriad of uses , are gentlefor those with problems with their hands/wristssuch as carpal tunnel , arthritis and the like.I wrote a detailed review on this product for theepinions consumer review site where I am a TopReviewer and/or advisor for Home and Garden , Pets , Beauty , Health , Online Sites , Restaurants.Come see this review , and my profile . I 'm happy toanswer any questions you might have about the products/services . Thanks.Suz ...
 I have had this grater for about 3 years . I have used it to grate both soft and hard cheeses . It handles both equally well . The best part , however , is the comfortable handle . In the past when I used box graters after grating for more then a minute , the handle would start to hurt my hand . This does not happen with this grater .
 This grater really works . I 've used it to grate some really hard stuff like celery roots and have had no problem . The handle is sturdy , and the grater stays put . I do n't worry about it slipping and grating my fingers . You can use it in the bowl or half in and half out . It washes well . I threw out my old grater and frankly even if this one does n't last a lifetime , I 'd spend ... -LSB- more -RSB- to get a new one .
 Contrary to the claim of some other reviewers , this grater comes apart easily for cleaning . Mine has no cracks in the plastic and has worked very well for me the entire time I 've had it . I strongly recommend it especially at the price its being sold for .
 contrary to the claim of some reviewers this grater comes apart easily for cleaning . Mine has no cracks in the plastic and has worked very well for me the entire time I 've had it . I strongly recommend it especially at the price its being sold for .
 We have enjoyed using this grater , having had it for over a year with no structural problems . The coarse side is wonderful for cheddar , carrots , etc. and the fine side is great for Parmesan -- just a few easy strokes and you have a pile of fluffy cheese . Ours has had many uses and runs through the dishwasher with no rust or wear -- still nice and sharp , too!I like that you can leave it attached so it stands alone or detach one or both graters from the handle to use them free-form -LRB- or for washing -RRB- . The handle , as with all OXO products , is very comfortable .
 The Grater works well because of the Good Grips non-slip handles but it DOES N't come apart for cleaning as they claim and its hard to clean . I 've even sent an email to Oxo 's customer service on their website and did n't receive a reply .
 After yet another uncomfortable , flimsy , knuckle-skinning , hard-to-clean grater bit the dust , my husband brought this grater home . At first , like most of these reviewers , I was n't pleased , considering it most awkward to use . But then , one day while washing it , it came apart -LRB- one of the graters unlocked from the handle -RRB- and I thought , `` HEY ! It 'll work so much better like this , with only one side in the grip . Why does n't OXO include instructions for taking it apart for cleaning and use ? `` The convenient way to use this grater is with only one of the two sides in the handle . That way , it fits comfortably in or over almost any plate or bowl from small to large , for instance right in the salad bowl . The handle hooks onto the edge of any bowl nicely and the plane created by bracing the handle and both feet is sturdy and can be at whatever angle you find most comfortable , depending on the size of the bowl you choose to grate into . It also works well grating right onto the cutting board , creating a horizontal grating surface . And also , if you have only one plane in the handle , or the whole grater is disassembled into 3 pieces , it could n't be easier to clean.When we first had this grater , and were trying to use it standing up like an A-frame , we did put several cracks in the plastic . But once I figured out how to use it , it lasted us for 10 years of daily use , until the grater got dull from cutting too many organic carrots . Now we bought another one , and after 6 months of daily use , it 's still in perfect condition . My husband Dave , `` the Salad Chef '' works in construction , and if he can keep from breaking it , anyone can!I hope you 'll give this grater a chance , because it 's the best designed grater I 've ever used , and I would hate to see it go off the market .
 I love that the photos are very well done . You really get to see all of the layers of luxurious fabrics and trims that cloth these mystical beings . I 've had my book for over a year now and I still go back to it regularly to take it all in.I recommend this for anyone who loves faeries . Wendy 's creations are about the closest you can get to seing them in the flesh .
 This is one of the most unique books that I own and one of my favorites at that . I discovered Wendy Froud by first becoming familiar with her husband 's work . At first I purchased all of the Sneezle books in her trilogy and was in awe by the amazing talents each little creature displayed . Even though I have her first three books , I would recommend buying this one because not only does it show works not found in other books -LRB- actual faeries and not creatures -RRB- , but it also is a biography of sorts of Wendy 's life . It starts on the first page of how as a child she would make dolls out of anything she could find and how later on she was found by Jim Henson which is how her career really got a jump start . This book is hardcover and somewhat thin , but filled with lush photography and glossy high quality pages . I would easily recommend this to anyone ! There is no nudity , safe for all ages and gorgeous presentation making it the perfect gift .
 I read all the reviews on the duvet and sheet set of this brand . Alot of them were complaining that these sheets wrinkle . Yes , they do after all , they are cotton ! But , they are very very nice . I washed them before putting them on my bed . My matress is 17 '' thick and the fitted sheet fits my matress perfectly and it doesnt try to come off . When I took them out of the dryer , I quickly put them on my bed . Everytime I put the fitted sheet -LRB- or the sheet , pillow cases , etc -RRB- on my bed , I sprayed them with a wrinkle releaser and smoothed them out with my hand . Almost all of the wrinkles came out and they smell great ! You can make your own wrinkle releaser-its 1/3 fabric softener and 2/3 water . Put those in a spray bottle and shake it up before using it !
 I love ALL of the Divatex sheet and duvet sets - the price for a king duvet and 2 shams is REALLY GOOD - $ 19.95 - but unlike the `` bonus '' pillow slips that come with some of the Divatex sheet sets - there are no `` bonus '' shams with the duvet!And as far as wrinkles - HELLO - 100 per cent cotton ANYTHING will probably wrinkle .
 Pretty nice . I 'm not overly thrilled , but it is working out well .
 These sheets are an excellent value for the price . I was shocked at the quality when I received them . They have a beautiful sateen striping , which is very subtle , that make them look much , much more expensive than they are -LRB- I have the linen and khaki colors -RRB- . So far I have washed them many times and they continue to get softer and softer and they wrinkle much less . And with the bonus pillow cases you ca n't go wrong !
 I love this comfort cover -- I have it in linen color and it is beautiful . It lends a very nice feel to the room . I rent rooms and everyone is drawn to the room with this cover . If you fold it fast out of the dryer it does n't even need ironing , although ironing would give it that super extra luxury look . I 'm very happy with it .
 Cotton is soft , but does wrinkle after washing . I have seen others that were much more expensive of similar quality . Overall a good value for a low price .
 I change sheets often and these have held up with the weekly washings . I am very satisfied with this duvet set !
 Was skeptical at the time of buying . . but a good product . . very very good for the price
 It is pretty soft for the price and not that many wrinkles like the other people say . It is a good price and a really good duvet cover .
 Quite a well made set consisting of a fitted sheet , duvet cover and two pillow cases . I 'm not giving it a full 5 stars only because it wrinkles horribly , but what would you expect of 100 % cotton ... It 's been washed a few times already , and holds up well .
 I was very pleased when I received my duvet cover this week . The shipping on this product was very quick . I ordered on a Saturday and received it by Friday ! The price for this duvet can not be beat from anywhere -- I 've been looking ! I jumped on this as soon as I saw it and I am not disappointed .
 If you like sheeting style duvet covers this is a steal ! Nice appearance and really well made .
 This grater is easy to use , with a style similar to any peppermill . Also , a small piece of cheese is just as easy as a larger one , something I have had trouble with in other graters.Another plus for those with children
 This grater has the best design available . You squeeze the body of it while turning the knob on top -LRB- sort of like a peppermill with a turning handle -RRB- . Makes light fluffy grated cheese easy , easy , easy .
 Oxo International has a well deserved reputation for durable and easy to use kitchen products . Their Tylenol Arthritic Award stylings are evident in everything they produce and this suberb cheese grater is no exception.The larger extended arm with a comfortable knob grip makes grating right at the table a breeze for adults and the smaller ones too -LRB- no uncased blades or notches to knick fingers -RRB- . And it 's just plain fun ! You can see the smiles as guests churn out their own gossamer slivers of parmesan onto steamy heaps of pasta . And I really appreciate that the snap-on cap does reverse , so I can grate in advance and store in little shaker bottles.I 've done chocolate shavings on desserts , mixed nuts for ice cream toppings and my family 's favorite is -LRB- now do n't laugh -RRB- to fill it with their hamster 's cedar chips -- so the lining of his glass home looks better and he can be seen better . * sigh * Laughing ... thank goodness the steel blades stay sharp and it all is dishwasher safe !
 This is easy to use and clean . It is great for cheeses and great for grating chocolate . I liked it so much I have sent one to my sister . I love all of the oxy good grip products . This one especially because of the good grip knob on the handle .
 I 'm very surprised by the negative reviews for this item . We 've had ours for about 3 years , use it probably 4-5 times a week , and have had no problems at all . When guests use it , they usually want to know where to get one immediately . It has two particularly great features
 Like other reviews said , this cuts pretty thick slices . It 's good for cheese and crackers , and makes a nice clean cut . It 's a nice addition to a kitchen like ours , which goes through a lot of cheese . I recommend it . The price is right .
 Oxo makes the greatest kitchen products as far as I 'm concerned . This slicer is sturdy , neat and works well on all kinds of cheeses . I 've used other slicers over the years -LRB- I 'm 67 years old -RRB- but none of them compare with Oxo to my way of thinking . Buy it , you 'll love it .
 OXO has done it again with another wonderful kitchen product that feels nice and sturdy in your hand , yet gets the job done and looks good ! I am a big fan of all OXO products and recommend them all around !
 This is the best slicer for semi-soft cheeses like havarti , swiss and cheddar . We like thin , even slices to put on our toast in the morning and this works the best . The oversized , soft handle is non-slip and helps get good leverage on harder cheeses like cheddar .
 I have had the WORST luck with wire cheese slicers , regardless of whether they were purchased at the grocery store or gourmet cooking shop . I actually had a $ 20.00 slicer fall apart with its very first use . I just bought this one a month ago , and though its longevity has yet to be proven , I just had to slice a TON of cheese for a large family Christmas party of 30 people , and was SO glad I bought this when I did ! I love the grippy handle , and it made relatively quick work of 6 Sam 's Club size blocks of cheese . It worked well on cheddar , monterey jack , colby , colby jack and mozerella . It has a nice weight and feel , and if it 's as good as the rest of the Good Grips line , I expect it to last for a very long time .
 I absolutely LOVE my OXO good grips wire cheese slicer . My husband told me I did n't need one . . `` Cheese slicer ??? What 's wrong with a knife ?? '' Bah ! Nothing says cheese like a good cheese slicer to give you those nice even slices . . I got desperate . I put my OXO cheese slicer on our wedding registry . He laughed at me . . but a friend of ours got it for me !!! I ca n't tell you how much I love using this slicer . . The last cheese slicer I had broke after a few uses , but NOT the OXO ! My OXO cheese slicer is still going strong after a year , and looks still new . . and the handle ! If you 've ever used OXO you know how comfortable it is in your hand!I would recommend the Oxo good grips wire cheese slicer to everyone !!!
 It will be very helpful to me as my hands are very sore from arthritis and it is hard to hang on to other handles .
 What a great cheese slicer . Very happy with this and all of the other oxo products that I own . Highly recommended !
 arrived in a reasonable time and was what was described and what i wanted . what more do i need to say .
 I have bought several OXO products in the past . OXO makes the best products and this slicer is no exception .
 I once had a great slicer . This is good slicer but not great . Sometimes my cheese gets too hard and my wire so weak . It 's most useful for Jalepeno Monteray because of its tiny gerth no pepper is lost in the slicing process .
 What 's that you say ? You 're hankerin ' for a hunk of cheese ? Well you 'll need something to cut it with ... that 's for sure . This baby will take care of that for you . Cut the cheese in style . Use the slices to top your famous tuna noodle casserole . Powdered donuts ? No way ! Burgers ? Now you 're talking fun ! Good gracious those grips are good .
 I suppose most slicers are about the same , but it is worth noting that this one is very well constructed and has a comfortable grip . The roller and wire do a fairly good job of slicing a block of cheese without getting stuck . I was very happy with this item .
 This is excellent . Works like a charm and reminds me of my childhood watching or helping my mom slice cheese . Works great on `` velveeta '' types of blocks . Dishwasher safe . Would definitely buy again .
 These pots and pans from Belgique are awesome ! I have the whole set and they all clean up really well and quite easily if you season it the way they recommend with a little oil upon first use . As to the other poster 's problem , the pots clearly state that they are NOT to be used on high heat , particularly on an electric range . Due to the fantastic way the copper and stainless steel conducts heat , `` medium '' heat is sufficient for any dish being cooked . My food cooks quick and evenly and I have never turned the heat above `` medium . '' I 'll never go back to toxic non-stick or cheap aluminum pans again ! Love these : -RRB-
 I was so glad when I found this porcelain couple online ! I needed it for my wedding last summer , and it was perfect !
 For very little money , you get an easy to use and sturdy corkscrew .
 I 've had this for a year and can report it 's a very good , no nonsense cork puller . It 's not as fancy as the rabbit pullers but then this one is good for everyday use or to throw into the picnic carrier or shaving kit for a trip away.It does not leave cork parts in the wine . Requires some skill / patience / strength , however . The foil cutter is not the traditional knife blade but two sharp scoring edges . It works about 80 % of the time -LRB- OXO
 lighter and with all what you need to open a wine or beer bottle . do n't need much space to keep it . GREAT
 What more is there to say than this review 's title ? We do n't use the foil cutter , having a nice little side toy for that , but for the main task , pulling corks -- screw it in , set the lip , lever it , and out comes the cork , every kind , every time -LRB- even though I am fairly sloppy about setting the worm in straight -RRB- .
 I really like most of this corkscrew . It is a nice sturdy base and that makes it easy to leverage the cork out of the bottle , which is good since this is the reason I bought it . I had one that felt like it was bending every time you used it . The thing that I do n't like about it is the foil cutter . I ca n't seem to line it up right to actually cut the foil or I do n't seem to hold it hard enough . I have to get out a knife to cut the foil , or just pull the cork up through the foil .
 This is the greatest small corkscrew in the world . The built in foil cutter is fantastic and a million times better than a knife . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 THIS is the best corkscrew I have ever used for the price . Unbeleivably easy to use . Just twist and pull !! I highly reccomend it .
 I almost purchased a metal waiter 's corkscrew but am glad I waited to get this one . The large , rubberize handle is easier to hang on to and is much more comfortable to hold in your hand . The bottle opener and corkscrew are easy to pull open and to close -- they do not `` snap '' shut the way knife blades can . I like that the foil cutter is not a blade that is pulled open to stick way out from the handle but is a tiny blade protected by hard plastic that juts out just far enough to cut the foil from a bottle neck . I 'm not a huge wine connoisseur but I believe this corkscrew does the job while being easy to use .
 This is not the corkscrew you want for home -- that honor goes to the Screwpull . But this IS the corkscrew you want to have with you when you travel . The open screw design means you can safely open old , dry corks without fear of breaking the cork off in the bottle . The foil cutter works well , even on those plastic bottle toppers . This corkscrew does require some practive , however , as you need to line up the screw correctly -- not in the center of the cork but more towards the edge , about halfway between center and edge . On one end is a tiny flip-out blade that can be used for cutting off the foil capsule . On the other end is a lever that serves as a brace that rests on the edge of the bottle to give you leverage when extracting the cork . This makes it easy to open a bottle of wine without setting it down on a tabletop .
 This is a sturdy , handy , and small corkscrew that also comes equipped with a bottle opener and a foil cutter . Its size is excellent to keep at home or to take on picnics and trips , and its corkscrew has a sharp point that goes into all kinds of corks without breaking them , even the really old ones . Its bottle opener is very easy to use , and its foil cutter , a couple of wheels with sharp edges recessed into the screw 's handle , although requiring some practice , offers a clean , safe alternative to the traditional rusty knife.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line , this one is a great value of superior quality , unsurpassed durability and flawless performance . Its ergonomic design and big , pressure-absorbing , outstanding non-slip grip , allow you comfortable , daily , wet or dry use , and it 's elegant , stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean , simple construction and dishwasher-safe , hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years , and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal everyday use , mine is still just like new . -- Reviewed by M. E. Volmar
 Have owned a number of corkscrews from the bare bones one on the Swiss Army knife to the winged designs . OXO makes two cork extractors -- this is definitely the one to go with . The other OXO cork extractor -LRB- I think it 's called the cork `` pull '' -RRB- always got little bits of cork in the wine because the corkscrew had to go all the way through the cork for the device to work.Aside from the rubberized grip , the best feature of this corkscrew is the replacement of the traditional knife blade with two recessed , circular blades for cutting the foil . Just put the corkscrew handle on the far side of the bottle , squeeze the near side with your thumb and rotate to make a nice , neat incision that removes the top of the foil . No more wrestling around with a rusty knife blade .
 Beautifully simple . Does exactly what it is supposed to do . What 's with all those complicated gizmos for pulling a cork ? Keep it simple .
 I 've used a fancy lever corskrew at home for years because I thought they provided the best leverage and ease-of-use , but the screw on my expensive opener keeps unscrewing itself off when opening very tight corks.I travel a lot and carry a simple waiter 's corkscrew with me because they 're small and fairly easy to use too because they also have good leverage . Well one day I could n't find my travel opener so shopped for a replacement . The thing is , you ca n't carry an opener on a plane if it has a knife foil cutter , so I looked long and hard for one with an alternative . -LRB- My old one had lost its knife so was easy to travel with , and I just cut the foil with the screw tip . -RRB- The Good Grips 31681 has a wonderful and safe 2-wheel foil cutter that passes airport security , and actually works beautifully ! Just run the cutters around the bottle and the foil is off . -LRB- Update 4/21/11
 Well , I 've been burned several times in the past year by `` too good to be true '' blowouts on Amazon , so I entered this deal with a great amount of skepticism . Would these blankets be paper thin ? Or would they pill unmercilessly in the wash ? Or would they feel like sandpaper ? Or ... ? The price was so right , I figured the quality would be all wrong.But guess what ? This turns out to be a TRUE BARGAIN . FIrst off , neither your nor I have ever heard of the Fillmore brand , right?It turns out that these are not `` Fillmore '' brand . They are Macy 's Charter Club brand , and Fillmore is simply the line . Macy 's Charter Club linens are generally of very good quality , and these blankets are no exception . They feel nice , they come out of the wash looking good , and they are heavy enough to actually have some value . I am impressed.In fact , this may one of the few examples where the Amazon `` list '' price was incorrectly LOW . The King sized blanket originally sold at Macy 's for $ 90 . That 's pretty steep for a simple cotton blanket -LRB- and of course the blanket sold at Macy 's for an appreciable discount much of the time , although nothing approaching the deal here -RRB- , and that price gives you an idea of the quality level we 're dealing with here.My only regret is I did n't buy more when they were available ...
 This is well made and is worth the price -LRB- less than 15 -RRB- . To me it seems pretty heavy . It is not flimsy .
 Nice simple blanket for the money . Soft , warm , but not too warm . A summer blanket , or one that could be layered beneath comforter .
 Blanket is not too heavy not too light . Living in Florida , it is the perfect winter blanket for those `` frigid '' 45 degree nights ! The color is rich and deep . I bought this one and three others in different sizes and colors for my family .
 This is a fantastic blanket for the couch . I agree with the previous reviewer in that this blanket is not too heavy and not too light . I just use it all the time when I 'm watching a movie or reading a book . The blanket is pretty soft , but not the softest blanket out there . But for the price it 's an excellent value . It defiantly does n't scratch or agitate my skin .
 I wish I had ordered more on the last Friday sale ! It is so soft and the color look so nice . Much better than the last deal from demestication .
 Blanket is not too heavy not too light . Living in Florida , it is the perfect winter blanket for those `` frigid '' 45 degree nights ! The color is rich and deep . I bought this one and three others in different sizes and colors for my family .
 The blanket is very high quality . It is heavy , yet does not make you too warm . It was just as described . Not too heavy and not too light . We love it !
 This was exactly what I was looking for ; a thin , light-weight blanket that keeps its color through washes . Great blanket and very vibrant color . Also can not beat the price !
 I got four of these when they were on sale for $ 7 each . We ordered them just to have backups fro guests and the like . I thought they would be like those thin cotton hospital blankets , but I was pleasantly surprised . They are soft , comfortable blankets of what seems to be fine quality . They are large enough to cover me -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 2 '' -RRB- , and warm enough that that they do n't need to be doubled .
 no complain ! felt very good to touch . wormed me during very cold nights.I wish if I had more options in the choice of color
 just do n't use it as top blanket if you have dogs or cats who get on bed . . pulls from their toenails other wise love it . .
 I have lots of blankets and my favorites are definitely the Cotton woven ones when it comes to elegance and quality . These are Egyptian cotton woven blankets , they are lightweight yet do the job of warmth . These are great blankets with a satisfying price . This is indeed `` Charter Club '' and I have purchased these at the department store . There were no flaws and it was just as I had hoped . NOTE that this brand 's SAGE color is more of a MINT-I would say . I also purchased , on AMAZON , the `` Primrose Sage Cotton Woven King Blanket '' and it was more Apple in color and was perfect for our bedroom.The blanket pattern is basket weave and I would purchase more in a heartbeat , for the price . I am using these on my new burgundy leather couch -- for now . The new kitten and the other animals seem to like having a blanket to sit on 'cause the leather is soooo slippery . I would also use these on the back of any of the couches , chairs or on beds . They adapt to any decor and it 's something you can be proud of . Blankets like these sell for lots of money in stores . Buy with confidence !!!
 These were shipped to family members , as a gift.They were very happy with these .
 I got this at a crazy good price , so my judgment may be biased . Its wonderfully comfortable for starters . What I really like is that it has a lot of weight to it . When its over you , you really feel it . Warm , soft , and wonderful . Really , I 've had it on my bed for longer than I remember now -LRB- well over a year . maybe two ? -RRB- and I still love it ...
 I bought this at a deep discount , not knowing exactly what I would be getting . Turns out , this was a great buy . I fold it in half and use it on the couch to keep warm . It 's nice and heavy and serves its ' purpose well .
 Paid half the price compared to same blanket for sale on Ebay . Really great deal .
 Well , I 've been burned several times in the past year by `` too good to be true '' blowouts on Amazon , so I entered this deal with a great amount of skepticism . Would these blankets be paper thin ? Or would they pill unmercilessly in the wash ? Or would they feel like sandpaper ? Or ... ? The price was so right , I figured the quality would be all wrong.But guess what ? This turns out to be a TRUE BARGAIN . FIrst off , neither your nor I have ever heard of the Fillmore brand , right?It turns out that these are not `` Fillmore '' brand . They are Macy 's Charter Club brand , and Fillmore is simply the line . Macy 's Charter Club linens are generally of very good quality , and these blankets are no exception . They feel nice , they come out of the wash looking good , and they are heavy enough to actually have some value . I am impressed.In fact , this may one of the few examples where the Amazon `` list '' price was incorrectly LOW . The King sized blanket originally sold at Macy 's for $ 90 . That 's pretty steep for a simple cotton blanket -LRB- and of course the blanket sold at Macy 's for an appreciable discount much of the time , although nothing approaching the deal here -RRB- , and that price gives you an idea of the quality level we 're dealing with here.My only regret is I did n't buy more when they were available ...
 This is a very well-made blanket , and it keeps me nice and warm . The only thing that I was a bit dismayed about is that the actual color is less bright than pictured ; it is more of a mauve than a rosy pink . It is easy to wash and dries much faster than I thought it would . I got it because it is Egyptian cotton , and the price was amazing . It covers my full size bed like a bedspread .
 Well , I 've been burned several times in the past year by `` too good to be true '' blowouts on Amazon , so I entered this deal with a great amount of skepticism . Would these blankets be paper thin ? Or would they pill unmercilessly in the wash ? Or would they feel like sandpaper ? Or ... ? The price was so right , I figured the quality would be all wrong.But guess what ? This turns out to be a TRUE BARGAIN . FIrst off , neither your nor I have ever heard of the Fillmore brand , right?It turns out that these are not `` Fillmore '' brand . They are Macy 's Charter Club brand , and Fillmore is simply the line . Macy 's Charter Club linens are generally of very good quality , and these blankets are no exception . They feel nice , they come out of the wash looking good , and they are heavy enough to actually have some value . I am impressed.In fact , this may one of the few examples where the Amazon `` list '' price was incorrectly LOW . The King sized blanket originally sold at Macy 's for $ 90 . That 's pretty steep for a simple cotton blanket -LRB- and of course the blanket sold at Macy 's for an appreciable discount much of the time , although nothing approaching the deal here -RRB- , and that price gives you an idea of the quality level we 're dealing with here.My only regret is I did n't buy more when they were available ...
 These ornaments are adorable ! I love the fact that they light up when plugged into your own light strand and they are sizable ornaments . I bought a bunch for Christmas gifts and at this price for Dept 56 , they are a steal !
 The company I work for has spent a lot of money on replacing utensils that break from everyday use . We purchased 2 of these and each is used twice a day , once for lunch and once for dinner . They are them put in dishwashers that reach temperatures between 160-190 degrees . After more that a year , we are still using the 2 that we bought . This was definitely a great purchase . I 'd say we 'd buy them again , but I do n't think we 'll need to replace the ones we have any time soon .
 This ladle is a work of art as much as a hard-working ladle . I have it hanging on my pot rack for all to see . Excellent quality .
 Another nice OXO product . It 's easy to use , and the corkscrew retracts completely so you do n't get punctured pulling it out of the drawer . Very solidly made .
 Knowing that you could spend hundreds of dollars on a corkscrew , you should n't expect any miracles from this gadget on the low end of the price scale . What you can expect , though , is a piece of hardware that does the job nicely.This little kitchen toy probably wo n't wow any of your more aesthetically-conscious friends , but it is n't an eyesore either . The unassuming all matte black design is more function than flash , with very subtly-textured wings and a soft-touch rubber handle common to most Oxo products.The base fits stably around the bottle 's mouth and the black screw , with its Teflon-coating , slides into the cork with ease . The handle turns smoothly and the wings effortlessly extract the entire cork in one sweep , requiring no tugging or twisting.If I were looking to improve the device , I would suggest the addition of a foil cutter - but at this price I 'm not complaining . My only real concern was that the handle 's shaft seems to be all plastic and bends just a little , which leaves a little doubt about durability.Overall this corkscrew is cheap , lightweight , and functions flawlessly . It 's ideal for anyone seeking their first corkscrew or a spare , say , for the picnic kit . At roughly $ 9 as of this writing , it will provide all the function you need and perhaps just a little more style and comfort than theubiquitous generic modelat the same price point . *** Note about the product picture
 This is a very good winged corkscrew quite easy to use . This is probably just as sturdy as anything else that is out there these days . The plastic does seem a bit flimsy to an old person like me because I remember when all plastics were flimsy . I am Arthritic but had no trouble a tall using it .
 I like OXO products , and this easy-to-use corkscrew is no exception to that rule . It has clean lines , a simple to use design , and pulls out corks with very little skill or effort needed.But I did find removed rubber corks got stuck in the corkscrew if the worm was screwed all the way down as one would normally remove a natural cork ; there was n't enough cork sticking out of the mechanism to get a decent grip , combined with the rubber 's natural stickiness , this required a pair of pliers to extract the removed cork . So this corkscrew seems best for natural corks , though this rubber cork may have been just an aberration.The corkscrew does fall a bit short in the materials department . The matte-black plastic is on the plain side , and could use the aesthetics of the OXO Steel lineup . Time will tell if the plastic body holds up to regular use , I 'll update if the corkscrew breaks . Despite the relatively low consumption rate of my household , I 've had several fancy corkscrews fall apart under normal usage , part of why I 've preferred simple -LRB- but harder to use -RRB- corkscrews.While I 'm still a fan of the old-fashioned `` waiter 's corkscrew '' -LRB- a very small , simple device that depends on bracing on the edge of the bottle , the integrity of the cork , and a dash of manual dexterity -RRB- , this one is much easier to use , and the girlfriend prefers it . So while it wo n't fit in my pocket , it is Recommended .
 You push the screw through the cork exactly / once / and the whole entire thing pops out in one feel swoop . Freaking awesome . I still prefer my bartender 's wine key , because it has a foil cutter , and makes it easier for me to present a clean looking bottle , but a friend of mine who has a hard time with my wine key loves this device . I keep it there for her . Unlike other corkscrews , you do n't need to repeatedly screw the thing into the cork to pull out the cork . It comes out quickly and easily . If you have trouble with corks , this is your new BFF .
 The first time that I used this corkscrew I thought it was going to break but so far it has held up well . Since it is made of plastic I was hesitant to apply too much pressure but it is tougher than it looks . I like the Teflon coating on the screw and the fact that it 's dishwasher safe . There does n't seem to be anything that can rush on this corkscrew.Simply turn the knob and the screw will drive into the cork and the wings will rise , and then apply pressure to the wings and it will remove the cork fairly easily.Sure there are many corkscrews that are fancier but they will come with a much greater price tag . This corkscrew gets the job done and is priced very well . So far I have no complaints .
 I 've only had the opportunity to use the opener on 2 bottles , but both times it was a breeze . Easy to Use and easy to grip .
 This is truly like cutting thru hot butter . I have a million corkscrews . This one tops them all . Even if you have n't cut off the foil top , this one pulls the cork out easily , releases easy , and is THE BEST . Promise .
 I read a few negative reviews about this corkscrew that are critical of the build quality . I have to respectfully disagree . I 'm not sure exactly what type of polymer it 's made of , but it 's not `` cheap plastic '' . Yes , it 's very lightweight and made of something not metal , but whatever it 's made of is very strong and durable . The screw literally glides into the cork like a hot knife through butter and because the corkscrew is so lightweight all of your energy goes into removed the cork instead of balancing a heavy corkscrew . I love it .
 The Oxo Good Grips Winged Corkscrew is , indeed , easy to use . The nonstick coating on the screw makes it easy to slide into the cork and the knob is wide and easy to grasp . The levers on the side make for easy cork removal.We own several corkscrews and exercise them regularly , but the Oxo is easier to use than its more expensive counterparts , so at the moment it 's our choice.I have read the more critical reviews here that say that this particular product breaks easily . I can only suggest that buyers retain their sales receipt in case of breakage , since Oxo does offer replacement or refund . So far we 've had no need of that .
 I 'm not a wine connoisseur , but I do like a good Cab or Merlot on occasion . Until now I was opening my wine bottles with a free cork screw I got at the local liquor store . It 's worked fine for years , you screw the corkscrew into the bottle , hold the bottle tightly and pull out the cork . It does require a little effort.But this baby requires none , you put over the top of the bottle , screw the skinny screw in , pull gently down on the levers and you 've effortlessly opened your bottle .
 We bought this bottle opener years ago while we were in California traveling through Sonoma and Napa . After years of dedicated use , it finally gave out . Needless to say , I was happy to see it was still available . It does n't take up much room in a kitchen drawer , and we absolutely love this style of opener . After a few hundred bottles of wine opened , we never failed to pull the cork .
 I 've been really happy with this corkscrew . It 's affordably priced , is very effective at removing corks , and ... dare I say ... even a little bit fun to use . The grip at the top does n't feel quite as soft and ` grippy ' as other OXO products that I have used , but it still works great.Also , here 's another OXO corkscrewthat you might want to check out . I have n't used this one , but it seems to have pretty good reviews .
 Over the last few years we have taken to drinking a bottle of wine with dinner nearly every day . Does that make us lushes ? Perhaps . Does it make us corkscrew experts ? Definitely . We have almost every type of corkscrew made , from the big , bulky Houdini to the super simple waiters ' model . We even got an electric one as a gift . The Oxo one is a butterfly model , designed to make opening wine bottles idiot-proof . It 's almost there - we found it easy to use . And if your hands are wet a lot , or slightly arthritic , I can see how this may be a great choice . That said , it isn ; t very quick . Once you cut the foil -LRB- you 're on your own for that , no foil cutter is included -RRB- and position the Oxo above the cork , you 'll be doing lots of cranking . Nothing terrible , but definitely one of the slower ways to open a bottle . If you 're a lush like us , your best bet is on of the articulated waiter 's models . Once mastered , those will open a bottle as fast as a houdini , without all the bulk . However , if you 're an occasional drinker , or want to get something for an older person , the Oxo is an excellent choice .
 I 'm a big fan of most OXO products . This wine opener is not as slick as most OXO products I have . Mainly due to fact it is somewhat bulky and all the bulk is plastic - not sure how long this will survive banging around in my utensils drawer before plastic cracks . My other wine opener has much less plastic and has been very durable -LRB- had for several years -RRB- . In terms of actually opening wine , the OXO works pretty well - fairly easy and straightforward to get cork out of wine bottle though sometimes OXO can guide down slightly crooked with occasional cork breaking off.Overall 3.5 stars for price / value , lower than my usual OXO rating . I prefer my other corkscrew I bought on Amazon for around same price.h
 Because this is my first cork screw that I have owned that has n't been part of a swiss army knife , I was n't prepared for this little wonder . The OXO makes opening a bottle of wine or oil effortless . The plastic handle feels good in my hand and a few twists the cork easily slides out of the bottle.Just as an additional praise for this corkscrew , I bring this with me when I go over to people 's houses just in case a need might be found . I try not to be `` that guy '' but when your corkscrew looks this good it is hard not to demonstrate .
 I owned one of those fancy rabbit style corkscrews for the past few years and each time I 've had to re-teach myself how to use it . The last few times I 've retaught myself I 've ended up shredding the cork , pushing it inside the bottle of wine , and removing half of the corkscrew . After the third time the corkscrew ended up in the trash -LRB- after further examination determining that it was in fact broken -RRB- I decided I needed something a little more user friendly . Trusting the OXO brand for all of my kitchen desires this corkscrew seemed easy to use and not bulky like the one I had thrown away . Thus far this corkscrew has been one of my better acquisitions , no more corks shredding or ending up floating in my bottle of wine . It 's so easy to use even I can do it and it has made all of my favorite bottles of wine much easier to access -LRB- which might be a bit dangerous to someone who loves wine ! -RRB-
 While I have concerns regarding how long this OXO product will last , it 's easier to use than I expected . The spiral is sharp and sinks into the cork more easily than a lot of the elaborate corkscrews . I found the levers -LRB- wings -RRB- easy to grip and pull down . Much less force is needed compared to other winged corkscrews that I 've used . Also , this type is a lot easier to use than t-screws and other straight pulls.Downside
 This wine bottle cork extractor works perfectly . The metal screw has a slick coating of something like Teflon that reduces friction as it goes in and is removed from the cork . I do n't have arthritis in my hands -LRB- yet -RRB- but my left hand is still very tender from a bad sprain so I can assure anyone who has hand pain that the molded plastic wing covers and the fat rubberized turning knob make it WAY more comfortable and easy to use than the standard version of this type of device .
 We got one of these for my mother who does not have strong hand strength - it has worked out very well .
 I 'll admit it - I own the $ 200 Leverpull because it 's prettydoggone cool . But this opener , for a -LSB- lot less -RSB- , has the exact samepart that makes the whole Screwpull line of corkscrews so easy to use ; the teflon-coated `` worm '' screw.I 've used five different models that feature this very thin , slippery screw and it 's definitely the way to go regardless of the mechanism for driving it into the cork . It slides in like a surgical instrument , with minimal effort and maximum effect.One warning
 Winged corkscrews are generally easier to use than their single-lever-action counterparts , but they have their drawbacks . Chief among these is the comparative gracelessness with which a bottle can be opened with a winged corkscrew . You have to put the bottle down on a table and use both hands to pull the wings apart . If the cork breaks in the bottle , it 's difficult to salvage with this type of corkscrew . More than that , winged corkscrews have a tendency to lose a wing over time , making them much harder -LRB- though not impossible -RRB- to use.And even though you can open a bottle quicker and more stylishly with a traditional corkscrew , it takes time to learn how . By contrast , this winged baby can be used successfully right out of the box . The mechanism on this model is particularly smooth , especially given the price.This product is thus recommendable for casual , low-volume wine drinkers . If you 're going to be opening bottles with any frequency in front of guests , I would tend to suggest you learn how to use a more traditional , single-lever model .
 My lady friend got me a couple of these recently as summertime presents because I am such a klutz with corks , and now I am becoming quite a bon vivant . Credit due , as one of John LeCarre 's characters quips in `` The Russia House '' , to the winged corkscrew . Even with friends over , I now actually look like I know what I am doing regardless of the fact that I am not much of a wine drinker or one to stand on ceremony or table manners . Give me some corn on the cob and a steak and I am as likely to rip into them with both hands than to use proper utensils and observe standard table manners.But even I must now admit I am being slowly and surely civilized , at least within tolerable operating limits . And chief among the convenient and effortless gadgets I have been given to speed me on my way is this terrific little winged corkscrew . Buy yourself a couple , though . When your friends ' wives see how well they transform even the most hopeless of confirmed mountain men into well behaved and handy hosts , they may not be able to resist swiping one . Enjoy !
 This is the best corkscrew that I have ever used . Light and strong and easy on the hands for those of us who are arthritic , like the other members of the `` Good Grips '' family of products . A first quality product . Easy to clean , -LRB- just rinse under cool running water -RRB- . It is absolutely wonderful and I have no hesistation in fully recommending the `` Good Grips '' corkscrew especially at this bargin price !
 I recommend this item for anyone who enjoys wine , but does n't have the manual ability to deal with the hard to use all-metal corkscrew gadgets . I appreciate the easy grip on the top and the way the screw part does n't jam with the cork.I initially was introduced to the OXO Good Grips line through a family member with Multiple Sclerosis . The Good Grips products seemed to be the only thing she could easily use and that would not break easily when dropped . I quickly learned , however , that the line of products is not limited to use by folks with dexterity issues and have since fallen in kitchen love with my various OXO food gadgets .
 The OXO corkscrew consists of a black plastic corkscrew that screws down into the cork , surrounded by a black plastic skirt-like surround with wing-like handles and a wide twist-top . But maybe this will make more sense if I try to explain how you use it.You raise the handles , which lifts up the surround , exposing the corkscrew . You grasp the handle at the top , press the tip of the corkscrew against the cork , and twist , pushing , so that the corkscrew enters into the cork and spirals down through it . Once it 's firmly embedded you grasp the wing-like handles and push them down . This lowers the surround and raises the corkscrew , pulling the cork free of the bottle.Disadvantages
 I like this winged corkscrew but I had to repair the plastic once when the cap near the wings busted off . Superglue did the job , and I have n't had trouble since .
 I 've been into sampling wine now for about 6 months . I read the reviews , looked at the prices , and decided to start with this device as a `` de-corker . `` Well , by now I 've decided that if I 've got more money I want to spend , it 's for wine not for a different corkscrew since this one has opened many bottles with zero failures.You line up the opener , turn the screw , watch the wings unfold , turn down the wings and the cork comes out with no problems . It has not yet failed to remove all of the cork , whole , with no fragments . It 's fast , clean , relatively effortless , and cheap.I 'm an obvious `` newbie '' to wine , but seriously - this thing is really underpriced . I 'm ordering another for a backup .
 This clock is a nice addition to my family room . I 've had it for about 1 month and it seems to be working well . Took a little adjusting to get it at the right level where the pendulum would constantly swing without stopping and then also adjusting the pendulum to swing in accordance with the time , but that is the case with any pendulum clock.The clock did have a couple chips in the wood from handling at some point but otherwise all parts arrived in good condition .
 This is by far one of the best time pieces that I have ever owned . I set it up in about 20 minutes , wound it up , set the pendulum in motion and it has been keeping perfect time ever since . It is a beautiful Cherry Wood and finely crafted . People that see it tell me that it is a wonderful Grandfather Clock . I would recomend this Grandfather Clock to anyone who is looking for a fine time piece . I look forward to many years of service from this Grandfather Clock . I would like to thank Luca Bella Home for a down to earth price and for prompt delivery . Many thanks to Amazon.com for making this purchase happen .
 The clock , having arrived within two weeks , was assembled that afternoon . It 's chime , mechanism , and appearance remain quite satisfactory to me a month later .
 We bought this for our vacation . We went to Foxwoods and wanted to have drinks and snacks in the room . It worked out wonderfully !! I would recomend it for anyone who likes to have a cocktail in their room before going out for the night , or mid-day snack .
 Just received this travel bar and am very happy with it . So glad there was a lock and key for our privacy because we travel quite a bit . The straps could have been a little tighter but product satisfactory over all .
 This has been ideal for travel or just packing up to go to a BYOB party . Nothing gets broken and everything you need fits in nicely .
 Brought this for a up coming trip to Las Vegas . Ca n't wait to use it . It was shipped and delivered fast . And I am very happy .
 This was a gift and exactly what we were looking for . It came fast and was in great shape . The person who received it is very happy with it .
 Well , I found out you can only take 2 bottles of wine or champagne on the cruise and if you purchase any bottles in port , the hold them until just hours before you arrive back home . This was on Carnival , so I do n't know if all cruise are like that . As for this product , it is fine . I would have returned it but the shipping to return it would have cost about two-thirds of the what the item cost , so I just kept it . I thought we might use it for a group weekend trip sometime . Who knows .
 I have never used a better corkscrew . Simply set it on the bottle . Press down -LRB- gently -RRB- while turning . Keep turning until the cork is out . Turn backwards and the cork pops out of the tool.You will not have trouble with getting your corkscrew cocked or skewed -LRB- going into the cork crooked -RRB- . You will not have trouble getting the cork off the corkscrew . You do n't have to pull on anything . Occasionally you find an odd extra long cork -- you might have to gently pull it out the last little bit.It 's the ergonomic !
 Screws in straight and easy , extracting the cork without any damage , therefore allowing you to reinsert the cork . It could give arthritics some trouble removing the cork from the screw , but that could be said for a lot of corkscrews . This is by far the easiest corkscrew I 've ever used . No problems with foil or wax .
 This attractive -LRB- modern -RRB- Cork Pull is a welcome addition to bottle-opening alternatives in the kitchen . All that it necessary is the ability to set it on the bottle and turn . Requires very little effort and takes any guesswork out of the process . No need to hide it away -- in fact , can function as something of a conversation piece as well . Simple , functional , easy to clean .
 The built-in foil cutter and easy-grip handle work great , and it 's nice to be able to uncork a bottle with no chance of splashing a drop anywhere . The corks remove very easily without no forcing or yanking . And you have to admit , it 's pretty cool-looking . It works much better with real corks than with neoprene -LRB- plastic -RRB- corks , however ; the latter are especially hard to remove from the screw once you 've got the bottle open . We 've put ours through five years of hard service , and while I imagine the plastic part will eventually be the bit that fails , it has n't yet . For the price range , it 's a pretty good value .
 It 's way easy to open a bottle of wine . However it does ruin the cork . If you are using something else to plug it back up , like a wine saver pressurized thingy , then you are all set . Anyone can open a bottle of wine with this , I do n't care how old and weak you are , it is way easy .
 First tried this while we were at Sand Harbor in Tahoe . It was a friends and after we used it I knew I had to get one . A very simple product that does its job well . The built in foil cutter is very convenient as that 's one less thing you have to carry . Like any OXO product I 've had before the build is solid and sturdy . Pricey ... perhaps , but in my book it 's quality is worth the extra couple bucks .
 I 'm not quite sure what the negative reviews are about ... yes , it takes a time or two to perfect getting the cork off the screw , but after you 've done it it 's really easy . As far as ruining the cork goes,well-I 've done far worse . I have a rabbit that sits on a shelf every time because I love this one . What else can I say ? Could n't be happier , great for the money , and - as mentioned by someone else-it does get attention for being unique!PS I 've had mine over 5 years and it 's still perfect !
 I di n't drink much wine , but when I do I reach for mu OXO opener . It has a little rollong blade for cutting the paper on the bottle neck . Just place the opener over the cork and turn . Out comes even the tightest cork . To remove the cork from the screw , turn the other way . It 's that simple . And the handle is plenty big to get a good grip on with out hurting your hand . I recomend it .
 Even though more expensive than the average cork pull , I bought this because it was similar to a cork pull that I had for almost 15 years that I loved , but finally broke . I wanted to see if Oxo 's version would measure up.And the answer ... almost . Pulling the cork from the bottle is a simple task , works really well . The nonstick surface of the screw also works great , making the job go smooth and easy.The problem comes when you try to extract the cork from the device . My experience is that , especially with plastic corks , it sometimes does n't work . Or , at least not right away . Basically the cork does not unscrew all the way , staying just deep enough inside the plastic housing that you ca n't get your fingers in to hold the cork and finish the job.The problem seems to be how smooth and slippery the plastic corks are , and the ribs inside the Oxo cork pull just ca n't grab it well enough to unscrew it . One solution that does seem to work
 I have this Oxo Good Grips Corkscrew for several years already.It is strong , durable and could n't be easier . No more p-u-l-l-i-n-g hard to extract corks . All you do is twist on and keep turning and cork gets pulled into the handle while it 's in your hands . No pulling motion required at all.Once you try this , you 'll wonder why you have n't used this until now . Truly genius and simple !
 I 'm over average size , and I like this a lot , use it right on the counter . The cork comes right off again , turning the other way . You do have to hold the lower flange , both during extraction and removal.My wife , who is shorter , finds it easier to use , if she puts the bottle in the sink . I gave up on the foil cutter , was slashing the foil at the bottom with a knife , then peeling it off . My wife picked up a foil cutter in a little plastic box , which solved that problem.I also have a rabbit knock-off . It works great , and came with a foil cutter , but it 's too bulky to keep in a primary kitchen drawer.Update 3-6-2010Better , get the new Oxo : Oxo Steel CorkPull Wine Opener/Corkscrew
 I just had to add a review after reading all the comments about how the cork is hard to remove from inside the corkscrew . You just turn the screw in the opposite direction and the cork comes out and you slide it off ! I ca n't believe how many people could n't figure that out . So , to use this corkscrew , you stick it on the bottle and keep turning until the cork comes out of the bottle and is inside the corkscrew . Then , turn the other direction and it comes out , pull it off . It really does n't get any easier .
 GREAT GREAT GREAT ! This product is so easy I could n't figure it out at first . I was so used to pulling & tugging on corks I thought there could n't be a better way , but this product is amazing : -RRB-
 I 've owned this cork pull for many years and I 'm glad to see it is still available for purchase . The positives are that it is very easy to operate and take up minimal storage space.The negatives are that it is somewhat fragile . The black plastic gasket between the silver handle and clear plastic has broken . Also , as others have noted , if you screw the cork too far , it can be very difficult to remove . Thus , Oxo provided a window so you can see the progress of the cork into the barrell of the handle . You 'll still occassionaly miss.Despite the shortcomings , I still rate this as a 4-star product and I would buy another to replace mine if it ever suffers a more substantial failure .
 This is an excellent product . It is easier to get the cork out of the bottle than any other corkscrew I have ever used . The product is made of good quality materials . Another key advantage is that it is very easy to get the cork out of the corkscrew once you 're finished ! With most others I have used , it is very difficult to remove the cork . The foil cutter does n't work with certain bottles , but I did n't expect much from this feature anyway . All in all , I love this product and recommend it .
 This is a compact , comfortable , easy to use cork puller . It is nearly foolproof , with a handy foil cutter . It lasted 2-3 years , which is n't great , but we liked it so much we got another anyway ...
 Best corkscrew I have ever owned or tried for a fraction of what those fancy ones cost .
 I have yet to find a bottle that gave me any problems while using this product . There is also a built-in foil cutter that works quite well .
 it is only 10 inches wide which I realized after I started to use it . I like big pans and should have thought about it and bought a 12in one but otherwise this is a pretty good pan for omelets , burgers , and other foods.If size is no issue I highly recommend it .
 We 've had these things for years and use them all the time . They just sit on the fridge -LRB- the ones that are n't already in use -RRB- , and are easy to grab when we need to close up a bag of some kind . Nice wide grip , and just the right amount of tension.Only problem we ever had was a spring popped out of one of the clips once . I just put it back together and it 's been fine since -LRB- this was a few years ago -RRB- . Worth every penny .
 I ordered these clips to keep potato chips and other snacks fresh after the bag was opened . They are functional and attractive and can be stored in a drawer or attached by it 's magnet to the fridge . Various types of paper clips will do the same job but these clips look much nicer .
 it sounds silly to get excited over kitchen clips , but these things definitely rock . try them and you 'll never go back to standard plastic clips again . the magnets are also strong , so they do n't fall off the fridge every 3 seconds .
 I had purchased this , after reading the reviews , and wanted total more than $ 25 for free shipping.In 2-3 years , all of them broke.Anyway you can get it for a dollar each at linen n things or beds-bath ... So dont get tempted to buy this online unnecessarily .
 The OXO bag clips are very good . They have a magnet on one side so that one may attach them to refrigerator to hold notes or recipes . I use them as regular bag clips and because they are colorful , they are easy to find in a cluttered kitchen tool drawer . Good product
 I purchased these bag clips , as I was tired of those cheap bag ties that are on a loaf of bread ! These bag clips are so easy to use and work great ! I would buy them again and would recommend them !
 I like that these have magnets so they can be stored on the fridge for easy access . These clips are just as effective as the larger chip clips while being much smaller .
 This is a great little set of clips that also function as refrigerator magnets , helping you organize bills , phone numbers -- whatever things you need to have out in plain sight for ready reference and easy access . They are also washable , so greasy kitchen finger prints are not a problem .
 These clips work really well in the kitchen . They are quite strong and durable . They are narrow which works well for certain types of open bags -LRB- such as those open in a corner -RRB- . For larger `` COSTCO '' sized bags I would recommend larger clips . They also hold notes or pictures on the regrigerator well . The colors make them easy to find when my daughter moves them over the house .
 I received these clips as a stocking stuffer . What a great IDEA and a great GIFT . They are more durable then the wide plastic clips I have used in the past . They are in bright fun colors and the design is attractive . BONUS ! These clips are easy to find , they have attached magnents allowing them to store right on my fridge !
 I love these clips . They are placed on the side of the fridge until we 're ready to use them . I never have to look for them . Great quality . Better than the average clip purchased at the grocery store.Love the colors too !
 Strong but not too strong . Perfect size for any bag . I use in frig , freezer and cupboards . Magnet makes them very convenient and accessible . I bought two sets and may buy even more .
 These clips are sturdy and very useful . You can stick them on the frig to hold things or use to close bags . They are definitely a good item to buy !
 Great for securely closing chip and snack bags , cereal bags inside the box , holding notes or kid 's art on the fridge , a cookbook bookmark . Try them at the office
 These clips are excellent - brightly colored , high quality , and they grip onto anything .
 Before I bought these clips I used generic blue clippers that were given to me as a promotion for AARP . I did n't know there was a commercial product I could buy to close bags and anything else I needed closed . Well I saw these at the supermarket and bought them to see if they worked . NOT only do they work they work marvelously well ! I love that they have magnets on them so I am never looking for them in my kitchen drawer . They hold fast and never let go . I am buying five sets today from Amazon for less than the supermarket charges and their in pretty colors to boot . The ones I bought previously were only in white . These work so well to close bags within their boxes like cracker and cereal bags . I am giving a set to each of my daughters and daughter in laws .
 The clips are great and sturdy . However , about half of the time I open my fridge , at least one of these things flies off , which is really annoying ! I love OXO , but these need stronger magnets .
 These clips are very handy , very sturdy , colorful and fun . Unlike some of the cheap plastic clips that have metal parts that break after using them once of twice , these will last and last and keep holding those bags of chips closed tight !
 These clips are excellent . They wo n't change your life , but they 're extremely handy . They are quite well-made . They last , and they maintain a tight grip rather than losing their `` spring '' after repeated use . Also , the relatively wide and flat surface on the business end does a better job than most alternatives at holding closed a wide-mouthed bag of pretzels , chips , etc. . The bright colors are also attractive , and the fact that they double as refrigerator magnets is a nice twist .
 I love these little things ! I ca n't even believe I am actually writing a review on `` chip clips , '' That 's how much I love 'em . Very handy , I have mine on the side of my fridge so whenever I need to clip a bag there they are : -RRB-
 I agree-nearly $ ... per clip is a little pricey in my book . Magnets could be stronger . I like the easy-to-spy colors and their versatility . They worked great for propping open cookbooks too large for a holder . You 'll get a lot of long use out of them .
 I agree with reviewer Jill , this is one of the most functional gadgets in my kitchen . I use them every day . I have 2 sets , one black & one white , and I just ordered a 3rd set in multicolor . They 're great for all kinds of food bags
 great as bag clips and magnets for holding small items . i read one of the reviews about hanging a dish towel from the magnet , tried that with mine , and even two magnets are n't stable enough where the magnets wo n't move around on the fridge . overrall , good buy , but the magnets are n't great .
 These are great and we use them all the time . They are super strong and can hold any bag and they store easily on your fridge . I love using them and we can always find them when we need to use one !
 These clips are very handy to have around for all sorts of things . I use one on the fridge to hang my dishtowel with , and with the magnet on it , works like a dream ! They are not too stiff to open , which is very nice , although they do hold items very securely . I think that children would have a great many uses for them as well , especially the brightly colored ones . I would definitely give them for an housewarming gift , as these have all sorts of uses that even I have n't thought of !
 If you need bag clips , and who does n't , these are for you . The magnetic base allows you to store them on the fridge and the heavy spring should last a long while .
 Well made , stylish , good looking clips with magnets . You could feel that they are a little expensive if you are willing to shop around in a $ store . A good filler item to get free shipping ; - -RRB-
 These bag clips are very strong and will not break or fall apart as some clips do . They do a great job of holding things together and keeping everything fresh and crisp . The color of the clips just add to the fun of using them . I am very glad I purchased them and have used them for many items .
 The spring is good and strong , the magnet is good and strong . These are much better than the cheap chip clips hanging from the J-hooks in the grocery store .
 I love these colorful little clips . They solve the modern age old problem of how to keep the snack chips fresh , as well as other kitchen duties . They do a great job in three ways
 Not too much to say about them , really ... Magnet clips . Good idea . Very Handy . Of the high quality we 've come to expect from OXO good grips . And they 're pretty fashionable-looking as well ... Face it , you 're going to have things stuck all over your refrigerator . You might as well be stylish about it !
 These clips are just terrific . Will last a long time unlike those cheap store bought ones . Everyone should own a set .
 For those of us out there that have lots of things stuck to their fridge this is a great saver . Not only do they come in cute bright colors but they are fantastic for holding onto a number of coupons , notes etc , we have even used it to hold medium weight things that normal magnets wo n't hold.A must for the busy kitchen .
 I have plenty of room on my fridge for storage . But not very much in cupboards and drawers . So some genius came up with the idea of sticking magnets on these babies , and they have n't gotten lost in our house since . I wish my walls were magnetic and more products could just be stuck on there for storage . Alright , that would look terrible , but these things are a great idea and they even look kind of nice and colorful decorating the fridge when they 're not holding bags of chips closed .
 These are well made and sturdy with a great grip . Use them to close bags and hold messages . The little magnet keeps them attached to any metal surface . Those other so called bag clips crack and fall apart . Not these . Must buy !
 These attractive little clips do just what they should . I use them on the bags inside cereal boxes .
 No complaints with the actual clips - everything is well designed . They are strong , durable , and easy to use -LRB- as most OXO stuff is -RRB- but ... they 're a little expensive .
 As a culinary historian and author of CALIFORNIA PIONEERS , THEIR STORIES , CULTURE AND CUISINE , I use these bag grips for much more than in the kitchen . Yes , they are handy to have in the kitchen , they stick to a refrigerator and the side of a stove . I use them to grab all sorts of items I need to keep handy when I am testing antique recipes ... oven mitts , notes , recipe cards , small bags of spices . And then there are the general uses , the logical ones that come to mind ... closing bags of chips and crackers . BUT WAIT ! Let 's not restrict Good Grips Bag Clips to the obvious ... I use them in my office ... just as they stick to a refrigerator they also stick to a metal file cabinet ... great for messages , outgong mail and `` TO-DO '' lists.These are also wonderful for organizing kid stuff ... give each child a set in their favorite color .
 There is n't too much to say about these clips -- they 're durable , a good size , and I love the colors . I purchased my previous set in a big box store , but could no longer find this exact set . I 've seen other models -LRB- smaller , varying sizes -RRB- , but this specific set is the one I love . All 4 I previously purchased are holding up well and have n't broken , I just wanted more , so that 's why I purchased these .
 I love these ! I keep them on my fridge when they are n't in use , and then they are always by my side when I need them .
 We received these as a wedding gift and they are the best clips . I always choose these over any others that we have . They feel very sturdy , hold well , and have not lost their springiness . We keep them on the refrigerator when not in use and the magnets hold up well . Never had one fall off or anything . Something about them is just superior to others . We even have some other OXO ones that are not as good as these . I could n't find them on amazon but they are the same colors , just look more like a clothespin shape .
 These are great clips . These clips hold the bag tightly shut . I will buy more in the future . The colors are great , but it would be nice if more colors were available
 These clips are great . We use them for anything and have had them in the fridge and freezer . They keep a nice tight seal and do not break in the freezer . Much better then the junk ones we bought before these .
 I just love these things ! I have had this set for about 4 years and not one has broken . I use them for chips as well as freezer items.Another feature that I enjoy is not having to dig through a kitchen drawer to find them since they stick to the fridge . ******* Update 11/07/08After 4 years I still have three of the 4 clips . Only one has broken and since they stick to the fridge I have not even lost one of the clips . This to me is impressive !
 I have a few `` chip bag type clips '' and they really are not as good as these new Oxo Good Grips clips . I love them . They can be used to keep any bag closed or even to hang notes on the fridge.Want to keep a page open in a cookbook ? They will hang out on your cookbook to help you out.The soft grip makes them easy to use and the rubber edge grips bags securely . They do n't slip off like those `` other '' bag clips . You know the ones.For bags of chips and everything else . Also keeps the bags of frozen veggies from spilling in the freezer ! ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . The pictures here can be confusing . I ordered these again and they look like the top picture not the optional picture .
 This is one of the most functional gadgets I have around the kitchen . Useful for closing a bag of chips or a pound of coffee beans . Magnetized so I can put shopping lists and messages on the fridge door . I like the assorted colors so each of us can clip our own bag of leftovers , etc. . OXO took a simple idea and improved it , making it multi-functional .
 There are many varied uses for this set of four `` Good Grips '' bag clips . I use mine to hold notices to my refrigerator door as well as to close previously opened bags of chips and as a filing system for monthly bills to keep my kitchen clutter to a minimum . They are sturdy and well made and easy to open for those of us with arthritis or carple tunnel syndrome . The first class quality is a customary feature of most OXO `` Good Grips '' products . Once you have a set of these clips , you 'll wonder how you managed to do without them for so long ! -LRB- At this price , consider ordering a second set ! -RRB-
 I bought these at a dollar store -LRB- different colors , though -RRB- , and they are AWESOME . Great grip ; they do n't warp like some of the long clips tend to , easy to spot in a drawer * , and cute looking . * I give them 4 stars because , as some people have mentioned , the magnet is really not good at all , unless all you want it for is to STORE them on the fridge surface . I was trying to hold a PICTURE -LRB- 8x10 -RRB- , and it kept sliding off.Still , they work wonderfully with any sized-bags , they are well assembled , and can stand freezed temperatures marvelously.Highly recommended .
 Until I got these as a bridal shower gift , I shopped at the dollar store for jumbo packages of clothespins , but those of us who are in the know , know that clothespins fall apart if you just look at them.I use them for anything that needs to be clipped in the fridge , freezer , cupboard or bathroom , and in a pinch -LRB- oops , pardon the pun -RRB- my sister used them to section my hair when she was coloring it , I kid you not!If I give something away that requires a clip , it get a clothespin . These guys are n't leaving the house.As far as the magnet problem , if you can , store them on the side of the fridge rather than the front .
 The OXO Good Grips Bag Clips are handy thing to keep around . They have a magnetic strip on the back so that they can be conviently placed on the refrigerator . The clip is covered with plastic so that the handles will not slip from your hands . The clips are multipurpose . They can be used to keep bags closed , or hold papers to the refridgerator . OXO bag clips are easy to use .
 These little clips can close open bags , hold coupons on the fridge , or keep your kid 's A + psper up for all to see ! I had a similar set of clips , but most broke , and I turned to these to substitute the others . Luckily for me , these were even better , holding single sheets of paper or a large bag shut ... with no trouble.A must-have ! I would recommend buying two sets , because you will find many uses for them once you start to use them !
 We recently ordered and received another batch of these high-performance clips from Oxo . We already had a set from years back . I came to write a review and started scanning reviews and was startled at how many less-than-fair star ratings are accumulating and read them . Well , almost all are of the nature of `` you can buy binder clips for less '' and one is from a consumer who was unhappy that the clips would not support kitchen TOWELS , another unhappy because they roll their snack bags and the clips could n't accommodate the `` girth '' of the roll , if you will . DO N'T be concerned about purchasing these clips , just look forward to receiving them . . they would make a nice small gift or a great little addition to a gift basket , we 've had the first set for more than four years and they still look NEW , their grip is still secure , they brighten up the kitchen , they are easy to use , I 've never had to clean them except for occasional `` wipe-off '' , we already have our second set purchased very recently and they are just as outstanding as the old ones , let me put it this way
 ***** OXO Clips are great . They are sturdy , virtually unbreakable , and have magnets on them so that you can stick them to the refrig , or they 'll stick together in a part of your drawer.I use them for everything . I 've stopped using those chip clips which slide off , and you also have to fiddle with them to get them on . Someone mentioned Binder Clips ... yes , but they are harder to get on and off , ugly , and very tight ; sometimes you want a clip that holds things together well but does n't crush them -- this is hard to explain , but I 'll just say that I find the amount of tension on the OXO Clips ideal.OXO makes easy-to-use real handy products , and I have never been disappointed in any of them . At this price , you can afford to try the clips out . You 'll probably want to buy more . Then you can use yellow for chips , red for cereal , blue for ... well , you get the picture ... if you want to get really organized and have fun , too ... -LRB- I 'm not that organized -RRB- . Great buy . *****
 You can get cheaper chip clips , but you truly get what you pay for . I felt very proud of myself when I found some copy-cat oxo clips at a dollar store . Again , you get what you pay for . The oxo brand not only has a very strong spring , it has a wide gripping aread , so it grabs more material than just one little point where it can pop off a bag of chips . The wider surface area also means that if you accidentally pinch your finger in there , it does n't take flesh off with it.The gripping area is also textured for a better grip . The plastic is thick and sturdy , so a thick bag of chips or a large bag of dog food is n't going to either send the clips flying into the air or breaking them.The magnets are very strong , so when you put these babies on your fridge , they 're not slowly sliding down all day long . I 've used them to hold coupons 5-thick and they have n't fallen down when the fridge door is closed like the cheaper brands.These are chip clips you can pass on to your grandkids ! Unless you run them over with your car , these babies are going to last .
 If you have a clip that holds this much - you 'd expect it not to slip either down the fridge , or let loose of its contents right ? This one performs well on all accounts .
 Good clips - not the cheapie kind you get at the dollar store . Should last a good while .
 Oxo has a winner with these.Small and convenient . There is a size or two up that I like the best from Oxo however . These work well for small bags and notes stuck to the fridge . The only beef I have with them is that the magnet strength is too weak . Bump this while walking past your fridge and they 'll fall to the floor.Otherwise , a good overall clip .
 These clips are very sturdy and the rubberized tips make them stay in place . I would order these again over the long horizontal clips sold in the supermarkets and they do n't take up too much room in the drawer . I like the colors too .
 These are awesome . I love that they stick to the fridge so I am always able to find them . Coincidentally they make an excellent way to hold heavy mail objects on your fridge as well ! They work fabulously ; could n't ask for more in a chip clip .
 Holds well and sticks to metal great value
 These clips will hold a lot , but the magnets are not that strong ... they fall off my fridge , if I put more than 4 pieces of paper in them . But for anything else , they are great !
 Like the 3 bears , I love a bowl of porridge in the morning . I like mine just right , like Baby Bear does , with a splash of milk , and maybe a drizzle of honey , or Golden Syrup if it 's a weekend . What I do n't love is when I take my first mouthful and have to spit it out all over the floor because I 've crunched into a weevil.Weevils were the bane of my , and my porridge oats ' , life before I happened upon this stupendous set of 4 bag clips from OXO . Now I can keep my oats in a plastic bag , safe in the knowledge that they 're sealed away from weevils and the destructive power of oxygen . Second only to weevil infestation is staleness , and odour from other products stored in the same cupboard as the oats . These Clips keep my oats fresh and tasty . Now everyone wants to gobble them down!Incidentally , reviewer Jenna is very perceptive when she claims `` these -LSB- OXO Good Grips Bag Clips , Set of 4 , Multi-Colored -RSB- have all sorts of uses that even I have n't thought of ! '' . I recently learned that Free Diver and Haircare specialist Tanya Streeter used these OXO clips on her nose when she successfully attempted her record breaking dive last year . Incredible , but not surprising , considering the robust nature of these wonderful OXO Bag Clips . Top marks . Buy , buy , buy !
 I really love these . They really are all-purpose . You can use them for chip bags , notes on the fridge , or just about anything else you may need a clip for . I like the heavy plastic because cheaper versions tend to break it there is too much tension .
 Great product that can be used in more than one way - clipping snack bags closed and attaching things to the refridgerator .
 The magnets are handy , and you can fit a bunch in a small space .
 The only reason I gave this item 4 stars was that I bought them for a shower gift and did n't try them . The bride requested them , however , and was thrilled to have them . -LRB- She loved the grips and the colors -RRB- .
 Pretty looking , big , seem strong enough . Those traits make it better than the cloths pin technique for closing bags.The magnet is too small for the size of the clip , to be useful for hanging things on the fridge . It gets knocked down too easily.Whatever .
 Finally , a chip clip that actually works . This clip actually grabs your bag , without slipping , and keeps chips fresh . I have tried the yellow ` chip clip ' , and the clips put out by Pampered Chef with no success . The yellow ` chip clip ' was not snug enough and took up a lot of space in my cabinet . The Pampered Chef clips were difficult to use effectively and almost impossible to close . Before I found Oxo I resorted to paper clips . The Oxo actually works . When not on a bag , I conveniently store it on my refrigerator . where it clips and holds my son 's artwork from his day at school . My only complaint - I use them so much , I need more . My three and a half year old enjoys playing with them as well and is able to hang and rehang his art .
 I love this salad spinner and use it almost everyday ... at least in the summer with fresh berries more available . It is also great for lettuce for smaller salads . I have the same one only larger to wash lettuce for larger salads . I love the way it washes and dries lettuce , berries , and herbs . No kitchen should be without a salad spinner , I think .
 This salad spinner is amazing ! It 's extremely well made and makes saladspinning nice and easy ! The salad comes out crispy and rinsed and ready to be served ! Happy to have bought this !
 SO glad I bought this spinner . Beats the ones in the store ANYDAY ! Do n't waste your money at Wal-Mart ... theirs is JUNK ! The bowl is nice and thick so you wo n't have to worry about it flexing . Basket is thick and tough so I do n't see it breaking anytime in the near or far future . Lid is nice and snug as well so it will keep your salad fresher longer .
 This spinner works great , and is a really nice size . It seems to be made pretty well , I hope it lasts a long time .
 This product is a good size . It is stable on the counter or sink when it is spinning . The spin mechanism works smoothly .
 Great salad spinner and does n't take up too much room . Warning , it is NOT dishwasher safe . I put the clear bowl part in the dishwasher and it came out slightly deformed , though I can still use it .
 This is the best salad spinner that I have ever owned . It is a little pricier than others , but as the saying goes ... `` You get what you pay for . ''
 This is a well made , efficient , spinner for your greens . Easy to clean , worth every penny of it 's reasonable price .
 I had purchased a lesser priced spinner a few years ago and had no idea how bad it was until acquiring the oxi salad spinner . This is how a sald spinner should work !
 I 've had a few of these over the years . For some reason I keep losing them when I move . I think my roommates love it as much as I do and just take it with them ! I try to eat healthy , with a lot of salads . This thing makes it super easy to clean the leafy greens . The bowl is very durable and can double as a serving bowl as well . It stores away nice and easy . Now if I can just stop losing these every time I move !
 Even if you just need to dry your socks this works fantasitcally ! It washes , dries and stores well . Get it !
 I bought one for me a few years ago . After watching my daughter in law try to dry her salad with a paper towel I ordered her one . I love mine and use it weekly and she said the same about hers . It really dries the salad well .
 Bought the small version which is enough for a four serving salad.Worked well and let you enjoy fresh lettuce!Only con is that it is a bit fragile .
 I am not sure why I waited so long to own one . I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE WAY THIS SPINNER WORKS !!
 I 've only used it a few times so far but it spins well and fast . It 's nice that the pump top collapses down for storage and the brake button is nice too . If you spin it empty it seems to have a slight wobble but that may not mean anything at all because it seems to be perfectly fine for spinning lettuce . Also it works great for leftover salad storage in the fridge because the water at the bottom is kept away from the leaves and they will stay fresher much longer.This is one of our favourite kitchen items because even though it is very bulky and takes up a significant amount of storage space , we think it is well worth having especially since we have a salad at dinner probably every other day .
 We received this as a gift . It is great . We have had the same one for about five years now , and it is always in use . We run it through the dishwasher and still holds up great . We would recommend it as a great gift . Hopefully the quality is still as good as it was when we got ours .
 Very easy to use and clean . It keeps salad and greens from being waterlogged . I would recommend it to others .
 I started working nights and my wife does not cook so I had to start pre-making dinner . This item has been a lifesaver to create fresh salads which can be stored . I purchased the large one . I can use the bowl to ice bath the lettuce and then empty it into the collander and dry it . I also use the bowl to then toss the salad with dressing . This item also allows me to wash fresh fruit like starberries and grapes , then spin dry and store in tupperware for the week . A must needed product for any kitchen . Do n't skimp , get the big one , you will need it . I highly recommend this product .
 My niece recommended this to me and I use it often . Easy to use , clean and then put away.I highly recommend it , especially if you 're a salad junkie like me !
 You wo n't be disappointed . The bowl is very large and will accomodate a hefty amount of greens .
 Once you try this spinner , you will never go with a crank handle again . Using this , you have to wonder , why did it take so long to come up with something so simple , yet so good ?
 We received this OXO Good Grip 32480 salad spiner just in time because our old one was broken . This one works very well and it is so easy to operate . We simply love it !
 I love to make salad but I do n't always make it because of the process of washing , drying , etc. . I can cut all my lettuce , wash it all at once and store it in the bowl with the lid . The lettuce stays fresh for a long time and I can use it as I need to . The spinner removes almost all the water from the salad . I like the collapsable spinner too . Good investment .
 I love my salad spinner . I wanted one for a long time , and finally bought it here . The price is excellent , it is sturdy , and so handy - no more soggy salads for me !!
 I bought my OXO mini salad spinner months ago , and it is still in great shape . `` Mini '' is misleading -- it is plenty big enough to make a salad for a family . I also spun all of the moisture out of frozen green beans for my Thansgiving green bean casserole ! I bought one for my mother for Christmas . This is no cheap , wimpy salad spinner !
 Best spinner I have ever used.Zyliss with the pull cord was my previous one which was terrible to clean -LRB- cord got mildew and broke eventually -RRB- and was hard to use by comparison.One of the best features is the ability to store spun dried greens right in the spinner . There is a storage lid.I make a salad every night and use tons of greens a week . This has been a life saver . I can not imagine living without this spinner . I used to fill the sink and wash greens before I got this . Now I use less water and get cleaner results.Also great for cleaning parsley and cilantro . I drop of detergent in the wash water is good for cleaning any left over pesticides often found on these herbs .
 I have one and just bought another one for my Mom because she loved it when visiting me . She already has 2 different types of spinner but they were not attractive , not useful , and do not work well . Buy this and you will be set .
 This is the way to go ! I usually eat ready made salad in a bag . Now I make my own salad in a bag . You 'll be amazed how crisp salad can be . Buy it you wont regret it !
 This salad spinner is quite a bit more costly thanother cheaper ones , but worth every penny!Very good quality , solid and spins like a charm.Bought it a year ago and it gets tons of use fromme and my 3 roomies ! Even has a brake ... : - -RRB- You get what you pay for as they say !
 If you LOVE not having water collect at the bottom of your salad bowl , then you 'll LOVE this spinner ! Easy to use , easy to clean . I wash my lettuce , chop it up , then spin it it this spinner , then let it sit in the fridge until dinner . Excellent product !
 This is a great product . I eat salads everyday -LRB- sometimes 2 times a day . -RRB- I was having such a hard time getting all of the water out of my lettuce after cleaning and rinsing it . This product works excellent , it is sturdy and well made . I am very happy to have found this product , it was well worth the money . -LRB- I would have paid more ... a great product . -RRB- If you eat alot of salad , or if you eat salads occassionally this product is a must for you . The lettuce will last a lot longer if you clean it and then spin it . After I spin it I wrap the lettuce in a paper towel and put it into an OPEN zipper bag . -LRB- I clean , spin and put lettuce in bag the day I buy it from the store.Makes it stay fresh and it makes it easy to make a salad because lettuce is ready to go each time you need it . -RRB- Before I had the spinner , Even though I eat salad everyday I was still having to throw away lettuce due to it going bad -LRB- in a week -RRB- Water is the enemy . If lettuce is wet it will go bad fast . Get this and have fun with your salads and NEVER throw any lettuce away again .
 As with all the Oxo products I own this is well made and works perfectly . I have used it on leafy greans and berries . I think it would also work well to remove water after rinsing morel mushrooms and would n't break them into pieces ! I highly recommend this !
 This salad spinner is terrific ; all types of greens are just perfect when they finish a good spin . I am also preparing fresh garden vegetables for freezing and the salad spinner is just the right ticket to remove the remaining water from peas and beans . This product works as stated and I love it .
 I always hated trying to clean and dry garden lettuce until I purchased my salad spinner . It is wonderful ! I pick the lettuce , put it in a bucket of water and soak for a few minutes , dump it out and spin it in batches . I purchased the large spinner and it is not too large to store . The small would not have worked for me . We make big salads in this house . I wish I had purchased it years ago !
 This is actually my second salad spinner . My first salad spinner wasArcosteel Deluxe Salad Spinner . You would n't think getting the wrong salad spinner would make a difference , but it does . The Acrosteel with its crank was so awkward to use that I found myself wishing I had spent a little more and got this one instead . When it cracked and broke I knew this was the one I wanted . The fact that it is operated by pushing down a button make it so easy to use that it really does live up to the claim of only taking one hand . Even if I am juggling other tasks this is easy to use . It also cleans up well and if you do n't have a lot of space for kitchen gadgets the basket doubles well as a strainer . This is a really nice product that is durable and works well . I own countless OXO products and this , like the others , lives up to the price and reputation .
 I have been using this salad spinner for about a month and it works . Salad is claened well when in the wet cycle , and gets pretty dry during the dry spin
 The large spinner does exactly what it says it will - a great salad dryer , and does n't mush things up as some do . It does not skid on the countertop or tip easily , either , when you start a spin.I 'm very happy with this -LRB- as was the individual who used it for the first time -RRB- - it 's well-built and solid , easy to use , and stores any leftovers very nicely -LRB- take out the mesh basket first and lock down the spinner button and there you have it ! -RRB-
 She has used it for -LRB- 3 -RRB- years . No complaints from her lips to my ears . I do not know what else to say about a salad spinner .
 I saw this one at my sister 's house . Tried it , loved it . Bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days . I saw it at my local Target store for the same price . So , if you do n't want to drive to your local Target store . Buy it here , it costs the same and you save time .
 Works just as expected . OXO seems to always make quality products and this is no exception . Easy to use .
 I have needed a solution to wet salad - this is it ! I usually forget to wash the salad until right before we eat it & it always ends up wet & soggy . Now the salad gets clean & dry right before we eat it .
 Instead of some kind of pull string , this has a huge button you have to pump to get it spinning . So as a result , there 's a large projection from the bottom of the lid down into the bowl . You kind of have to work around it and not stack your lettuce too much in the middle of the bowl .
 It 's amazing that somebody finally did sell something what does exactly that it was advertised to do ... and I thank you graciously !
 I bought this as a Xmas gift for my brother and when I went to visit him , I used it and loved it so much -LRB- I wanted to take it home with me ... but did n't !!! -RRB- BUT I did drop a HUGE hint to my hubby about how I wish I had one , too and proceeded to ditch my tupperware spinner -LRB- you need the force of a small nation to spin that thing when you have a lot of lettuce in there !!! -RRB- and I 'm happy to report that I got one -LRB- as a birthday gift ... yipee !!! -RRB- It is incredibly easy to use and now I do n't have to struggle with cleaning and spinning lettuce anymore ! We eat salads every night with dinner so you can only imagine how TRULY happy my biceps and forearms are now ! In fact ... I think I heard a sigh of relief from them when I opened the box ! : - -RRB-
 The spinner is better made , more versatile , and more effective than advertised -- with better-than-average capacity . I avoided purchasing this model for some time because of the central centrifugal button , but that is part of its novelty and efficiency . Well done !
 This salad spinner is easy to use and easy to clean , and I use it even more than I thought I would . The press-down spinning device could not be easier , and it seems more sturdy than salad spinners that operate with a pull-string . It does very well to get water out of lettuce - to get it bone dry , though , spin the lettuce twice then add a couple paper towels and spin again .
 The Oxo Good Grips salad spinner is a good product . It is sturdy and easy to use as well as easy to disassemble and wash . The basket is removable and doubles as a collander . The bowl could also be used as a salad bowl .
 This product is really easy to use and does exactly what its supposed to . We have a share in an organic farm through our local CSA and you would n't believe how many bags of fresh organic lettuces and greens we get each year . It goes without saying that anytime you 're getting produce that was picked less then 24 hours ago at the farm , you 're also getting lots of nice farm soil also . This little beauty makes quick work of our greens leaving them dry , and in good shape -LRB- not all bruised or mangled -RRB- . Plus if you 've got the fridge space it makes a great storage device for the freshly washed and dried greens since the few drops of water left will drip down and keep them from either getting soggy , or dried out .
 I purchased the Mini salad spinner because it was all I could afford at the moment but I was so surprised when I actually got it and used it . It sure packs a punch for a little thing . I easily spinned 4 salad servings in it . That 's right , salads enough for 4 people in the small version ! But that 's not even the best part . I love this little gadget and there will never be another watery dressed salad for me . It spins everything nice and dry , it has a non slip footprint which I love , and the best part is how well the lettuce keeps in it . I am not exaggerating when I say it kept chopped lettuce -LRB- almost -RRB- as good as new for 3 weeks ! I had it in the back of the fridge and forgot about it , when I pulled it out the lettuce still looked better than that of the lettuce found at some restaurants these days ! It only had a little browning - that occurs anytime when lettuce is cut with a stainless steel knife blade . I remedied that with my new OXO lettuce knife . But this spinner really would keep your lettuce fresh and crisp for a week if need be . Especially since it comes with a handy lid ! After you are done spinning , take the spinner off and put the regular lid on and you can store it in the fridge . I 'm sure that would cut down on a lot of waste , and you would get your money 's worth out of that head of lettuce . It keeps it longer than that but I 'm sure no one would want 3 week old lettuce . I will gladly buy the full size one of these days , but I ca n't see the need yet , as the small one does so well for me .
 This is one heck of a spinner ! I 've darn near gotten up to centrafuge speeds with just a few easy pumps . Great for drying off all kinds of fruits and vegetables . What I use it for most is drying potato slices before making french fries . This spinner dries them better than any other method I 've tried.One bit of advice
 The OXO tools are really functional pieces of art . Not only do they look good , they work great !! If you have arthritis , carpel tunnel or any other disability involving your hands and arm , this is an excellent piece of equipment for you . Moreover , for those of you with young kids , this spinner provides the perfect entertainment for your child who will love the spinning mechanism and you will be able to have your child participate in helping prep for dinner or lunch . A tool for all generations . Fun to look at , but more important , easy to use . Storage is a snap . You will not put this salad spinner on the front lawn at your next garage sale . This one is a keeper . You also might want to consider giving this tool to an older friend or relative who would really appreciate the ease of use . Highly , highly recommended !
 This is the second in the line of salad spinners that I own , the other being the larger OXO spinner and in my opinion , they are the best on the market ! Just the right size for small portions or a whole bunch of herbs!I would like to recommend in addition , to those of you that own both the small and large , the accessory set . The berry bowl will fit inside both and do a fantastic job of protecting those delicate items . Both size lids are included as well as a non-metalic knife for cutting and mincing .
 I grew up in a household in which no one had even heard of a salad spinner let alone used one . I have worked for several years in the restaurant industry and I find having a salad spinner indispensable . I use one every day . For those of you who are not used to using one , they can only be compared to beating your clothes against a rock rather than washing them in a machine . You get your greens much cleaner and they are nice and dry when you finish so the dressing does n't slide off . I use the outer bowl to soak the greens in and then I dump them in the strainer part and spin away . Easy . The pump model is great because you can use it with only one hand -LRB- feel free to use your other hand for any purpose you like -RRB- and the OXO construction , as usual , is solid . You will wonder what you did before you owned this .
 Easy to use , very effective and great looking . I 've tried the others - string pulled and cranked - and this is simply the best .
 I have put off buying this item as I felt it was a `` fad . '' Well , how wrong can person be . I am above retirement age and I have always struggled with keeping lettuce fresh for any period of time . This system with washing the lettuce in cold water , spinning it in the OXO and then using the other top to make the spinner a storage unit is the best ever . My lettuce stays crisp -LRB- sometimes crisper than originally -RRB- for as long as it takes two of us to eat a head of Romaine . Great product !
 Yes , thats right ... 4 and 8 and they actually eat salad ! The trick is they get to use this spinner to wash and dry the leaves . I fill the bowl with water , swish the leaves , use the colander to strain it , and then let the kids spin it dry . We use it the same way for berries and grapes . Letting them `` swish '' in the water makes them seem cleaner than just rinsing under the sink.Its dishwasher safe , making clean up twice as easy , and you can use the bowl for serving which means fewer dishes . I 've had mine over a year , and can officially say its worth every penny !
 A wonderful little kitchen helper . Finally I do n't have tofight with the crank kind of lettuce cleaner . Very convenient !
 This product is not only easy to use with the good grip handle it 's also mess free . All you do is press a few times and the spinner does the work . The handle also locks down for storage . I do n't recommend that you put this in the dishwasher though because the bowl will warp . But it 's so easy to clean you do n't need to run it through in the dishwasher . Highly recommended .
 I do n't know how to cook , but I know how to eat . And I am picky to the point of obsession . I always though salad spinners were a joke , until I used one of these . My boyfriend actually picked it up the one time per year that he goes shopping . I tried it to humor him . Well , the joke is on me , because I LOVE it . I use green leaf lettuce , and it is very difficult to keep crisp . I 've thrown out a lot of lettuce in my day , but no more . I can now keep lettuce for at least 10 days if I leave it in the spinner . I am going to be getting this salad spinner for all of my closest friends for Christmas . How 's that for planning ahead ?
 If you never buy another kitchen gadget in your life , buy this one . I am overwhelmed with it 's efficiency and simplicity . After FORTY YEARS of fighting the wet greens problem , I have a savior . No more rolling my greens in cotton towels , no more mess , no more drippy salads . This is a jewel of a product .
 Simply put , the Oxo salad spinner receives such stellar reviews because it is an extremely well designed product , that operates on a simple principle , and works fantastically well . Given a choice , almost everyone would prefer fresh , clean vegetables and fruit . However , washing them usually leaves you with the problem of excess water , and that is where the Oxo comes in.The spinner has three components , the bowl , the basket , and the lid . Put your vegetables , fruit , or whatever you want to drain off excess liquids from , in the basket . Place the basket in the bowl , resting on the center pin at the bottom of the bowl . Release the spring loaded handle , and then while holding down the lid , push down on the handle a few times . The centrifugal force generated from spinning the contents in the basket , draws liquid and small debris to the outer walls of the bowl . What remains in the basket is relatively dry , and excess water and debris can be discarded.The bowl is made of extra hard plastic , that is shaped so that it is difficult to tip over , even when the basket is spinning at high speed . The rubber on the bottom of the bowl provides traction , and helps keep the bowl from spinning , or tipping over , while you are pumping . There is very little friction between the spinning basket , and the bowl and lid , and it is quite remarkable how long the basket will keep spinning if you just let it spin . There is a button on the top of the lid that acts as a brake , and will slow and stop the basket . To maintain a minimum profile , there is a sliding lever that locks down the spring loaded handle into the lid . Although holding the lid down is recommended , even when spinning at high speed , the lid seems to stay in place pretty securely . It is kind of hard to see the mechanism inside the lid , but hopefully any metal parts are corrosion resistant , as these would probably be the only things that might normally fail.The Oxo spinner is a little pricey , and takes up quite a bit of space , but with a near perfect design , it is highly recommended if you enjoy serving a terrific salad . It appears to be made of high quality materials , that should provide excellent results for a very long time , and is available in a variety of colors and sizes . If you get one , the odds are very high that you will love it . Bon appetite !
 Great product . The only thing I can say negative about it is that one must be careful about overloading it . Otherwise it is the best thing I have added to my kitchen in a while .
 I love the salad spinner , because not only does it make a quick and easy job out of cleaning lettuce and removing the excess water , it 's also great for storing lettuce in the fridge . Lettuce keeps fresher for longer , because the container keeps the lettuce from drying out , while as the basket insert protects the lettuce from sitting in too much moisture . This product is extremely convenient for people like me , who like to eat quick yet healthy meals , and , AND !! it 's dishwasher safe
 This is a very good spinner at a very good price . Most of the previous reviews are dead-on EXCEPT they neglect to mention that this spinner does the great job of removing sand from red lettuce & other exotic greens , including dandelion , radish greens etc -RRB- not to mention spinach ! I bought it for that reason alone -LRB- the drying aspect can be done by cheaper ones -RRB- and sometimes it takes two rounds to get all the sand but eventually the greens come clean!Highly recommended for people who take their fresh greens -LRB- whether for salad or juicing -RRB- seriously .
 Before Hurricane Katrina , I owned both a large and small OXO GOOD GRIPS salad spinner . They are the easiest to use for arthritic hands . Just push down on the top , and it spins it 's little heart out . And it has a button to put the brakes on !! I had used several types before these , but these are by far the best . I would recommend these to anyone . I am still trying to replace everything I lost a little at at time -LRB- 19 months post-Katrina -RRB- , and will soon be buying 2 brand new , mold-free , OXO salad spinners .
 The price ... come on , how many of these are you going to buy - it is worth the price to not have soggy salad or to try to towel dry another berry ! The size is perfect of a small famil like mine - a mom , a dad and a daughter . I like that I can store it easily in the cupboard and it fits in the middle shelf of my fridge ! + + +
 This really is the best . But , as mentioned on America 's Test Kitchen , dont overload the spinner , and dont expect the greens to be bone dry . The only thing that competes is the time honored method of whirling a pillowcase with your greens . Both methods can be done one handed . Granted , the time honored way uses more calories , but it also requires a great deal more space -LRB- unless you want to hit your guests in the face or some other body part . -RRB- Also great for those `` delicate '' fruits , as raspberries , blueberries , strawberries , etc.Even better , the handle locks down so it doesnt take up tons of space in the cupboard ! . There is also a cover that you can use , if you wish to store the greens in the frig for a period .
 I HAVE USED MANY SALAD SPINNERS , AND FOUND THIS PRODUCT TO BE THE BEST BY FAR.SPINS SALADS AND GREENS DRY , AND HAS A SMALL RUBBER STOPPER TO STOP THE SPINNING AT YOUR CONVIENCE
 It 's an absolute joy to use , and that 's the truth ! The two spinners I had before it were hard to use ; they jumped around the counter unless held with a sort of bear-hug , leaked water outside the rim , etc. . But this one stays put on the counter , the lid fits tightly and it 's so-o-o easy to spin using the push top mechanism . If you need to stop it , that 's easy too . I bring home and grow LOTS more greens now , and love that it takes so little effort and time to prepare them for salads . You 'll love it too !
 Veggie people will love this . It is sturdy , very easy to use , and more effective at drying lettuce , etc. than any spinner I have owned . The bonus is you can use it to store in the frig and it keeps salad beautifully . Highly recommend .
 I was familiar with this product , having used one at my sister 's house . I like to wash the lettuce leaves of romaine lettuce that I use for most salads . I had been setting the leaves on a clean towel and letting air dry , but that takes way too long . This is much more efficient . The leaves do n't get dry , but they lose most of the water from rinsing . I would recommend this product .
 We just received this and so far it seems to work well but be aware that the spinning mechanism goes down into the salad bowl and takes up capacity that could otherwise be used for more salad . It 's not a big deal to make space for it but the capacity is n't that big to begin with .
 I use this for both washing/rinsing and spinning my leafy produce . -LRB- For washing , I just fill the bowl with water , swish around the greens , then lift the inner basket to drain , and repeat . -RRB- It 's sturdy and easy to clean . -LRB- It takes up a lot of room in the drainer , but I ca n't really see a way around that for a spinner this size . -RRB- I do n't use it for storing produce because it takes up too much room in the fridge ; I transfer to a bag for storage . I wish it was n't so expensive , but I 've been satisfied with my purchase .
 In our house , I might do most of the cooking , but my wife is the Salad Queen . She loves salads , and loves making them . She did n't like to buy anything but bagged greens because she said that the cost savings were canceled out by the `` quality '' of bagged products , and the lack of effort . Now that she 's been using this salad spinner for a while , she admits that she was missing out , all along.This thing is easy -- EASY -- to use , and easy to clean . We buy some greens , prep them , spin them , make a salad , and leave the rest in the spinner , in the fridge . My wife agrees that the freshness , crispness , and flavor of non-bagged lettuce or spinach makes it almost impossible to think about going back to her `` bagged days '' . The leftover greens also last much longer than the bagged goods . Leaving flavor out of the equation , this item paid for itself in two weeks -LRB- we eat a lot of salad -RRB- . If you eat a lot of salad
 I really like this spinner . It is larger than I was expecting -- perfect size for a salad for two people . It is easy to use . In addition to drying greens , I have used it to spin excess juice out of salted summer squash and cabbage .
 I 've been using the salad spinner everyday for over a month , and it 's been great ! I purchased it to help with the cleaning -LRB- and de-sanding -RRB- of home-grown greens and herbs , and I 'm so impressed that it readily stores and keeps them fresh all week long ! I am not a gadget person , but I ca n't believe I have n't had this in my twenty years of home-owning . If you are a CSA or farmers ' Market user , you need to invest in this product .
 Love this spinner . I had purchased the original OXO salad spinner a few years ago . Due to limited space , I made the mistake of giving the spinner away and buying a series -LRB- I do mean series -RRB- of smaller spinners . I have never been happy with the quality of these spinners , but now I have come home . This is a perfect salad spinner for two adults , depending on the type of salad its big enough for four.This is compact , light and sturdy ! I would highly recommend .
 I purchased the OXO large salad spinner and it is the best salad spinner I have ever used . The bowl is very large and it really spins the water out . The bottom has a soft gripper `` ring '' on it and it does n't move around in my sink or scratch it up . To wash my lettuce first I pull out the basket , spray in my veggie wash and fill the clear bowl up about half way . I then insert my basket and put my lettuce in . I drain off the water and then use the same procedure for a rinse and then I spin . I use the OXO to store my lettuce in the refrigerator and it lasts so much longer and I have very little waste . I debated on buying the smaller version but am very happy that I got the larger bowl . I buy the bags of Romaine hearts and can do the entire bag in one shot .
 After purchasing my greens , I wash them in cold water . Then , spin them in my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner . Then I place them on paper towels . I roll them up loosely and place them in a zip-top bag that I have sucked all the air out with a straw . Normally , my greens keep for barely a week . Now even after two weeks they are still good . I am very happy with my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner .
 An excellent product . I 've been using spinners like this for years and consider it one of the most useful kitchen gadgets I 've ever owned . I use it typically once or twice a week , sometimes more often.It works very well not just as a spinner to remove water , but also as a crisper . Limp lettuce becomes crisp again within hours or even minutes of refrigerator storage in the spinner . I leave a teaspoon or two of water in the bottom , which seems to help keep the lettuce crisp . Romaine stays crisp for days when washed , spun , and stored in this thing in my refrigerator.I use it to wash and spin-dry cilantro , too .
 I purchased this item under the advice of my oldest son . My wife and I love to make a large salad that lasts for about 3 days but would n't you know it , moisture from the different vegetables spoil it sooner . So I looked up different spinners and found this one . A bit pricey it thought at first but worth every penny . I chop , slice , shred , dice or drain and pour my salad content into the bowl . And like a little kid , make the excess water go away . Just pop up the plunger and giving it a few presses . -LRB- OK , so I 'm having too much fun spinning it all around -RRB- The water is on the bottom , and the salad is dryer in the basket . Just wash your items chop them up , spin them down , serve and eat . Our salads have lasted almost a week now saving us lots of money and time . Easy to use , easy to clean , sturdy but a bit large for some . A definite recommendation from me .
 Read all reviews before buying . We are so satisfied with this salad spinner . It holds one head of romaine , the kind you get with three in a package . Perfect size for family of four . Dishwasher safe on top shelf . And easy as pie to assemble and use . We also use it for cleaning fruit and veggies from the garden .
 Love the push action , love the large capacity and ease of cleaning . The one thing I would like that this does not have but that my previous spinner had is the ability to spin in alternating directions to get even more water off . Right now I spin once , then reach in and agitate the leaves to rearrange them , and then spin again , just to make sure there is n't water hiding out places where a unidirectional spin would n't get them .
 I used to think salad spinners were silly . Why would I need a special bowl to wash my lettuce ? But I often found myself out on the front porch , with my lettuce wrapped in a kitchen towel , trying to fling the extra moisture out and NOT loose the lettuce to the front lawn.One day , I broke down and bought myself a salad spinner . Since then , we are eating more salads and healthy greens , because they are so easy to clean . No more grit ! You can use it for more than lettuce . How about cilantro ? That is notoriously difficult to clean . Fresh herbs and greens such as kale and spinach are a breeze to prepare with the aid of this handy little bowl.This particular model would save space for an apartment dweller . Just dump the cleaned greens into the clear bowl and serve the salad . There is an additional lid so that you can cover the leftovers and put them right into the refrigerator .
 This product may represent the pinnacle of human acheivement -- at least in terms of home salad preparation . I had no idea that raw spinach could get so dry after a thorough rinsing . I 'm unimpressed with the bulk required for a one-trick-pony product in my small kitchen , but it is such an amazing trick that its worth it .
 This spinner is so great my Mom stole mine so I have to give her one for Christmas so I can get mine back .
 Well , so did I . But I 've been using this spinner nearly every day since I got it , and I just LOVE it . What 's not to love ? It 's easy to clean , both the bowl and the colander piece can be used seperately , and cleaning fresh-from-the-garden veggies is no longer a chore.You ca n't beat the price , and OXO makes solid products . Try it - you 'll be using it constantly in no time .
 The OXO salad spinner works great , and it is convenient that the plunger can be locked down to use the bowl for storage . You may want to consider the smaller size spinner unless you prepare huge salads - it is quite bulky to store .
 This is just yet another well thought-out product from OXO . It does exactly what it sets out to do - spin your greens - with suitable competence and a minimum of drama . It stays put pretty well in use and is entirely ambidextrous . If you can mash a big button straight down , you can use this.I 've had one for four or five years , and am replacing it only because after all those salads , the push mechanism seems to finally be wearing out . For the price vs number of uses , I ca n't complain . The bowl has been through the dishwasher many times . Likewise the basket - if you use the heated dry , it may come out a bit oval , but I 'd always been able to bend it back while still warm . No complaint there - lots of plastic things get soft in the dishwasher . The basket just seems to suffer more because it 's larger than any other of my plastic items . If it can go through the wash sitting flat on the rack , rather than tilted , it seems to be entirely unaffected.As others have noted , the spinner is a bit large , but it does double-duty as a serving bowl . If you 're really cramped for space , or do n't need to be able to wash and dry a whole head of lettuce , have a look at the mini version of this .
 I purchased this Spinner a few years ago and use it maybe once every few weeks . It works great for its intendend purpose - salads and veggies , but I also like to use it for pasta . If you 're going to make a pasta salad and want to strain out all the water before you mix it all up with your ingredients , this works great . Like many others , I am one who likes to read the 1-star reviews 1st before deciding to purchase anything and after reading them for this , all I have to say is - I have n't tried any other salad spinners to compare this to , but maybe it is possible that the 1-star reviewers just got ` lemons ' or could be that maybe this is n't good for every-single-day use ? Who knows , all I know is I am giving this 5-stars because I give mine what I would think is ` normal ' use and it works wonderfully !
 This thing is great . Perfect for a small family and does n't hog up all the cupboard space .
 This salad spinner is easy to use and it works great . It has a rubber ring around the bottom that holds it in place when you spin and all of the pieces are easy to clean .
 I have grown my own sprouts in a big jar with some window screen rubber-banded over it since 1979 . They are very easy to grow and incredibly nutritious -LRB- much more so than lettuce . -RRB- But getting them dried off so they wo n't mold in storage has always been a hassle until I bought this salad spinner . I dump my sprouts into the spinner and fill it up with water . Then I slosh the sprouts around which causes the seed hulls to float to the top where you can slosh them right on out of the bowl . Lift up the inner bowl , dump the water from the outer bowl , spin the sprouts and they are immediately ready for storage . I do n't store them in the spinner , but I suppose I could .
 What more could you want ? Rubber base keeps it stable , no string to pull , has a lock feature and the bowl makes an attractive salad bowl when you 're finished . And of course , it works .
 After using a cheap salad spinner that banged up my knuckles every time I used it , the OXO is like coming out of the stone age into the 21st century . I like that the basket sits in a container rather than having to put it in the sink so the water will have someplace to go . It spins smoothly and easily . You need to get one .
 I have used this salad spinner for about 5 years and really like it . I recently purchased one for my sister as she was complaining about the cheap one she has . It works better than any others I have used , but like all of them can be a bit difficult to clean . I just rinse it thoroughly right after use so that nothing dries inside it .
 I would n't prepare a salad without my salad spinner . Placing a paper towel in with the greens helps dry them faster , too.Recently I found a new use for the basket and bowl . They work great for rinsing and sorting dried peas or beans . Put them in the basket , fill the bowl with water , swish and sort , then lift out the basket to drain , and rinse the ` dirty ' bowl under running water . Do this a few times and your dried veggies are ready to cook or soak . You can let them soak in the bowl if you wish . This beats my old way of washing dried peas or beans in a heavy bowl or pot .
 I had a small oxo salad spinner and loved it for my herbs . I needed a large size to be able to spin my greens more quickly . I just returned from finding and purchasing the large size . To make a great item even better -- the spinner was on sale too . I am a really happy person today .
 I am anti-gadgets having discovered in the past I use them once or twice , and then I forget I have them or they do n't work very well , and end up taking up valuable space.After rave reviews , I finally caved and bought the salad spinner . This is a FABULOUS kitchen tool . It really spins the salad leaves well with minimal effort . I now use it every time I have salad . NO MORE WET SALAD!In addition , there are multiple uses with the bowl . Serve your salad in it , store your salad in it , etc. .
 The OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner is an excellent product . I 'm very pleased with my purchase and would definitely recommend it to others .
 I had wanted this salad spinner for qulte a while but was unable to find it until I went on Amazon.com to search . For me -LRB- I have M.S. -RRB- it is easy to use and clean in all aspects . My husband and I eat many salads during the week and this was a joy to find and use . The size of the bowls are perfect and the ease to use the spinner for drying makes preparing meals much easier .
 This handy gadget is great for making salads that are crisp , cold , flavorful and fresh , without water dripping everywhere . After I soak the lettuce -LRB- or other veggie -RRB- in cold salt water , I place it in the spinner and all the water is extracted beautifully . My salads are so much better now , and if the item is a bit wilted this freshens it up a treat . I recommend this gadget to salad lovers and dieters alike .
 It is handy to wash your vegetables/lettuce in the basket and place back in the non-skid bowl . The kids have had a great time helping out with the salads as long as they get a chance to `` spin '' the salad . Simple press on the top and it will spin for awhile , without moving on the counter top . Leaving hands free for other preparations to be done . It also has a brake to stop the salad in mid-spin , if needed ; and a lock button to hold the handle down for easy storage . It is nice to also use the bowl and extra lid for storing any uneaten salad . Would highly recommend this for anyone who loves to eat salads and store in refigerator . Keeps the lettuce crisp!RE
 I have wanted this salad spinner for a long time , especially after seeing it on Good Eats . I finally decided to get it since there was a bonus item and other discount , and I could n't be more thrilled . It is so much better than my cheapie salad spinner . It is very easy to use ; the plastic is nice and heavy ; and the rubber ring under the bowl keeps it from sliding around . It will definitely get a lot of use in my house .
 Works well ... removes all water . All plastic parts come apart and rinse easily . The plunger also has a lock to keep it out of the way during storage.It also doubles as a children 's toy . My two-year old loves to sit on the floor and play with it . He presses the plunger and makes it spin faster and faster .
 Very good for the quality and price.The lettuce stays crispy and it is easy to clean . Buy it , you wo n't regret it !
 This salad spinner is one of the easiest to use . It holds a lot and really spin dries not only lettuce but pastas as well .
 Handy item to have when making salads . Works well removing water after rinsing salad ingredients and is quality made . Easy to clean & store .
 This is without a doubt the one of the best , and I 've actually tried a few . I 've had mine for four years now and it still WORKS as good as the day I bought it . Never mind comments about it being too bulky -LRB- smaller versions are available -RRB- . If you make a lot of salads , this is a must have . It 's sturdy and wrings salad dry within 1-2 spins . Most importantly , no awlful hand cranks that can brake off . For this kind of quality , it 's worth every penny .
 I love this salad spinner , no more soggy , wet salads . It works wonderfully with all kinds of veggies that I bring in from the garden . It is so easy , stable and well made that even my 3 year old has it mastered .
 There are few things that are perfect for their purpose . This is one of them .
 I bought this spinner to replace my old pull cord version . That cord was always flopping out of the cupboard and being generally annoying . I love how this version is self contained and you can push the pump down and lock it in place for storage . Dries my greens quickly !
 This was an early Christmas gift from my husband -LRB- since he FOUND his present in the closet early -RRB- . I 've been wanting this since seeing it mentioned in , I think it was , Cooks Illustrated magazine . I have n't gotten to use it much , but what use it 's had so far , it 's great !
 I got this item with the express intention of using it to wring out tofu , which it does pretty well . There is some crumbling , and it does n't get as dry as leaving it in -LRB- wasteful -RRB- paper towels for hours , but it does n't take hours , either . I 've also used it to wring excess moisture out of onions and other vedge to avoid soggy end-results -LRB- as advised by the great and mighty Alton -RRB- . And who knows ? maybe some day lettuce or other salad greens may actually see the inside of this thing . Also , the basket is a quick and handy second colander if your primary colander is already taken -LRB- just avoid heat ; I do n't think it 'd like that much -RRB- , and the outer bowl is handsome enough to double as a serving bowl.I like the Good Grips series overall , although it is a bit heavy on gadgety items . But this one in particular is well-designed , and the extra you pay for the ergonomics is worth it . It says what it does ; it does what it says.A word of advice for those who wish to try my silly scheme
 There are less expensive salad spinners , but this is ultimately the one to rely on . It is worth every penny . The ergonomic OXO design is flawless , as usual , and easy to use with wet hands during a flurry of preparation activity like making a quick dressing . I particularly like the pump action which leaves me free to multitask while getting the dry leaves I insist on . This is a much better approach than a hand-cranked or battery-operated spin system , approaches that wound up in the trash . I keep a year around kitchen garden , so this OXO spinner gets a daily workout . It is dishwasher safe and sturdy enough to take the bowl and basket with me into the garden . The practical design makes rinsing and drying a snap . I fill the basket and bowl with fresh-picked lettuce and top it off with water for a quick soak to loosen any soil or organic visitors , then pour off the water , removing the bowl to rinse . A good trick for crispy greens is to refill the bowl with fresh water and drop a few ice cubes in with the greens for a few minutes . Meanwhile , make a quick , fresh dressing in the bottom of your serving bowl . Rinse and spin dry . Place the dry leaves on top of the dressing and do n't toss until you get to the table . Do n't have a garden ? Grow mesclun mix in a large pot for a continual harvest using scissors , leaving the roots in place . A mere 35 days from seed to table . Try Renee 's Garden `` Paris Market Mix . '' Cleaned , dry greens get very crisp and store well in a refrigerated spinner for a few days . Yes , the container is a little large , but it needs to be , and are n't great salads something worth making room for ?
 We received one of these salad spinners as a gift 10 years ago , and we use it on a regular basis . Not only is it a great spinner , storing the greens in the spinner in the fridge extends their life immensely -LRB- compared to any sort of plastic bag -- even those veggie bags that extend the life of the greens -RRB- .
 I knew I wanted a salad spinner , but I did n't know how much I would love it until I got one ! Not only does it dry lettuce beautifully , but it keeps it fresh for AGES . I wash the lettuce , spin dry and then store it in the spinner in the fridge . If you have a small fridge , you may want a smaller model -- it does take up a good amount of space . Highly recommended !
 I love this product ! It holds a lot of lettuce and does a great job drying . I store my salads in this container and it lasts several days longer . I would highly recommend this product ! Well worth the cost .
 So much easier to rinse veggies and fruits . The pump spinning mechanism is super easy to use and very efficient .
 SoftWorks Salad SpinnerLove the product ... Spins like crazy but does n't move on the counter , very sturdy . Can use the clear container to serve the salad ... I 'm very happy with my decision to spend a little more and get the top of the line salad spinner .
 My wifes loves the salad spinner . Even better , my daughter likes to use it .
 This is perfect . Exactly what I have needed forever . We grow our own vegetables an washing and drying has always been a big issue . Too much water and the lettuce goes bad fast ! This prevents that and still keeps moisture around the vegetables to keep them crisp . I highly recommend .
 This product worked better than I expected it to . Very easy to use and almost fun to use . I was nicely surprised at the amount of water it took out of what I thought was `` almost dry '' lettuce . Would recommend to others .
 We 've been using this quite a bit lately , and I have to say it is incredibly handy for all sorts of greens and herbs . Simple , well made , and easy to use . What more can you ask for ?
 If you are considering a Salad Spinner - Buy the Oxo Good Grips - you WO N'T be disappointed . I 've been rinsing and drying my lettuce by hand for years . I finally caved and bought the spinner . My Goodness ! All that time I wasted drying leaves by hand with a clean dish towel or paper towel ! What a waste that was . Now I just put my leaves in , fill it with water , swish them around , lift the basket , dump the water , then spin ! As easy as that ! And kind of fun . And my lettuce is sand-free . I see there are 422 other 5 star reviews so I feel as if this will be just another great rating lost among the other 5 stars . So , Buy the OXO - you wo n't be disappointed .
 It 's just my husband and me at home and this salad spinner is just great . I use it just about every day and the lettuce gets dry and remains crisp . I also like to use it for herbs . The top comes apart for easy cleaning . I should have purchased one years and years ago .
 I love drying my lettuce in this Gadget , I have been saving in Paper Towels since I got it , the OXO Salad Spinner , the Large one makes salads so much easier and faster . I did not care for all the washing and cutting involved making a salad I never bought the pre-packages of mix greens , did n't care for them , so now I have no more excuses to eat salads . This Gadget is so simple to operate and it is kind of Fun , I think I 'm gon na start spinning for Health again ! ... Check Pictures Posted , Thank You
 This was a gift from my husband and kids to me for Mother 's Day . Well , honestly I emailed my husband the link and said `` I want something like this '' :-RRB- Nonetheless ! It 's perfect , excellent and awesome . I love OXO . Super durable . This is a big mama , so make sure you can store it . Ironically , I 've used it for everything BUT lettuce ! I use it for grapes , rinsing black beans , strawberries , etc. . Although they did n't advertise it as such , they should tell people that even though it has a pump ... you can adjust the speed by how you pump it . For lettuce , you can do full pumps and it 'll be amazing . For my grapes and whatnot , I do a mini pump or two so as not to bruise up the fruit and it 's gentle enough . I love this product ... ca n't say enough ! Also , I use this for hard boiled eggs . I boil them , then put them in here , fill it with ice water and let them chill . The I just pull out the strainer and the water is left behind . You could also use the strainer for other things ... however I will mention is is thin and not flimsy ... but also not super sturdy . Of course this is on purpose so that it can spin fast ... so I 'm ok with that . Excellent product ... probably overpriced ... but it will last me forever and OXO is great at taking care of their customers .
 This spinner has been a great tool for making and washing salads ! I absolutely love it ! And it 's wonderful to store the lettuce in in the fridge too . The container is large , but necessary to wash an entire stem of romaine lettuce .
 This product works perfectly for preparing lettuce . It is easy to clean and then put back together . Very satisfied with this purchase . Definitely worth the money !!
 This is a really great salad spinner . I had a different one that I paid almost double for and it only lasted me 4 months . It was a pull cord and the cord broke . This one spins real smooth , is durable , easy to use , and holds a good amount of lettuce . I have been very happy with this product and use it almost daily .
 Another product that does what it says , it is quite easy to use and seems very well made . have used it only 3 or 4 times , but for someone that has salads everyday and that have had a few salad spinners before , I can tell you this is the best one I had !
 I 'm happy with my Oxo Salad Spinner 's performance . Besides spinning , I use it to soak and clean lettuce , herbs , leeks and other vegetables . I then drain those items right in there . Because its top can be securely locked , the Oxo fits neatly in my cupboard . I recommend it .
 I bought this one because my cheaper one broke . This one seems so much more solid and sturdy . Love it so far .
 Works well . The kids love making the salad with this gadget . My only disappointment was it 's a bit too big for our family of four .
 This spinner works pretty well . Still does not dry lettuce completely and have to dry with flour sack towel . I grow my own lettuce so it must be washed thoroughly . This helps speed up the drying process . Nice bowl that you can serve the lettuce in if you wish . Works great to store lettuce in fridge .
 this came on time and in wondeful shape . It is amazing how much longer the lettuce lasts and how much better it tastes .
 Love this salad spinner ! I got one for a wedding gift and loved it so much that I bought another one for my sister . It runs smoothly and fits great in the fridge .
 This is the best salad spinner I 've ever used . I use this item every day or two and am amazed at how great it works and how much water it eliminates from my salad greens . I highly recommend this item . Pat Smith
 Nice item . It really gets the lettuce dry , and is also good for things like grapes and other fruits . The item arrived quickly , was new in the box , and as usual I had no problems . This seems to be the norm when dealing with vendors thru Amazon . We are very happy with our purchase .
 Great salad/herb spinner . To me , this is the perfect size for a nice large salad , enough to serve up to 4 people . Big plus is that it is small enough to make it easy to store , does n't take up half my cabinet shelf .
 I realy like it , just one thing , when I push the button for couple of time to spin my letuche well , the whole spinenr is rattling on the counter , so I have to hold it with my fingers for a few seconds , that spinner would not fall from my very narrow kitchen counter . But the final result its a BLITS !
 I 've owned 3 salad spinners over the last 10 years and this is the best . Easy to use , easy to clean .
 Oxo Good Grips Salad SpinnerI do n't know why I waited so long to order this . It 's absolutely wonderful .
 Saw a suggestion on the internet to use this product in place of expensive rotors to spin 96-well plates . Adding styrofoam in the middle allows you to securely spin two 96-well plates at a shallow angle . Works like a charm ...
 This spinner is the perfect size for either the single person or couple ; it fills my needs and compact kitchen and does a pretty good job with drying my salads and veggie greens . The only downside is that for twenty dollars -LRB- $ 20 + tax !!! -RRB- the plastic bowl feels rather flimsy and threatens to crack if not handled with care . I expected better quality from an Oxo product .
 At first I was skeptical about the `` pump '' action on the spinner . It works great and I 've had no problems with it in the couple of months I 've had it . Clean up is easy , once I had figured out that the lid sperates from the spinning part . This was the first salad spinner I have purchased and I am very happy with it .
 The title above says it all . The simple convenience of this salad spinner has made it a basic tool for American kitchens .
 So I was all ready to give this product a 2 out of 5 . And the 2 was for the enjoyment of pressing the button to watch it spin ... but then I read several other , more informed , reviews.A little background
 My mother never seems to use what I give her for Christmas . So I was surprised to discover that she and my sister liked this salad spinner so much that they would fight over who would get to use it , like some kind of culinary child custody.I 've looked at many other models , and only this one has a pump-action spinner at the top center , so that the spinner does n't become tangled or unbalanced . This brand is truly the easiest to use ! You 'll learn to appreciate DRY , CLEAN lettuce and other vegetables , instead of bruising them when you have to pat them down with a paper towel , or settle for getting them `` mostly dry . `` If you can find this thing at your retail store , by all means get it . But I 've had a hard time finding one , and I 've been looking for months -LRB- my sister wants one for Christmas -RRB- . You ca n't beat the deal here , with the free mister !
 This OXO salad spinner uses a bowl WITHOUT any holes in the base of the bowl for draining out water -- as opposed to EMSA which has tiny drip holes all around the base circumference.That means , you can put this salad spinner , by OXO , on your counter top and use it to spin/dry your salad without the counter top becoming a wet , runny mess . This is a great salad spinner . Very easy to use . Very effective in spinning the salad dry .
 Another GREAT OXO product ! But you really have to love SALAD to fill this up . Salad for two is lost at the bottom , but it 's fun to watch !
 I must admit that the salad spinner is pretty amazing . It 's a neat little gadget for the kitchen , if you 're into having a lot of gadgets and even does all that it claims to do . It keeps the lettuce dry and that seems to keep it fresher , longer . I 've even used it to spin off the excess salad dressing on the salads when mistakenly putting on too much -LRB- if the lettuce is n't chopped too small -RRB- . The only downfall to the product is storage . It 's awkward for storage -LRB- as are most lettuce keepers or tupperware -RRB- which is a negative since I do n't have much cabinet space . Had I known that would I still buy it ? Probably .
 So I thought some exercise would be involved in using the Salad Spinner . I suppose I was thinking of the menu of aerobic exercises available at the gym - stepping , spinning , etc. . I was OK with having to expend some calories -- I prefer brownies to salad , so my desire to chow down on leafy greens is a good indicator that I NEED the excercise . OXO , however , has disappointed me . Not one bit of effort is needed to produce clean , reasonably dry lettuce , cabbage , spinach and other yucky stuff . You press the pump and it spins away . Sure you can practice a few Tae Bo moves while it does its thing , but if I were one to spend idle time by making superflous movements , I would n't have to eat salad in the first place !
 I had no information on this unit when I gave one to my Sister . Later I ask my sister if she would let me use it to see if I would like to get one . She would not even show me how it works . I stated to order one but it would take 30 day before shipping . So I do not have one yet.MG
 After hearing so many problems with bacteria in the salad bags , I have decided to buy my own lettuce and vegetables . I could never get them dry enough and I do n't like soggy salad . The OXO salad spinner is a worthwhile tool . I spin the lettuce or vegetables and am able to store them with the cover top . It does take up alot of space in the refrigerator but my lettuce greens stay greener longer . I would recommend this to anyone . An extra bonus , the kids like to play with it too .
 It 's so great , I bought a second one for our weekend house .
 After several years , this was on sale for $ 17.99 so I finally made the leap and this makes cleaning sandy Chinese greens much less stressful and wastes less water . This product should be marketed to the Chinese diaspora . Frankly , everyone in Asia needs to be introduced to this product . I do n't use it as much as I would like because I do n't eat as many vegetables as I ought to do.Another use for this is as a cake dome ! That means I do n't buy the Anchor Hocking Savannah nor the Wilton Cake Dome Pedestal . What a good deal this salad spinner is .
 They thought of EVERYTHING when they designed this salad spinner . I got the little one and it is just right for spinning lettuce for 2 and then storing the remainder in the spinner . It definitely causes the lettuce to last longer ! :--RRB- AAAA for this product !!
 I am the author of a series of cookbooks and have used this OXO spinner -- after using many others -- for about three years . It gets daily use and has never failed us . It 's easy to clean and store and it really gets the moisture off the lettuce and other vegetables like beans , carrots and so on . I highly recommend this product for anyone who 's serious about making great salads .
 I bought this when it came on a gold box deal shortly after I had had a party and my salad had been diluted with all the water that had remained on the red romaine lettuce I was using . Aggravated for the last time , I was very happy to see this come on a gold box offer . It 's small for a larger leaf lettuce such as romaine , but I tore it up in smaller pieces and away it went . It 's so easy my three-year-old figured it out before I did ! This is a great purchase but I 'm also going to get the larger one to do larger leaf lettuce . I love this thing !
 Since I purchased an OXO Salad Spinner last summer , I 've used it at least 5 times a week . My children and my husband usually ask if they can spin the salad . My children and my husband will talk to me while they spin it , and I cook the remainder of the meal . This salad spinner is a simple design . It works great , cleans up great in the dishwasher , and is a necessity in my kitchen . I highly recommend it for the busy family who tries to have fresh salads regularly .
 This is by far the best . Great features . Great results . Do n't even look for any other brand .
 This salad spinner does an awesome job dehulling home grown sprouts . I seems to be well built and is easy to clean .
 Pros
 We 've had three different salad spinners in the last 10 years . We gave two of them away - they did n't break , they were just too hard to use.My husband ordered this one and at first I was frustrated that he ordered it without asking me . I know , control freak but it is my kitchen . ; - -RRB- I 'm really glad he did . It is so much easier to use than the other ones we had . There is an enclosed water trapper bowl . Some other models have holes in the bottom for the water to drain out as you spin . The problem is that they leak if you do n't have it over the sink . We like to soak the lettuce in a full bowl of water before spinning.The spinner knob locks down for storage and the entire unit comes apart for quick rinsing . The knob is a comfortable rubber -LRB- like most Oxo products -RRB- . Highly recommended for rinsing and drying lettuce and other vegetables . Not recommended for drying socks .
 This salad spinner works really well , however , be sure to put on top shelf of dishwasher . Tends to warp from the heat .
 We have had an OXO Salad Spinner for a long time . It has worked famously , as have almost all of the other OXO products we own . We highly recommend it -- and all the other products.Not long ago , our unit would spin and stop abruptly , or not permit the plunger to push down . Taking the lid off and turning the top plate by hand would free the spinner and it would work a bit . I finally decided in frustration that I would take it apart and see what the matter was , then order another because I was certain I would never get it back together again.It is n't obvious , but the spinner comes apart pretty easily , and it just snaps back together . One part had snapped loose inside and simply needed to be snapped back in place . However , I had to take it apart several times before I could understand how the piece snapped in place . The result is that our years-old spinner now works just like it is new . Amazon and OXO may not be entirely happy about this , but we have bought a number of these for gifts after family and friends saw ours.If I can figure out how to do a video of the disassembly and reassembly of this product , I 'll post it here.By the way , this will also take water out of a couple of dish rags if arthritis prevents you from wringing them . Just use two at a time to keep the unit balanced.Now , if I can only get the OXO Tea Kettle happy again so it will whistle .
 I love this salad spinner , lettuce comes out so dry . And I love that it has a clear bowl so that you can see how much water is collecting in the bottom , so your not blindly spinning the water back into the lettuce . I also love the stop button and the switch that holds the spinner down for better storage .
 The OXO Salad Spinner is fantastic !!!! My salads are now so crisp and fresh tasting . I do add a paper towel to my salad greens before spinning and this does help to dry them even more . The spinner is soooo easy to use - much better then a cheaper spinner I was previously using.I ordered the large spinner and actually found that the smaller one would 've been a better size for me . If you 're considering buying this and ca n't decide which size to order and you will only be making salads for one or two people , I would recommend the smaller spinner . I decided to keep the larger spinner so that I would have it on hand for when I am entertaining and will be making larger salads and because I had space to store it when not in use . The large spinner IS quite big.If you 're on the fence about purchasing this spinner I would definitely recommend that you buy it . Before purchasing I had checked online the price elsewhere and no one could beat Amazon 's price .
 This is the perfect size for a bunch of herbs fresh from the herb garden , which is why I purchased it . Very effective at removing the extra water from the washed herbs . The inner basket also makes a great collecting basket as I walk through the garden .
 My wife really likes this spinner . She washes a whole head of lettuce at a time so this larger model works well for her . If you just prepare small quantities consider the smaller unit .
 I always read all of the reviews before I buy a product . There were many good ones about this product . The few bad ones are that it is too big -LRB- I want big -RRB- or that it can break if you drop it -LRB- It is plastic , you know -RRB- . I had had a salad spinner that I really liked and after it wore out I found that it is no longer made . A friend convinced me that I should not spend $ 29.95 for the OXO and just use one he had gotten at a garage sale . Bad idea ! That one was a small capacity , left my veggies wet and was so hard to clean . I eat a lot of veggies and need a large , well-constructed salad spinner . I always clean and prep all of my veggies before putting them away and that means I spend a few hours washing , spinning and bagging every week . The OXO Good Grips in the larger size is just great ! I love the very fast spin that really gets my veggies really dry and the pump action instead of spinning a crank on top is very welcome to me . The gripper on the bottom of the bowl works very well . Because it is a hard plexiglass type of plastic , it is not porous like the more flexible plastic ones and I feel more confident that it is so much more sanitary than the softer ones and it is a breeze to keep clean . I watched a video on YouTube that a customer had made about the OXO and I just knew I had to have this one . If I ever drop it or break it , I will just buy another one that is just the same .
 If you are a Salad Lover , this device saves you A HEAP OF TIME washing and wicking away remaining moisture in seconds , so that your salad is readied for serving , crisp & dry . There is nothing worse than the drip drip of wet salad , with the run-off diluting the dressing -LRB- and runny dressing running down your chin -RRB- . The inner bowl doubles as a strainer and the outer bowl is useful for soaking / washing fruits & vegetables . The rubberised palm operated -LRB- press down -RRB- spinner button , is effortlessly activated with a gentle `` palm-down press '' and locks into the bowl with the flick of a switch for easy storage . If desired this can be brought to a picnic and the salad can be served there in as well.A little expensive when I bought it even on special BUT Very Recommended . Will last for years .
 Just the right size for a salad for two . Very easy to use and like that I can save any left over in it . Received in a timely manner . *** Update 2/27/12Was only able to use it once , when I tried to use it a second time the top mechanism broke . I called OXO and they told me they would send me a replacement top , that I would receive it in 10 working days . Today I received it , but it was the wrong top , too small and different color . I would not had mined the different color if it would fit . Suffice to say I am very disappointed , feel as if I bought a very expensive bowl with no cover . Have not decided if I will call the company again . If I do I will update . *** Update 3/8/12Called OXO back and they were very apologetic and they Federal Expressed me a new top that works flawlessly . I am so happy to have a working salad spinner and that OXO did not disappoint me because I love their products . To be honest I was pleasantly surprised with their customer service .
 Sure , it cleans salad . See the hundreds of reviews.But it 's probably the best baby toy around - The colander makes for a hilarious hat . - Not one , but 2 bowls . And they nest . - Great when you start learning to put things into other ... things . - It 's a gas . Video upload to come !
 After successfully destroying multiple cheap salad spinners , I decided to bite the bullet and go for the Oxo 32480 salad spinner . It does not disappoint . In the words of my family , `` it even has a brake ! '' To put it simply , this product provides quality design with a mostly solid build . I would highly recommend it over less expensive models , as it will stand up to regular use much better.If there is one single design flaw , it would have to be that this spinner takes up a rather large amount of space , and it must be spun -LRB- the button depressed -RRB- to be packed into its most compact form . This could be a dilemma for those with very limited storage space .
 I have always washed my salad greens and shook them out in a dishcloth -- this works fine but the salad spinner is definitely a convenience tool . What I like about it -- I can put a whole container of lettuce in the basket , rinse it , spin it , use what I need and store the rest in the fridge . Depending on the type of lettuce , it generally needs about 3 spins . I empty the water left in the bowl after spinning , but I think leaving the water on the bottom might keep the salad crisper . I do n't think it really makes a difference . It keeps for days and I just re-rinse and re-spin when I need more . The lettuce is kept perfectly crisp and fresh . There really is n't anything I dislike -- it is big , but it fits on the bottom shelf of our fridge and it stores nicely in our pantry when not in use . I thought it might be too big for 2 people , but it is n't . I am sure the smaller one would work just as well and I may get that for herbs or veggies . A very handy tool , and not a gimmick .
 I grow lettuce and spinach and would be lost without this salad spinner . It is awesome and a must-have . I keep it on my counter during spring/summer because it is in use almost daily at my house during the lettuce and spinach season . Do n't even hesitate to buy this product - well worth the money !
 I LOVE my OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner . I use it practically every day to wash and dry romaine lettuce . I also use it to wash and dry shedded cabbage . This spinner is worth every penny .
 What a neat gadget . This has really saved me money because my lettuce never spoils before I eat it ! Great investment and easy to use .
 This works so much better than other spinners . It 's also fun to use . Easy to wash . Really get 's the water off the lettuce and the salads stay fresh longer . If I see people looking at it in the stores I tell them it 's great .
 I have owned this for some time , when it first came to the stores and I love it , it saves so much time and mess.visitors have ask what it is and where they can get it , which is about everywhere now , also I have found that with the name oxo on it , it usally is a good product , they have n't disappointed me yet and I 'm a very fussy kind of personbetty
 Not only is this a great salad drier , but it helps with triple-washing sandy spinach , flinging bugs out of organic leafy greens , and so on . Very durable , too -- I 've dropped it on the floor a number of times without negative repercussions . Mind you , this spinner hits the floor not because of its impressive force , but because I 'm a bit of a klutz.Of note with this item is its left/right-handed operation and uncomplicated mechanism -- no strings , no pulleys , no gyroscopes . Excellent design and utility .
 Its so easy to use . It really spins the lettuce dry . I used it for Thanksgiving & Christmas dinner , and my salads never came out fresher or better . Plus the container doubles as the serving bowl as well . I really like it .
 Well ... after wondering how it worked , my wife and I like it so much , find it so easy to use that we are buying our second Oxo salad spinner for another place . We have had the first one for about four weeks . The price and the simplicity of use could n't be better ...
 I bought this back in my salad days -LRB- a few years back -RRB- and it still works wonderfully!I like to `` float and swish '' my greens in the outer bowl to get off any grit , then I transfer the greens into the colander for a quick shower , slip the two bowls back together , add the lid - and spin away ! My husband has nicknamed the spinner - `` the salad centerfuge '' . This is a great product , although I can see how some people will feel it 's a little clunky in size , like I did when I first bought it . It does fit in my top dishwasher rack -LRB- although the three pieces take up the entire rack -RRB- . I wash mine frequently , and I have no problem with any of my mechanisms getting stuck or yellowing . It still works great!I also like use the parts independently . I always offer to bring a salad to all the family get-together meals and the outer bowl is ideal for transporting salads with the lid , and the size of the bowl is perfect for a very large salad . I also use the colandar for almost all my produce washing needs .
 This salad spinner is one of the greatest I 've ever used . Nothing is easier . The brake function works well , and the greens always come out dry.I also love the tupperware function of the bowl . It makes storage a snap !
 I had bought a cheaper version of this item at a local store , and was not pleased . This salad spinner really does a great job of getting water out of my salad ingredients which helps them stay crisp and fresh for much longer than rinsing alone . It definitely makes eating healthy much easier .
 I really love this salad spinner . It accelerates fast , gets my produce really dry , and has a brake so that you can stop the spinning very fast . I recommend it even though its a little pricier than some other options .
 Excellent toy . Easy to clean . A must have for every home , as you should always wash vegetables before you eat them . The price is ludicrously cheap . I would pay 100 USD for this great engineering .
 The OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner is a winner . It works great and is easy to clean because of a well made design . If you never used a salad spinner before , you will never know how you lived without it after you use it . The only reason this was not rated 5 stars is because I have to sit there after I pump the salad spinner and hold the top to keep ot stable or it will go off the counter . This is a minor inconvenience that I think could be resolved by OXO on their next design .
 This was a big hit with one of my daughters for Christmas . It was by special request and now she would not be without the spinner .
 I have avoided salad spinners for years because of past disappointments . But when the guys on Americas Test Kitchen made this one their first choice I decided to try again . Not sorry .
 Got this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it . We have not used any other product to compare it to , but this product works so well I do n't believe we will ever need to . In the market for a salad spinner . This one will work for you .
 This is a great spinner ... works with little effort , easy to clean , and storing lettuce in the bowl is great !
 This was a gift for my daughter.After looking at several , the OXO was my choice.She said , it was the one she had hoped she would get for Christmas.I was so pleased with it I ordered one for myself .
 Glad I took the advice of other reviewers , this is a definitely a well made spinner . I am eating more salads now than ever . I am very satisfied and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting a good salad spinner . Easy to use and clean . I also store my leftover salad right in the bowl in the fridge and it stays nice and fresh .
 I have the little one and it 's great and easy for storage . Works wonders . I really like this product . Perfect for the price .
 This is the best salad spinner ever . It gets the lettuce dry but because you can store the sealed bowl right in the fridge , keeps it crisp . I have stored salad for 2 weeks and it still tastes fresh . I have put `` starting to get limp '' lettuce into this spinner , rinsed , spun , and stored in the fridge and it magically brings the salad back to life and makes it crisp again . . not sure how ... Best 30 $ you will spend . Salad is expensive and if you ca n't eat a head the minute you buy it and want to store it for up to 2 weeks , this will get your money 's worth . We actually own 2 and stack them in the fridge . I usually use one to store my lettuce and one to store leaf spinach . Mmmm .
 I always like to make salad . I tried many different spinners and this is the best one I used so far . It comes with a cover that I personally like because I can put it in the fridge with the cap on the greens . It 's very stable and wo n't have loose green flying all over the place . Good one to purchases
 Pulling the cord on my old salad spinner was getting old so after a little research I found the OXO spinner . It was the style and price I was looking for , looks like I made the right decision .
 I did n't want to buy a salad spinner because I could n't stand the messing with wet lettuce , cleaning up after the messing with wet lettuce , and seeing the damp lettuce rot too quickly in the fridge . But it was finally time to stop eating processed junk and start eating more veggies and leafy greens , so I had to get over it and find a way to deal.This new salad spinner is surprisingly quick and easy -- throw everything in , pump for a minute , empty it , and toss in the dishwasher . I never liked that there was no way to clean the cover on the old spinners because the pump mechanism could n't get wet , but OXO has improved upon their previous design . Inside the cover , now there 's a shield that catches all the veggie water droplets flying around inside . This shield snaps off and goes in the dishwasher too , so you do n't have to think about the microorganisms growing since the spinner 's last use having a party with the stuff you 're trying to get a little bit cleaner . -LRB- Like everything plastic , the whole thing is probably safer on the top rack of the dishwasher , furthest from the heating element . -RRB- Unwashed lettuce tastes funny and has all kinds of unwanted stuff on it , no matter what the bag says , so you 've got to at least try . Now my spinach and spring mix get a little shower before their stay in theProgressive International LKS-06 Lettuce Keeper , and I can eat like a grown-up without wanting to throw a tantrum .
 My friend had the OXO Good Grip Salad Spinner and liked the idea of having the salad bowl built into the salad spinner . When our old salad spinner broke we brought the Good Grip Spinner . The old spinner had handle and was at best not very user friendly . This spinner is great to use and make salad preping simple and easy.We like the lock mechanism it 's a nice feature for storing in the refrigerator or in your cabinets.We love it , easy to use , clean and store , its only spinner you will need .
 My wife loves the larger version of this spinner , but after using the mini spinner , she has a new love in her kitchen .
 I truly love the functionality of this ! It has worked great for the last few years , though mine has changed from the pretty white to a dingy beige yellow on the top , like so many plastics . So , I 'll try the green and hope the color does n't change noticeably !
 this spinner is fantastic . I originally purchased the Kitchen Aid spinner at Costco and after reading the reviews here , decided to returned it . Glad I did . This one spins the lettuce nice and dry . It is amazing how much water comes out and not a bruise on any of the lettuce leaves . I especially like that the spinner is so easy to clean . It totally comes apart and does n't have the annoying pole in the middle like the Kitchenaid does .
 I love it . My two year old loves to help make salads with this nifty little tool . Anything to encourage kids to eat healthy scores big with me . Plus , it does a good job of washing the greens .
 I had previously purchased this spinner and wanted a second one . It works effortlessly since you just push down and the bowl spins , better than pulling on cords or turning a handle in circles to spin the bowl .
 I ordered this as a gift for my daughter , because I have one just like it and have found it sturdy and effective at drying washed greens . The item was received in good condition and on the date expected .
 This spinner has been a lifesaver . It 's also been a moneysaver . I buy about 5 heads of lettuce per week and this little spinner has allowed me to save money on the lettuce I buy by keeping them fresher longer . Definitely worth it especially with how hard I am on appliances .
 I have used other brands and types of salad spinners and this one is my favorite . Easy to use and I like being able to both serve and store lettucein the big bowl
 Great spinner ! Works great . Husband and I have gone through 3 other spinners and this one seems much more heavy duty and up to a lot of use !
 We LOVE this salad spinner , which was highly recommended by cooksillustrated.com . It 's attractive , easy to use , a good size and I just ca n't say enough good things about it . This is probably the fifth or sixth salad spinner I 've had and it is SO much better than any other I 've seen . The locking mechanism makes it easy to fit on shelves . I highly recommend it .
 No more soggy veggies for salads ! Nice , dry and crisp . Also good for getting rid of water on fruits which have been washed . Just a great kitchen item . Bought another for my daughter .
 The title above says it all . The simple convenience of this salad spinner has made it a basic tool for American kitchens .
 Cool gadget , but kind of a luxury item for a cook who already has it all . It takes up lots of cabinet space , but you could use the bowl as a mixing bowl too .
 Ca n't believe I did n't buy this sooner ! If you hate wilty , wet lettuce , you 'll love this spinner !
 Good gadget that 's handy if you like to eat lots of leafy veggies . Only complaint is that it 's a bit bulky to store ... although I do n't know how you 'd get around that . Definitely a time-saver .
 This is a great toy -- makes spinning salad greens fun . Works -- the bowl is also nice for serving salad in later --
 I always convinced myself that drying lettuce was n't worth spending the cash , but I was wrong . This makes salad making a breeze and no more watered down dressing .
 I had the old version where you had to spin the handle on the top yourself and hold onto it . I love this one . just push down a few times and it does all the work . also , I keep what is leftover inside -LRB- you can lock the top down so it 's not sticking up -RRB- and it stays fresh for a long time .
 I really dig this spinner . It is a little bit small but I do n't think they make any that are much bigger . The only real problem is that there should be a better way to catch more water than it does . You have to empty the water out once and then spin it again to really get the lettuce where you want it . But overall this is probably the best salad spinner you can buy .
 This thing is awesome and with over 300 reviews and a near perfect 5-star rating you already know this . We use ours almost everyday . The only complaints I have are that you ca n't really clean underneath the lid where the spin mechanism is and the thing is not dishwasher safe . Minus a star for those reasons .
 Bought this as a birthday present and the recipient said she loves it . Gave it 5 stars because I have not heard anything bad about it from her .
 Great product but came cracked when it was shipped , I would recommend just going to Bed Bath and Beyond to purchase . They have them for the same price and you can use a coupon for a discount .
 I have been very pleased with this salad spinner . You can put your washed lettuce right in the inner colander and then place into the bowl . Large capacity . Very easy to use and does a good job .
 You need this if you every make salads . The quality is great and it works perfectly
 I love this product , works as described !
 I 've had a few of these over the years . For some reason I keep losing them when I move . I think my roommates love it as much as I do and just take it with them ! I try to eat healthy , with a lot of salads . This thing makes it super easy to clean the leafy greens . The bowl is very durable and can double as a serving bowl as well . It stores away nice and easy . Now if I can just stop losing these every time I move !
 it is perfect for fresh lettuce , now it can get washed and spun dry to save and use through out the week .
 Ordered this for the lettuce I am growing in my vegetable garden and it is GREAT.I have used others that did not really remove much moisture from the clean and wet lettuce.This one removes the water and is very FAST and easy to use .
 I had thought that a a salad spinner was a waste of cabinet space . My husband planted huge amounts of lettuces this year and we thought perhaps a spinner would help keep some of the produce longer . This one is perfect . It truly is surprising at how quickly and simply it takes care of the job . I have even used it to dry string beans that were blanched and ready to freeze . A friend was over recently and she has a different spinner that she says is a complete failure after looking at the OXO .
 Salad spinner is great . Used on a regular basis for catering . Also , it arrived quickly and in perfect shape.Thank you !
 Bought this for my daughter who loves making big salads to have for a few days and always complained that on the second day the lettuce was limp . Now she loves having fresh salad for days . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Been using this for a few weeks now with no issues . It works great , has great build quality , and actually keeps lettuce fresh longer ! I highly recommend if you 're a salad eater !
 My wife has been asking for this item for a while to help her with her salad preparation . It shaved off time drying the produce and all is prepared much quicker .
 Does what is is supposed to do . Great product , has n't broken apart yet and I 've used it daily for a few months . Easy to use . A little pricier than in store but that is the convenience of online shopping .
 I owned the previous version of OXO salad spinner for a few years before the bowl broke . I was trying to find a different brand to replace OXO but could n't find anything better . So far this spinner seems to be a bit better than the previous version . It is smooth to spin and stop . One thing I do not like about this version is it does n't seem to have strong rubber ring to grip the counter it is on . I will have to wait and see how long this bowl will last .
 I love this spinner ! This product works exactly as described in the description . This is worth the investment for anyone who wants an effective utility in the kitchen .
 I got tired of purchasing the already shredded/cut romaine for salads . Not to mention many of these precut salad greens get recalled from time to time due to problems.The pre cuts get recalled more than the whole heads of lettuce . So decided to go the way of getting the better priced lettuce and do it myself . Well , I am not a real kitchen person so whatever I purchased was going to have to be easy and simple . Well , this is . I love it . Easy to work and boy does it work . Even after rinsing heads of romaine lettuce as I broke the heads up , and then spinning , there was still `` stuff '' and a discolored liquid in the bottom . So I can now keep rinsing and spinning until the lettuce rinses clean and clear . Very impressive . My only problem is the difficulty I have in cleaning the insert of lettuce `` bits `` of lettuce . Holding them under the faucet does n't remove all of them as they get caught in between the lattice work of the spin bowl . But that being said , it should not really affect your decision . So much better to work a little getting bits out now and then , then to get e. coli , etc. . Perhaps even putting the pre cut lettuce into this thing , wash and spin is a great idea to . We like this so much in fact , my husband and I camp and go RV ` ing , so I have now ordered the smaller one so that we can take it with us . Usually when traveling It is a pain to deal with lettuce and salads , so we purchased ready made salads or went out to eat . Getting a head of lettuce on the road and using this smaller version of this should do the trick !
 The Oxo spinner is far superior to any other I have had . It is easy to use and is a good size for most items . It also serves as a good storage device and keeps salads fresh and crisp . Good product that measures up to the Oxo reputation .
 My husband got this salad spinner for me when he broke my other one by dropping it in the driveway . I had wanted to purchase this model originally but got a different , cheaper one . Now I 'm kind of glad he broke the first one because this one is much nice than the one I had before . I think the bowl might even hold up to being dropped in the driveway , although I 'm not going to risk it ! The push down button that spins is also a lot nicer than the pull out rope I had on my old one . I like that it locks down for easy storage . I know it 's pricier than others , and usually I opt for the less expensive stuff , but in this case I think it 's worth it .
 I 've had this salad spinner for a year or two now . I first bought it when I joined a CSA and was getting a tons of fresh greens but they needed a lot of cleaning . Once I rinse greens and spin them I usually just put the entire salad spinner in the frig and it keeps the greens fresh for some time and they are always ready to eat that way . It is bulky though and takes up a lot of room whether it is inside or outside of the frig , but if it were smaller it would n't do the job either.It does a good job at what it does , no complaints .
 I like the spinner very much . The big black hand button is very easy to use . I wish I had bought one earlier .
 I did . This OXO good grips salad spinner meets all of the needs of salad spinning that I had . After spinning my lettuce/berries are perfectly spun and are in no more need of further spinning . The only down side to this unit is that it can not go in the dishwasher without getting slightly warped -LRB- at least the strainer insert -RRB- . It fits 2 heads of romaine lettuce with no problems .
 Probably one of the greatest inventions of all time . This OXO salad spinner is of very good quality . I wish I had purchased one a lot sooner . I make a ton of salad and drying lettuce with paper towels is ridiculous and ineffective . I also use it to wash and spin grapes so the sandwich bags I put them in stay dry inside . You can also use the bowl as a cake dome . It is such a versatile product . Also , it is fun to use and so easy to clean .
 QXQ has done it again . Great salad spinner . My arthritic hands applaud OXO
 I love my Oxo salad spinner . I wish I 'd known about salad spinners 20 years ago . Sure would have saved me time and we would have eaten more fresh greens . Solid product that 's easy to operate . I like that I can store the plunger in the locked position . I 'd buy it again ... Amazon has the best price thus far .
 I purchased this salad spinner because my old one broke , and this one was recommended by Cooks Illustrated . I am absolutely delighted with it . My old one required manual spinning , which wore out my shoulder . This one does a great job with just a light push on the top . What a difference ! I wish that I had gotten it long ago .
 This spinner is great for drying water out of leafy greens after washing . Recommended .
 I bought the big size , not knowing there is a smaller version . I would definitely buy the small one as well . This works great , no more soggy salads !
 My wife loves it !! Although this is an inexpensive spinner , it really does a great job . We have had no problems in it 's use for 2 months , & it gets used every day ! Built well , & very easy to operate . Excellent bang for the $ $
 I like this a lot , and it doubles as a soak-and-drain unit for many foods . It does n't get greens completely dry , but dry enough , and it sure beats wrapping them in a towel ! Like most say , you pretty much ca n't go wrong with Oxo . Their pepper mill is fabulous !
 I 've not yet met an Oxo Good Grips product I did n't like , and their salad spinner is no exception . This is one of the best designed kitchen products ever ! The center pump spinning mechanism is very much easier to use than other salad spinners , the built-in braking button is ingenious , and the fact that the clear plastic outer bowl is a great serving container is an added plus . I 've sent several salad spinners to garage sales in frustration , but this one is a keeper !
 This is a truly great product . My salads are so crisp and clean and the lettuce I do n't immediately use stays fresh for a very long time in my refrigerator .
 When I bought this product , I was unsure of how much it would hold . It holds an entire head of leaf lettuce , which is exactly what I wanted it to do . It is great . I can soak , wash , spin and eat my lettuce all in one bowl . I was previously using at least three bowls every time.For anyone else out there that follows Dr. Fuhrman 's dietary guidelines , this is perfect . It makes preparing those large salads , and it is attractive . The handle retracts for storage . It is made of sturdy materials , and overall I 'm very impressed . I 'm glad I spent the extra money to got the good one .
 This is terrific . It works like a charm and keeps lettuce fresh for much longer than any other storage I 've found.Having said that , I have the benefit of an extra refrigerator . It takes up quite a bit of space in the fridge .
 Well-manufactured , excellent design , useful salad spinner has been utilized since I unpacked the box . Highly recommend .
 Love this product . It is so easy to spin and dry salad greens with one push of the button , it makes making a fresh salad a joy .
 This is an amazingly convenient little unit . It make quick work of salad for one or two , cleans easily , and takes up little cabinet space . Also makes cleaning fresh herbs a snap ! This will rinse sand , dirt , critters and debris from a handful of mint , lemon balm , or basil making their use ! -RRB- Imagine mint tea or juleps without grit , lemon balm tea without mystery additives , and basil cleaned and dried enough for fresh tomatoes and olive oil.Fill the bowl and soak tired greens in cold water . Use the strainer to drain the water then spin the greens for a much improved crispy salad . You can even wash and soak and drain dried beans in this , leaving dirt behind.I keep finding more uses for this small version , but its larger cousin gets almost as much use in as many different ways .
 We eat a salad nearly every day and like the convenience of the bagged salads . However , with the concern over contaminates in produce such as salads we had begun washing the greens ... something we had not done previously . It has been difficult to remove all the water and the result has been a somewhat watered down salad when the dressing is added . This salad spinner does a good job of removing the excess water .
 I 've always scoffed at salad spinners , but this one really works . I use it for salad , but mostly for fresh herbs that I grow . Once they are cleaned off in the spinner I put them in plastic bags and then into the vegetable drawer . They last indefinetly in the refrigerator .
 I love it . I use it for all the greens we get in our `` greens share . '' Herbs , lettuce . Easy to use . Good for storage . Very easy to clean .
 Product design is excellent and is well made.May be the best salad spinner ever !
 Works just as expected . OXO seems to always make quality products and this is no exception . Easy to use .
 This is a great product . However , according to the directions , the basket should be filled with `` rinsed '' salad greens . What I would like to know is why one would n't fill the basket with unrinsed greens , then rinse it in the basket under the faucet , and then put in the bowl to be spun dry .
 Easy to wash salad in , and then it dries it -LRB- fast ! -RRB- to a perfect condition - ready to eat , not to slurp . How did I live without it ?!
 very satisfied with this product ; easy to use and really gets moisture out of leafy vegetables . Sturdy construction .
 I bought this salad spinner for my kitchen that I manage in a Bar and Grill . We use it everyday and Love it .
 Do n't wait ! Grab it now ! This is truly the very best spinner on the market !
 I 've been struggling with a hand-cranked spinner for years . Saw this one on `` Good Eats '' and decided I was living in the stone age , so I bought one . What a difference ! It gets the greens bone-dry with very little effort . I love this thing !
 I purchased one of these for myself and liked it so much that I ordered one for my daughter in Hawaii . She gives it a definite `` thumbs up '' .
 great tool for the kitchen , a must have . I have had mine 5 + years , no problems !
 We had been buying the bagged greens , but with the e coli scare we decided no more of that . My sister recommended the Oxo salad spinner . It is very easy to use , the spin mechanism works like an old-fashioned children 's top . Just pump it , and away it goes . I pump it a few times , dump out the excess water that drains from the leaves , wipe down the bowl , put on the storage lid , and the lettuce stays fresh and incredibly crisp for a week . Excellent product.Update
 You wo n't be disappointed . The bowl is very large and will accomodate a hefty amount of greens .
 I really love this salad spinner as it is so easy to use , My old one hurt my wrist spinning it around because I have arthritis but this is a whiz . It get your lettuce or veggies very dry so they are convenient to store and last a long while in the refrigerator .
 This is really the salad spinner for gadget lovers . I 'm a self-professed fan of anything that has a `` cool '' factor above and beyond basic functionality.The big plunger is the gas pedal on this hot-rod . The faster you hit it , the faster your lettuce flies . Clearly the older crank designs worked just fine , but they were n't nearly as much fun ! The small button on the side is a BRAKE PEDAL ! Who would have ever thought you 'd have such a thing on a salad spinner ? The first time I used this , I had every last bit of water off the lettuce just because I wanted to spin it and stop it again and again.You 'll have fun again when you spin your salad with this , the SuperSportsCar of spinners !
 I 've had one of these salad spinners for about 10 years . As other reviewers have described it 's a great salad spinner - fast , easy , foolproof , and effective . It takes very little effort to get the spinner going . The bowl is lightweight and has an elegant shape that means it nicely doubles as a big salad serving bowl for the table.This spinner is foolproof but as a friend of mine once described something I had broken `` it 's foolproof but not damn fool proof '' . A guest asked to spin salad whaled on the spinner with two hands as if it was some sort of two arm workout device . After many years of almost daily faithful service the spinner top gave up the ghost . Loving my salad spinner and being a green sort of person I looked around for a replacement top . I could n't find one and wrote into Oxo customer support to find out where I could buy one . They sent me a new one for free !! I am one very happy customer .
 Got mine a few days ago after reading these reviews over and over since before the holidays . It works ; simply and easily . It is quite large so storage of greens inside it in your frig may present a problem , but otherwise , the size is great for lots of greens and berries . It does n't ` dry ' as a towel or paper towel , but it does remove most of water which easily pours out of the bowl . The inner colander-type bowl can be used for many other kitchen draining chores as well.The description indicates this has a non-skid base - not mine . Unless I hold the bowl as it is spinning , it walks all over the counter and the lid bounces all over the place . I would like to see it actually have a base that would keep it in place so I could pump the spinner knob a few times and walk away to do something else while it spins . I would also like it better if the lid actually secured to the bowl while spinning and for storage ; it does n't . It just sits in place , so once again , I must stand guard over it holding the base with one hand , pump it , and then hold the lid in place.The more one pumps , the faster it goes , but never fast enough to eliminate all the water . I have n't had mine very long , but I 've already used it for blueberries , iceburg and romaine lettuces and celery . I especially liked the way it got most of the water out from the ` fluffy ' tops of the celery stalks and did n't squish the blueberries - those are chores for only the most patient of people ! It worked better than drying by hand I 'll tell you that . Made my chores much faster and less tedious . It is a keeper , but I 'd like to see the few changes I mentioned above and that , for me , would make it a 5-star product .
 I wanted a salad spinner and this one looked like a good one , but I never would have spent this much money on a salad spinner for myself . I figured for as often as I would probably use it , I should get a cheaper one.A friend kept me from making that mistake . I 've now had this salad spinner for a couple of years , and it turns out that this one is not only durable enough to survive my abuse , but I use it for just about every fruit and vegetable that comes into the house.No , I do n't spin a bag full of apples . But I do wash all my produce when I bring it home . -LRB- That way , if I 'm trying to decide between a peach and a bag of potato chips , I ca n't use the excuse that I do n't feel like washing the peach . -RRB- Apples , peaches , plums , pears , and so on all get loaded into the salad spinner . I fill it with water and a splash of vinegar . -LRB- That seams to get the produce clean faster than plain water alone . -RRB- I use the inner basket to swish everything around , then pull it out and dump the water , and rinse everything in the basket . A quick shake , then I leave the basket in the dish rack for an hour or two . The produce dries and gets put into the produce bin in the fridge . Repeat with grapes , cherries , strawberries ... all the smaller , more fragile fruits . I even spin those gently , and they dry more quickly.Veggies get the same treatment . While the fruits are drying in the basket I 'm cutting up broccoli , cauliflower , and whatever other vegetables I 've gotten . They get washed , rinsed , spun a bit , and stored in a plastic bag with a paper towel to absorb what little moisture remains.At the end of the day when I 'm tired and I want to eat NOW and I 've thrown burgers on the grill , it 's a lot easier to throw some veggies on the grill too when they 're already washed and cut up . If I could just figure out a way to use this for mushrooms , I 'd be all set.And yes , I do use this for salad . Just about everything that 's going into the salad goes in the spinner to be washed , rinsed , and spun . And I use less salad dressing because it sticks to dry lettuce leaves better and does n't get diluted from the water on the leaves.If I had gotten myself a cheap , flimsy salad spinner I would probably never use it . This is stored on top of the refrigerator . I keep it handy because I use it all the time .
 Before Hurricane Katrina , I owned both a large and small OXO GOOD GRIPS salad spinner . They are the easiest to use for arthritic hands . Just push down on the top , and it spins it 's little heart out . And it has a button to put the brakes on !! I had used several types before these , but these are by far the best . I would recommend these to anyone . I am still trying to replace everything I lost a little at at time -LRB- 19 months post-Katrina -RRB- , and will soon be buying 2 brand new , mold-free , OXO salad spinners .
 After using my Spinner for several months nearly continually , I have to rate this product 5 Stars and say that I 'm not disappointed at all ! It is exactly as touted !! I LOVE IT ! NICE DRY SALAD THAT LASTS A WEEK !!!
 Some of the people claim that this thing is humongous . It is not . It is exactly the dimensions listed , no larger , no smaller . Personally , I eat relatively large salads , so it only makes two me size servings . It is not super great at drying , there is still a decent amount of moisture in your vegetable , but it 's rare to get really good spinner unless you own a commercial gadget.But , great for distributing dressing , and great way to eat healthy .
 I am one of the very happy owners of the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner . I love it as does my family of four . We are big on salads , making them almost daily/nightly . We also make very large salads on weekends for entertaining . I really love this spinner even more then . I used to be the designated salad maker before this spinner . Now we all take a turn -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- this includes my 2 teen agers that only knew how to eat salads before the OXO spinner . I have since bought this spinner for a couple of close friends that fell hook line and sinker for it after using it here during gatherings . It is sensable , no parts to wear out or break , `` or tear your fingers up with '' i.e. strings or cranks . It is easy , practical and does a great job of washing and drying your salads and vegetables . I just add extra water and spin to wash pour the water out and spin to dry . If you get going a little to fast it can wiggle out of contol . But if you keep a hand on it it will spin as fast as you need it to to dry those veggies . It 's one of our most used kitchen tools besides the fork .
 I love my Oxo Salad Spinner . I planted lettuce and spinach this year and was getting sooo tired of washing it and trying to pat it dry on towels ! I bought the Oxo and life is much easier at salad time . It works wonderfully . The push button top is easy to use and it has nonskid material on the bottom to keep it from `` walking '' off the counter when it spins . I keep a supply of fresh lettuce in it in the refrigerator . It stays so crisp . I am considering purchasing another Oxo for my sister who is a vegetarian . This is a great product !
 This is the best salad spinner I 've ever used . The description is deceptive -- it is big enough to spin salad for a small family dinner . -LRB- It is small , but not tiny -RRB- I like the `` brake '' so I do n't have to waste time waiting for the thing to stop spinning . I also like the button that holds the large knob down for easy storage . This was designed for convenience and durability .
 This gem works as advertised . Push the button and you 've got dry salad . I like how easy it is to push the button and I like how you can lock the button down , making the spinner double as a bowl . You can even be creative and use it as a collander .
 I originally heard of this product during an interview where Jeff Bezos -LRB- founder of Amazon.com -RRB- said it was his favorite item on the site . Well ... does n't that catch your attention ... as it caught mine ? It seemed like a great gift for me , but my wife never checks my Amazon wish list . So , I gave it to her ! Seriously , we do a lot of spinich salads and there is a high probability it will have sand or dirt on it . Washing greens is a must , but I do n't like the water pool in the bowl , and I do n't like patting the leaves dry leaving wet towels or a bunch of wet paper towels as the by-product . This unit works GREAT ! One or two pumps on the top and the work is done . It 'll spin forever if you do n't intervene . The unit is well engineered , well made , cleans up easily , and really dries the goods.Like many folks , we had a cheap one years ago that soon broke , discouraging us from getting a new one . This one is so well constructed , it will someday be looked at as one of those small , but good , investments.For the purists , you 'll always defend your wet towels . For the rest of us , this unit summarily addresses one of life 's small annoyances.Amen
 This is my third and last salad spinner ! The Oxo is great . The handle is easy to push down and when spinning , it does not go all over the place . The lock down feature on the handle is great too . I use it almost every night and I love it . I have used it for veggies only , but highly recommend it . It is well worth the price .
 I have the mini version of this salad spinner . I would not actually use the term `` mini '' to describe it , since it does hold a lot of lettuce . It will hold a whole small head of leaf lettuce -LRB- chopped , of course -RRB- when packed full , which makes enough for two big plates of salad -LRB- or probably 4 small side salads -RRB- . I like that it is smaller in size -LRB- not clumsy or hard to handle , takes minimal storage space -RRB- , has nonskid bottom , really dries lettuce well , is easy to operate and even has a brake to stop the spinning . I just rinse it off when done -LRB- easy for quick weeknight dinners -RRB- . I like the operation of this product -LRB- push down -RRB- better than the large Zyliss spinner that I own that has a pull-string . The small Oxo spinner is also great for drying blueberries .
 I love the smaller size . The brake works well and it is easy to operate . I have tried the type of spinners with the string pull and did n't like them as well.Dishwasher safe is a wonderful thing !
 I 've avoided making salads for a long time because of the preparation time . I had an older salad spinner , but it was the kind you had to turn , and cleaning it afterwards always seemed to take a long time . This spinner is a huge improvement over any I 've used before.You put the rinsed greens in the strainer , or rinse them after they 're in , and then put the strainer in the bowl . One easy push and it spins on its own and it does not move around at all on the counter . I have found that it takes a couple spins to dry them the way I like , but while the greens are spinning , you can be chopping up other salad ingredients.Even better , you can lock the handle in the `` down '' position and use this spinner to store the unused greens in the fridge ; no separate `` lettuce saver '' is needed . I 've had leaf lettuce in mine for several days , and it is still crisp and fresh . Since buying this remarkable spinner , I 've had salad every night . And enjoyed every minute of it , preparation included!If you love salads but hate the prep , get this . You will wonder how you ever got along without it .
 I was introduced to OXO tools by my sister when she gave me one of their peelers . She swore that it would make me search for things to peel because it was such a pleasure to use . She was absolutely right ! Since then I have become an avid OXO devotee and own many of their products . But the VERY BEST of them all is the Good Grips Salad Spinner . I adore leafy lettuce but always found washing it to be such a chore that on some days I would just skip the salad routine altogether . I had used several styles of lettuce spinners during the past 20 years , but none were even in the same league as the OXO Salad Spinner . Believe it or not -- I actually enjoy washing greens with this device and use it every day . Using the best tool available makes any task more satisfying , and this is the creme de la creme of salad spinners . Have no doubt , this is a purchase you will be glad you made each time you use it . And you will want to use it ! I 've found that washing the lettuce and draining the excess water from the bowl , then refrigerating the lettuce in the spinner before spinning yields crispy greens . A good thing to do early in the day , then just a quick spin later for a fast salad . I , as another reviewer wrote , also give this item frequently as a gift and it is always a hit .
 If you want to get a bit fancy with your salad spinning , this is the one to buy . Not only can you spin the lettuce and remove all the water , you can use the bowl to serve a salad or store lettuce in the inner bowl.It is so easy to use . You release the lock mechanism at the top and press down . The inner basket starts to spin , removing most of the water from the lettuce . I love the fact that you can rinse the lettuce in the removable inner basket.You really win with this one . Wash , spin , store ... so much less to wash and it is never boring . It is quite large so you do need a big space to store it in the refrigerator , unless you have a big refrigerator , then it is no problem.If you have memories of trying to swing lettuce around in a kitchen towel , or have tried to use paper towels while they are falling apart all over the lettuce , you must try spinning in this great salad spinner . Once you have spun the lettuce you can remove the inner bowl and dump out the water . ~ The Rebecca Review
 The first time I heard about a salad spinner I thought , `` oh please - is anyone really that lazy ? '' Then I saw it being used and tasted the crisp , clean , DRY lettuce that emerged and could n't get to the store quickly enough . I did n't want to spend much money , so I picked one up at IKEA . Big Mistake . Its true that you get what you pay for . Thankfully , my old IKEA spinner passed on to the the great salad bar in the sky last summer and I was able to justify purchasing an OXO spinner . Oh . My . God . The experience is akin to going from a Pinto to a Porche . Not only is it a solid , dependable product -LRB- the plastic bowl is thick enough to feel substantial and sturdy enough to stay put while in use -RRB- but it is a wonderful size and the salad can be served straight from the bowl . One-click one for yourself today !
 If you 're like me , you 've used dozens of differant salad spinners in your days in the kitchen . Well , let me tell you , this one is like no other . I used to be resigned to placing two hands firmly on my spinner to prevent that terrible shaking and trembling from the centrifugal forces exerted by the spinning water and greens . Well , no longer with this product by Oxo ... the solid design keeps the spinner absolutely still , which is no small feat considering the weight of water swirling at some mad rate of rpm . This is more than a great kitchen product ... it is a feat of science , and a pleasure to use .
 I bought this spinner at the recommendation of my favorite `` TV chef '' , Sara Moulton -LRB- Cooking Live -RRB- . I figured if she liked it enough to mention it on-air , it had to have something special going for it . She was right , and I tossed my old one after trying this one only once . I have recommended it to several people , and bought a couple for gifts . Each person I gave it to has made a point of telling me how much they appreciated it once they had tried it ! The best feature is the pump action handle . Forget those crank styles ... I had one of those , and it was forever getting unbalanced and the inner lettuce bowl -LRB- the perforated one -RRB- would pop out of the track it rides in . Extremely frustrating ! That ca n't happen with this one . I also liked that the handle pushes down and stays down for easy storage . Another handy feature is the `` brake '' , a little black button you push to stop the spinning action . Also , it has a rubber circle on the base to keep it from slipping on the counter as you spin . The bowl itself is a great size for serving salad , and attractive enough -LRB- clear acrylic -RRB- to set on your table . I guarantee , this is the last salad spinner you 'll ever buy .
 I have been looking for a small spinner like this for years . My mom had a small `` regular '' style spinner in her home for years , and I have been trying to get them to give it to me . When I saw this item , I knew I had to have it!Regular sized salad spinners are just too big and cumbersome for some jobs . This small size is perfect for making salad for one or two people , but I use it the most for cleaning herbs . I always got annoyed at having to use my giant spinner to clean a bunch of parsley , and the mini is perfect for this . I use fresh herbs almost exclusively when I cook , and with the mini spinner I wash all my herbs when I come home from grocery shopping and just grab them from the fridge for use later and I do n't have to worry about cleaning them . I just fill the bowl with water and let them soak -LRB- in the basket -RRB- for a few minutes , pull out the seive , dump the water and spin ! This also works great for berries.In addition to the convenient size , I love the fact that you just have to push the handle down to dry the greens , no cranking or pulling ridiculous strings like you 're starting a lawnmower . And there 's a brake function to stop the spinning . It 's also very convenient that you can lock the `` pusher '' into place when it 's not being used.Who knew a salad spiner had the ability to make me so pleased ?
 OXO has a smaller version to consider before you buy this unit . If your household is small , or the salad you make is less than a full head of lettuce , the smaller version is worth considering.This larger version takes up more storage space , not only in the cupboard but also in the dish drainer . That 's a consideration when you realize that you need to wash the bowl and colander between uses , and that the inner mechanism on the underside of the cover also needs a chance to dry ! I prefer to clean up in the kitchen as I do meal prep , and to let utensils air dry . The larger version made it enough more difficult because of its space requirements that I broke down and bought the smaller one recently.Bottom line
 I , like one of the other reviewers , like nothing less than to have wet lettuce and runny salad dressing . Well not with this product . The mechinism is easy to work and all the water ends up in the bowl while your lettuce gets dry . Dump the water and dry out the bowl and use it for your salad . This is a far cry from the one we had when I was a child , you had to twirl it in a circle for about 3 minutes to shake all the water off ! what a difference . Less than a minute and your lettuce is dry .
 There are spinners out there that boast of washing and drying . This kitchen gadget nut is also a clean freak . I 'll wash my veggies and berries by hand , thank you very much . Then I use my trusty Oxo spinner to finish the job . It is the best DRYER on the market , and I have used a lot of them . Instead of having to pull a cord and hope the thing does n't fly off the counter or out of the sink , you just pump this puppy a couple of times and watch the centrifugal force dry your greens . The spinner continues on its axis long after the last pump . There is a brake button to stop the action if you wish . The large clear bowl seconds as a salad bowl , and when you are through you lock the pump down out of sight for better storage . What more could you ask for ?
 We replaced our original OXO spinner only because we accidentally melted it . This is the best salad spinner we 've ever had - easy to use , brilliant design .
 This is the best salad spinner I have ever used . It spins the lettuce so dry it is ready to serve , I use to have to dry with paper towels . The size is just perfect for making salad for two to four servings .
 This is a great product . I love it . No complaints whatsoever . Agree with all of the other five star reviewers . Everything they said is true . This is a very sturdy , well-made product . Making salads with it is a cinch . OXO also makes an excellent garlic press . Best on the market in my opinion . You just got ta love good quality .
 Now we ca n't live without it . Our salads have so much more taste now that they are dry ... the dressing sticks to the leaves much better now ... and no more water in the bottom of our salad bowls.This one is small , but works great for the two of us . If you have needs to make more than two small salads , get the bigger one .
 or couples w/o children . It makes just enough salad for 2 , the ergonomics are perfect with a push spinner rather than the ridiculous lawn mower starts that were the norm pre OXO
 My greatest `` pet peeve '' when preparing salads is WET soggy lettuce . A couple of spins of my OXO Good Grips salad spinner has removed this nuisance from my life . So much water is removed with this nifty gadget , that I 'm able to put the cleaned -LRB- dry ! -RRB- lettuce into a crisper , where it keeps for several days without moisture to bring it to an early decay.If it seems like one of those kitchen gadgets you 'd marvel over and then place in a cabinet , never to be seen again . . it 'd not . If you do enjoy fresh salads , greens or herbs , I promise you will use this tool frequently . I 've found it very helpful when cooking with herbs , as I 'm able to `` spin '' more of the water from them after washing -LRB- there is a separate `` herb spinner '' , but I found it difficult to justify adding more items to my over-stuffed kitchen -RRB- . Before buying , I compared models carefully , and even today , this still seems to offer the most `` bang '' for the buck . Buy ; you wo n't be sorry .
 We are very pleased with our new salad spinner . It is attractive , easy to use , easy to clean and does a superb job at getting the greens dry .
 I ca n't even describe the crazy , time-consuming , wrist-wrenching machinations I have performed to dry salads and keep them crisp . Funny how that all could have been avoided by purchasing this salad spinner a lot sooner . Well , better late than never .
 A salad spinner is essential for anyone serious about thier salads . After years of using the standard brand you always see , I tossed it for the Oxo . I was a little skeptical about spending the money , because the old one worked , But I 'm not sorry . It 's easy to use and is more compact and easy to store than other versions . Yet it still spins a large load of lettuce . I liked the addeded feature of the small bowl for berries or other small items . Excellent
 I am replacing a smaller version of this that 's been around for over a decade , so that alone will tell you something about the quality . This unit is quite a bit bigger , perhaps will hold 3x as much as my old one , though you still need to put a realistic amt inside for it to get decently dry . Operating the spinning does require some muscle , at least to get it up to the crazy speeds that I prefer . Do n't forget to use the brake and let it fully stop before opening or lettuce will go flying ! . The black rubbery texture allows for a good , solid grip too.The new design separates easily to wash the parts . Typically , I wash it by hand and air-dry , though it 's been through the dishwasher many times and seems to be just fine.Nice product , well made , and should last a long time .
 I purchased this to clean and prepare my sprouts after they are done and ready for storage in the fridge . After putting in the sprouts , I fill with water and separate the bunched up sprouts to dehull them . The hulls float to the top and can easily be poured off , and other hulls pass through the basket and can the sprouts can easily just be lifted out of the bowl and the hull water poured out . Afterward , just put the spinner lid on and pump the handle to spin the sprouts dry . Easy to do , and spinning the excess water out of the sprouts keeps them fresher longer .
 This is the third salad spinner my wife and I have purchased . The other 2 worked great out of the box , but soon they both stopped working . This OXO spinner was noticably different the first time we used it . It seemed to have a better center of gravity and the inner bowl with the salad kept spinning to point where we had to use the brakes -LRB- the little black button on top -RRB- to stop it . Inner bowl lifted out easily and we drained the water . Spun again to try to get it as dry as possible and it got a little more , but not too much was left . We drained the bowl of water , then tossed the salad into the main bowl to use as out serving bowl . We like to make a lot of salad so we had leftovers . Just to test it , we left the salad -LRB- romaine and radicchio -RRB- in the bowl with the lid on and put it in the fridge . I was still nice and crisp 4 days later when we decided to just eat it . So far so good with this spinner , but if any problems come up I will update .
 I had been wanting a salad spinner for some time and am very happy with my OXO spinner . I grow many leafy greens in my garden , but washing and drying them by hand was always a lengthy chore . The Artisan Lettuces available in the grocery stores are always sandy and need a good cleaning , also . This spinner is just the ticket for greens as well as a host of other fresh fruits , berries , and veggies whether home grown , or store bought . The removable colander has many uses , and the outer bowl is great for serving large salads table side . The slip proof bottom is an added feature that makes this a great spinner .
 I recently received my salad spinner and ca n't believe I have lived this long without it!I love the fact that I can store the salad in the bowl in the fridge and have had a salad ready for eating in the fridge continuouslysince I bought it . I find myself eating more salad since it is already ready to go whenever I am looking to snack .
 Easy to use , nice big basket , and easy to clean ! The only down side is that the water does n't drain out during spinning . You have to remove basket to empty water from bowl .
 Dramatically extend the life and quality of your fresh leafy greens with this spinner!I primarily use this for drying and storing red leaf lettuce . I always wash thoroughly , spin several times , empty the water and store the whole thing in the bottom of the chill chest . I sincerely regret having delayed my purchase of this item . I wasted enough lettuce to pay for it several times . Everyone needs to consume fresh greens every day and you will find no better way to preserve the nutrients and save money than with this spinner . Greens last much longer and stay crisper giving you the health benefits you deserve . If my chill chest were larger , I would buy them to store all of my vegetables and berries .
 This is our third salad spinner . We had a pull cord style we hated as it wore out quickly . Our second one was a kitchenaid and we liked it well enough and felt lucky that it lasted a year . This one is great -- the plunger feels like it will last a lifetime and the bowl keeps the lettuce crisp when we use it for storage . My one complaint is that the bowl is on the small side .
 We love salad and have been using our OXO salad spinner for over 4 years . In that time it has stood up to the abuse of having the plunger pushed as fast as humanly possible by both the kids and Dad . We have dropped the bowl several times and the various nicks and scratches have not been fatal to overall performance.It does its job well . We love buying a fresh head of romaine to cut up and spin for our salad . It seems so much more economical and tasty than the pre-packaged lettuce.We also find that the strainer acts as a handy colander in a pinch .
 This is a cute little item to have around your kitchen -- and it doubles as a salad bowl with a cover . So whatever lettuce or herbs you do n't use can be `` spun '' and kept refrigerated in the bowl .
 I hate salad spinners - big , bulky and more dishes to wash , but OXO had a great idea with this one because you can store the salad in the bowl and it actually stays fresh ! With the spinach , carrot , lettuce bacteria scares recently this was a must .
 This is an absolute MUST for any salad lover . I have used several spinners in my life , but none even come close to the `` ease of use '' of this one . Just pump a couple of times and away it goes !
 After years of draining or patting dry with a paper towel , fresh washed have never been easier - and they stay fresh longer when stored . I had long wanted to have a salad spinner but really did n't feel that I had the storage space to keep such a bulky item when not in use but I wish I had purchased one years ago and made the room for it as I have now done . No , I do n't use it everyday and the bowl does n't even fit into my crisper drawers very well but the product has become an essential part of my kitchen equipment . Spin away !
 I love this salad spinner ! It is an all in one , you clean the salad then store it in there also . No more tupperware container . So far I have had the same lettuce leafs in there for 7 days and they are still crispy and ready to serve . It is so nice just to be able to pull it out of the fridge and have it ready to put in bowls . I am telling all my friends and family about this .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my daughter and she was very happy with it . I am pleased with this item as a gift .
 This is good for both washing veggies as well as drying them . Safe , easy and fun for kids to help out with in the kitchen . I find the large size useful for getting the water out of small laundry items too.Doesn ' t have the stupid string to break .
 Works great with salad and larger items such as
 OXO Good Grips Mini Salad and Herb Spinner is a must have item for the consciencious homemaker . This item does indeed live up to its name . Placing vegetable pieces in basket and replacing cover then pushing down center is all that is required . Surface water on vegetables is removed by centrifical force leaving you with just the vegetable pieces .
 We 've used this spinner for a couple of years and it works and looks as good as when we first bought it . The handle is EASY to pump -LRB- unlike the crank one we threw out in the past -RRB- and it spins really fast . It could n't be easier to clean any kind of greens
 I waited a long time before buying this product . Finally , after years of using an inferior spinner , I bought this . I love it . It spins nice and comes apart easily for clean up . While it is intuitive to use , read the directions so you learn how to take it apart for cleaning . My only concern is that I ca n't tell if it is dishwasher safe . I am assuming it is not . But still , it is a great product .
 This is a solidly built , well-thought out piece of kitchen equipment for anyone who is serious about their salad greens . It handles small amounts as well as salad greens for a crowd . The ability to lock down the handle makes it fit into the kitchen cabinet easily , but it is large . The clear plastic outer bowl could be used as a serving dish in a pinch , too .
 I love the way the lettuce comes out -- dry and fresh looking . This product works as claimed .
 My oh My ! This is the thing to have . Works like a charm at spinning out water on lettuce . Getting it dry makes it keep longer in the refrig . Nice product , nice size and quality . Will replace with same product if this one wears out , which will be a long time from now . I like how the push button can be locked in and make it easier to store , making it less tall , and taking up less room in cabinet or refrigerator . Would make a great gift for a new bride .
 I love this `` little '' salad spinner ! A regular one is too big for fresh herbs from the garden , so I had to `` hand dry '' when I 'd pick from the garden . Now that my kids are getting older and some have left home , I find that my regular salad spinner is just to big for salad fixings for just 2 or 3 . It 's so convenient to just pop a little bit in and spin . I have a mini food processor I keep on my counter , and since I purchased this I keep it on the counter too . Anyone with a garden , and in this economy you almost need one , should own this ! I wish I 'd had one years ago . A great gift for the new couple just starting out , empty-nesters who are down-sizing , college kids with their own apartment ... And easy to use - I have Lyme disease arthritis , which affects my hands . I can use this with no trouble . Easy push spin , instant stop button , convenient size , stays still on the counter when spinning -LRB- the only thing to improve it would be to add non-slip surface to the bottom -RRB- -- after I got it , and used it , I went right back online and got 2 more - one for my newlywed daughter -LRB- perfect for salads for 2 -RRB- and one for my mother , who lives alone and has alot of trouble with her hands . This should be a standard in every kitchen .
 I read a lot of the reviews on amazon . I decided to purchase this gadget at my local target . I did n't quite know what to expect . I was amazed by how crisp my lettuce came out . I eat a lot of salads and I was thinking this would help me cut my time in half in preparing salads . It really does.I read on another review that said to let salad spin once , then empty out the water , then spin the lettuce again and voila my salad and other veggies come out crisp.GET THIS ! TRUST ME IT WILL SAVE YOU TIME .
 I was skeptical about spending so much on a salad spinner but now that I 've had it for weeks I have no regrets . I love , love , love this ! It works perfectly even on something as delicate like raspberries . I thought they might end up all smashed up but they were totally intact .
 I bought this spinner to replace an older model that was years old because the plastic spinner basket had gotten brittle and was starting to break apart when I washed it . Salad spinners are great at getting most of the moisture off freshly washed greens . I kept the outside plastic bowl from my older spinner because it 's still in very good shape and is useful as a salad bowl . This is a very useful kitchen tool .
