 This ornament was ordered as a gift and did not disappoint us . It did not feel overly delicate and the paint was good quality .
 Very thick and heavy , not fluffy but good for after a shower and will last in the wash and dry .
 My fiance loooooooooooooves his robe.He hates taking it off , says &#34; if I could just wear this all day everyday I would be a happy man &#34; comfy and looks great
 Definitely not disappointed with the quality of this product , but I 'm not sure about the claim that &#34; one size fits most . &#34; Maybe most football players . Very large , but shrinks a little with washing .
 just like the title says . Warm , comfy but run a size too big . I do n't wear them out as they are just for lounging , so it 's not that big of a deal for me .
 As is the case with most adidas products I 've owned , my 3-stripe fleece pants are made for style , fit , and durability . They are just the right weight of fabric for those cool winter mornings in Southern California -LRB- not so for 85degree summer days , when I 'll stash them away for cooler days to come -RRB- . My size is somewhere between a medium and a large . These adidas pants are amply cut , but maybe a tad too roomy for my particular build . A medium would probably be restrictive when I 'm doing calesthenics or some weight exercises . This being said , I am nevertheless very happy with this product and with Amazon 's superior service .
 Good quality and fast delivery . Wonderful company to purchase from.This was purchased for a baby shower gift -- for twins ... it made a big hit as this is first children for the couple and they are avid Cowboy fans . Plus babies are identical BOY twins ... big success .
 I 've been using this model racket for around 15 years and it 's still one of the best rackets ever made by Prince . The Prince Graphite Mid Plus is still one of the stiffest rackets you can get and it also has excellence weight and balance.This racket is more suited to the higher standard player . It provides exceptional control especially with volleys . I have these rackets strung at between 62-64 pounds for hard court and grass court play.It will be a sad day when there are no more of these rackets available .
 A great racquet for anyone , although it is better suited for the more advanced player . For years , I played with the OS version of this racquet which is noticeably more powerful and is a little more forgiving than the MS version . At this point , I prefer the MS version more just because of the better control and feel.Even now , the Prince Graphite -LRB- OS or MS -RRB- is still a great racquet , and IMO , one of the best control racquets ever made .
 After overdoing it , having shoulder surgery , and going through many months of physical therapy , I was finally ready to dive back into tennis . My original racquet was one of those 8oz extremely-light jobbies with the super-stiff string . It was great to volley with , but absolute murder on the arm ! After a season using one of those , I had some odd issue with my hand , something called golfer 's elbow , and then labrum issues in my shoulder . All the vibration and shock from striking the ball would transfer directly into my hand/elbow/shoulder and rattle me into surgery.Back to this racquet . It was recommended to me by many folks and I figured I would give it a shot . I have been using it for a little over a year now . No arm pain at all anymore ! I string it around 60lbs with Prince ProBlend and use a dampener . It does a great job on groundstrokes and gives you plenty of pace on the ball . This being a heavier racquet than my last , I figured my volleys would suffer . However , the Prince Graphite is slightly head-light and makes it easier to maneuver for volleying.All-in-all , I highly recommend it and plan on getting another 1-2 once I finally get a job again !
 For this as a gift for my grandmother who went to U of A , and she absolutely loved it . Had tons of room and was durable . The reversible part was her favorite .
 I ordered the set of swords on December 9th -LRB- Sunday -RRB- and recieved the swords today -LRB- Wednesday , the 12 -RRB- . The Shipping was absolutly BLAZING ! UPS Shipped with a Tracking Number made me confident in Sword Demon . Packaging was great and everything was alright . I would deffiently buy from Sword Demon again.These swords are UNSHARPENED . It would appear that Stainless Steel is not very good for sharpening them either . These are really `` Wallhanger '' katana 's , But when your buddies come over and see them , they almost cry . These are just the coolest swords because of the movie . All the symbols and words on the blades are actually etched . The symbols and the like are the exact same from the movie .
 Great racquet ! But I 'm a power hitter I have no power Generating Difficulty With This racquet . My style is to try to volleyball and everything I 've found this racquet to well balanced and maneuvered . I like the factory grip although with distinct ridges Others prefer a smooth grip May - give the factory grip on chance and you May Come to like it . The `` sale '' prices are right for a high About end racquet , racquets and Black Knight in Have a reputation for overall durability so you Should get plenty of use Before replacement . Note
 i love this racket ... and it 's perfect for people like me who need a light and stylish yet powerful and controlable -LRB- do n't know i spelt that right -RRB- racket . i am able to play really well and make well aimed shots ... pretty good for top spin . this is a very good racket for it 's cost unlike many other expensive ones ... this is a good racket for intermeddiate/beg . advanced players like i am and is a good racket to begin working on your skills with it.BE SURE TO GET THIS RACKET FOR ANYONE WHO IS LEARNING OR JUST LOVES TO PLAY TENNIS !!!
 I wired both the the active wire and the ground . I think a lot of the problems reported with this product is because the parts were not well grounded or the bikes were not made of steel . I did not use the tail light , so I had to replace the 2.4 W bulb with a 3W bulb . That added another $ 5 to the cost , but I purchased a brighter bulb . It has worked great since then and I do n't have to worry about charging batteries .
 Came sooner than expected and worked purfect ... we used it for one of my freind 's kiddos science fair project SHE GOT AND A
 This tetherball set is pretty nice for the price -LRB- roughly 20 bucks -RRB- . The ball is soft enough to not hurt a 3 year old 's face at full speed . :-RRB- -LRB- Found that out by accident -RRB- As soon as it was set up , even the LAZY adults were having a ball playing together.It is * fairly * sturdy , BUT , the bottom connector -LRB- where the steel gound post `` clicks into '' the next section of post -RRB- area is not super tight . This results in a sort of `` swaying '' motion with the post , but , not enough to tip over or affect the game in a negative way ... This is why I deducted one star , as I will likely end up stabilizing the pole somehow , which should n't be necessary.Set up is quick and easy . My instructions did n't seem to exactly match up with the actual pole assembly , but it was all very straightforward , anyway . The ball comes tied to the string , with a clip at the top , so it can easily be brought inside if you want . I think the ball would be fine outside in the rain and sun , though , as well.I would higly recommend this to anyone with kids of any age , or to adults who still like to play once in a while .
 I did n't want to pay $ 20-ish dollars for this , but I relented after waiting a year , and not finding it on sale.My 3 and 5 year old -LRB- and their friends -RRB- have had a blast with this giant tetherball set.First of all , it 's outside time for the kids . Any age group can participate in playing . There 's no stringent rules or start/stop time , etc. . Easy to start or stop a game.My 3 year old 's coordination has improved greatly , and I see his self esteem and self confidance climb when he whacks the ball back to his sister . My 5 year old can basically play this by herself -- just whacks the ball and allows it to come back around to her.I have treated the set `` gently '' -LRB- we store inside when weather is rainy -RRB- , and it looks new after 8 months.All in all -- well worth the money spent , and is still used 8 + months after purchasing .
 everything I have ordered came in great time , good shape , & as I ordered , except one , it was out of stock & I was not charged , am very happy to order from amazon.com
 I usually do n't advocate shopping at Wally World , but had to go there as I needed a bike chain on a Sunday.They sell these flashers for less than $ 2 . Go there , hold your nose , and buy a dozen , hand them out to the morons who ride lightless at night.Five stars for value -- that 's if you purchase it from the Evil Empire , and not on Amazon.Not waterproof btw .
 I bought 5 of these when it went on sale . Work great for the price .
 This is my favorite pole for fluke fishing , it stands up to the rough enviornment & is very sensative when used with spider line .
 This collection set my game room off . I love the quality of the work and I definitely recommend it to others !!! Love it .
 Used these to put up around the top of my sons room as a border . He loves them and everyone who sees them used this way thinks it a great decorating idea for a football fan .
 More visually interesting than plain white , and the material is definitely better for dampness than plain cotton . But please do n't wear them with sandals , they are n't that visually interesting!The bottom black part is thicker , but not thick enough to pill or get natty with use ... you know what I mean ... thick socks have a way of breaking down with wear.The uppers , the white and colored part are thin , stretchy and breathable , flexible enough as well to pull down slightly in the rear to make them no-shows if you choose .
 The Impex SM4000 Smith Machine is a very versitile and quality built unit . I have used this machine for over 5 years . If you are looking for an affordable smith cage , this is it . The only thing it is lacking is ball bearings on the rollers . To keep them working smoothly WD40 needs to be applied regularly to keep the runners clean . I purchased my unit NEW for $ 530 at my local Play It Again Sports . Do yourself a favor and save yourself some money at Play It Again Sports .
 This mat is full 2 '' thick and firm just right for exercise or sleeping . The quality could be better
 This is a great 8 foot by 4 foot exercise mat with plenty of room to stretch out . The one and a half inches of padding is far superior to those ultra thin pilates and yoga mats . This mat actually helps make exercise fun again . The mat is even comfortable enough for sleeping . It also conveniently folds up into 4 feet vertically by 2 feet horizontally by a half foot deep and comes with straps to help carry it .
 They delivered the product ahead of of their estimated time.I love the TKO MAT . The mat is so comfortable , you know your on a mat , not the floor.Anyone who wants a home exercise Mat this is the way to go
 I have hardwood floors , so I wanted a mat that could provide comfortable cushioning as I do stretching/sit-ups/push-ups / etc. . I also wanted it to be 3 ` x6 ' , as I thought a 2 ' wide mat would be too narrow to do more than lie in a straight line . This mat has met my needs perfectly.The foam is firm , yet cushioning . The vinyl covering fits the foam well -LRB- I have seen reviews for other mats where the vinyl covering was loose and left wrinkles -RRB- . The mat itself is quite light weight given its size , so it is easy to pick up and store away .
 This is a very high quality gym mat . Very thick cushioning , gives you very good support . I have a hard time doing floor exercises because of back problems , I believe this will be a great help to me .
 I have loved this mat for its support and light weight . The only thing that would make it the best is a cloth tote bag which I made in just a couple of hours .
 Great on game day ! Really fun when others have their favorite team Smasher . The different teams have different sayings when &#34; smashed . &#34; Lots of fun !
 Thought the football would be a bit larger , but that would be my fault for not &#34; reading &#34; ... cute , fun and very loud !!!
 This is great ! It 's soft , easy for the kids to use and the guy talking is very easy to hear and motivates the kids to cheer for the Steelers .
 everything I have ordered came in great time , good shape , & as I ordered , except one , it was out of stock & I was not charged , am very happy to order from amazon.com
 the hook at the end of the handle is good for keeping it from flying out of your hand . this thing is pretty heavy and solid . the leading edge is rounded while the back edge is triangular shaped . the grip could be better , but overall it 's a great beater .
 It is a very nice bat , very well made seems almost indestructible , I am even going to buy another one .
 GREAT LUREI landed a 31in 11lb Steelhead after a 10 min battle from the bank on the Clackamas river on 8-8-12 . I am even catching larger trout -LRB- 10 + in -RRB- with this same # 3 lure . For summer fishing in the PAC NW Blue fox lures make up almost 1/2 of my tackle box for Salmon to trout .
 went camping over memorial day weekend did n't have cell phone reception but received up to the minute weather reports and had great radio reception when other radios in group failed
 I bought these for my 150 pound horton trac 150 tacoma crossbow . these bolts fly true and sped up my fps by 28 . Have shot about 150 times on each bolts and they still look like new .
 They shoot good and seem to be tough . Have yet to shoot a deer but think they will do just fine .
 These are no frills hard working bolts . They killed two does this year and will be used again next year . I shoot a 325fps xbow and would suggest these to anyone in that range . The large vanes are the way to go . I have tried several bolts and these are the best I found .
 So far so good . Good price and appears to begood quality . Shot straight and quick , veins , inserts andnocs seem to be well attached .
 Use these in a Horton Brotherhood crossbow , they are very sturdy and accurate . But please note there is some assembly required , the inserts and nocks need to be installed -LRB- use any of the &#34; Crazy &#34; type glue -RRB- and both half-moon and flat nocks are provided .
 Great product , good price , I have shot them several times and never had anything go wrong . I did robin hood one of them but that was my fault .
 Been trying to make my first crossbow kill for a couple of years . Never could make it happen then I got a new Horton Crossbow and some of these carbon express arrows with muzzie broad heads and one shot one kill . The shot was a 28 yds and the deer ran another 50 yds and crashed in the woods . She did manage to break the shaft off when she fell since I hit her in her shoulder and instead of a clean pass through . Still accurate arrows .
 Caint give a 5 star do to some of these arrows flew & hit target better than others . My guess is there worked out of ballance of some sort . Iam a Moa guy = minute of angle . I want percision accuracy when it comes to arrows . You Caint be off target and several would be .
 nice carbon arrows , Carbon Express makes quality arrows that will fly true for target and hunting at a decent price , considering the cost of some brands
 I have purchased many bevel tools and I like this one because it goes further down into thehole and the shape feels better to my hand especially when working out a lot of thumb holesused this product a lot and have n't had to sharpen it yet .
 A good product , has a sharp edge and does what it is meant to do .
 I recently purchased a pack of two Sampras `` O '' vibration dampeners for my Wilson Prostaff 6.0 Original Mid and was pleasantly surprised with the result.While the package claims -LRB- Rather dubiously , in my opinion -RRB- that the `` O '' design allows for greater maneuverability , I found that the dampener was perfect for my game . Many Shock Absorbers pop out during play , while others dampen too little or too much , inhibiting valuable ` feel . ' I found that this dampener took off sufficient vibration without diminishing feel and remained lodged firmly in the strings despite the racquet 's best attempts to catapult it.The design may not be for everyone , but at this price , why not ?
 The classic dampener from Unique . I do n't like a lot of muted feel from a dampener , I just like the ` ting ' removed . I play with graphite Wilson racquets that have the classic feel , but also do n't have any modern technology that dampens the vibration from hitting balls . The flexible nature of graphite can translate some of that into you arm , but modern dampeners like the Gamma Shockbuster and the like take away too much feel for my liking . The Unique `` o-ring ' gives me the perfect balance of feel and dampening .
 its a good dampener . I bought it for my head racket which is now 6yrs oldthe reason i bought it was because my racket was getting these little annoying noises when i serveso i tried it on and now the sounds are gone and its also very good for the price
 I have not used * many * other dampeners in the past , but from what I HAVE used and tried , I like these the best . It 's cool that there are two rings - they are slightly different materials -LRB- and of course two different colors -RRB- , which lets you choose one that you like most -LRB- I use the black one -RRB- . Dampens well , but does not kill the ` feel ' . Mine DID fall out once -LRB- after several weeks of use -RRB- , but I put it back in and it has yet to fall out again . It WAS rather unpleasant looking around the court for it , but since it appears to happen so rarely , I would n't worry about it.Definitely recommend that you give it a try!EDIT -LRB- 10/21/2011 -RRB- : Well , over time the dampener began to fall out more frequently , and now I have lost one of the two that came in the box . The dampener is still very nice , but be careful!I have been trying a rubber band recently , and found that I like the feel just as much - and no risk falling out .
 good why would I want to keep writing writing and writing while all I wanted to say is good . strange .
 The product photo shows one black and one red dampener , but TennisExpress shipped to me two white dampeners . I was actually hoping for the red and black ones , just to match my racquet , but I do know that is only cosmetic . The dampeners function just fine .
 This is my favorite vibration reduction device . I 'm not sure why I like it so much , but it gives me more confidence when I play with it in my racquet .
 Works as advertised ; best shock absorber I 've used . Silences the annoying ` poing ' sound from the racquet , and has never fallen out , even on a direct mishit . Four stars because they are a little expensive for what you get .
 I love the minimal design . It definitely dampens the `` ping '' from my racquets . As others have said , the red one is made of a more flexible and softer material than the black one . Most people seem to prefer the red.Like any of these small-shaped dampeners , if you mishit and the ball hits the dampener , it will start to pop out and you might lose it if you 're not paying attention . It 's more likely to happen on open string patterns , but that does n't exclude the closed string patterns . In summary , mishit and the dampener will pop out . But I ca n't fault the dampener for the player 's poor groundstroke setup , so the dampener gets 5 stars .
 Bought these for my daughter 's squash racquet after I saw one of the boys at the tournament using them . We were previously using the two dot ball dampener , which would everyso often break off . These look much more durable . Do a great job dampening . Highly recommend .
 I got these for my almost 5 year old daughter to go with her Bratz bike . The other reviewer did n't say what age her child is , but the recommended 5 and up age is appropriate . I would guess up to age 8 or so . The elbow/knee pads fit snug with velcro .
 This mat is especially good for when you need to do yoga positions lying down or on your knees . It 's really thick and comfortable you could even fall asleep on it . I like the fact that it 's all cotton , too .
 Beautifully made and perfect for restorative yoga . I could n't be happier . I own several other products from Hugger Mugger and always choose their product when available for bolsters , meditation cushions , etc. .
 This mat is so comfortable . I do kundalini yoga with Ana Brett and the previous mat did not have enough padding for me to do the exercises comfortably . This mat is very padded and comfortable . I am able to do longer workouts with no stress on my knees and back . This is quite big and heavy , would be difficult to bring to a class - I recommend for home use.Worth every penny
 Title says it all it 's an amazing rod i even use it on the beach and it cast an ounce and a half metal well over 100 feet im really impressed with the rod
 The product came in about 3 days after ordering . The hat fits well and 59Fifty finally put in a black hat liner in the inside of the hat , which I like . I wish the `` A '' logo was bigger .
 Every New Era `` on field '' fitted cap I 've had has been worth the cost . This item arrived on time , was in a great box to protect it and was better priced than other sites . They are sized right and hold up for years . I have some from over 10 years ago that I still wear at times . You know if the major league -LRB- and minor league -RRB- ball clubs use this brand of caps , there 's a reason . This is definatley one of theose `` you get what you pay for '' items .
 It looks and fits great , but the best thing about it is that it is n't a Yankee or BoSox cap !
 This the best since heavy coats were invented this keeps you warm in the coldest weather and in is well worth 50 bucks .
 This is the greatest thing you can get with 50 bucks . it keep you cool just like it said it would , it is alsome . everything i needed in one shirt . wow !!
 When I tried these goggles , they did not need even one adjustment during a one hour swim ! I put them on when I went into the pool and took them off when I went out . There was no single drop of water that leaked to the inside and no fogging up ! All other goggles I tired needed adjustment every couple of laps or so , and even with frequent adjustments , the other goggles I tired still leaked!Also , the other reason I ordered these goggles is that other goggles hurt my nose in the middle . I do not know how other goggles designed the joint between the two lenses , but none of them fit me without pressing very tightly on my nose to the point of injuring it . The Aqua Sphere Eagle Swim Goggles on the other hand have a nose joint that is made of a softer kind of plastic that is more flexible and adjusts to the various nose shapes . I barely felt I have any goggles on.Other things I liked about these goggles is the easy-adjust buckles which had rail marks on them so both sides can be adjusted to be exactly the same length . A nice bonus!Of course , for those like me with a weak eyesight , the optic lenses are great to finally see in the pool ! But my previous goggles were optical and I got used to the feeling and that is why I did not emphasize this point here . But still , that is probably the first reason any of us weak sighted will buy these goggles :--RRB- And for those who can see normally , the other features of these goggles make them the best designed goggles anybody can own . I do not see anything else I want from a pair of goggles . And did I mention they do not fog up at all ! Oh wait , I did : - -RRB- They also look great , like an eagle ! :-D And I can see on my sides too ; - -RRB- Bottom line , anybody who enjoys swimming will enjoy these goggles and will start wondering why other goggle manufacturers do not use the same plastic material and suction form used in these goggles that totally prevent leaks .
 These are the best goggles we have ever tried . They fit well , do not fog up and have a good seal . No rashes from the material . The instructions for replacing the clear lenses with optic lenses are rubbish but once you pop the plastic frame off , the rest is very easy . Ignore the packet instructions and just follow your instincts !
 I am so nearsighted that I literally could n't see the end of the lane when in the swimming pool . With these goggles I can now see my swim instructor 's face , see the clock across the pool ; see the end of the lane as well as the lane markers on the bottom of the pool . Now I can focus on my swimming instead of worrying about what I will run into next ! It took me a few minutes to figure out how to put the lenses into the frame , to replace the nonprescription lenses , but once I understood it was n't hard to do . I wear these three times a week for my swim classes and love the comfortable fit as well as being able to see better . These are more expensive than some other choices , but worth every penny -LRB- yes , I did previously try some of the cheaper models : -RRB-
 Having owned two previous G-Shocks in my life -LRB- including the first series in 1984 -RRB- , I 've long appreciated their quality . The main reason I stopped wearing them was simply because the resin straps would break , and having worn them for 4 years I grew weary of them . However , having burned through many fashion watches in the last 10 years I 've been disappointed to spend $ $ $ only to get 1 or 2 years ' worth of usage . So I 'm back to G-Shock . I think this model -LRB- G1710D-7AV -RRB- represents a nice blend between good looks and practical durability ... which most guys really want . The face is smaller on my wrist than I expected from a G-Shock , but I think it 's still classy for the office . The side buttons are hidden in gray plastic -LRB- which you ca n't see in picture -RRB- , but the rest of the watch is metal . You might find a classier analog-face G-Shock in the $ 200 - $ 300 , but this one is a better value ! The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the LED is n't backlight . It 's an amber light that comes around the inside bevel . So the LED helps you read the dial hands , but not the LCD screens . Nonetheless , it 's still a cool light color . PS - the bottom LCD screen is n't blue as pictured , but it 's still a different color than the top LCD which adds further distinction to the watch .
 Thats a good watch , light , comfortable , accurate and very eyecatch , I ve got another GShock , I have wear it for eight years , I have to replace the band and the rubber shock cover one year ago because it was deteriorated , now it looks brand new again , with this stainless steel model I dont have to worry about that any more , I will not give it five stars because it has plastic and rubber parts in the case , but I recomend it , this is the better price I could find
 I am ready to purchase this beautiful watch but I am confused whether is solar or not ? Any help , please ?
 Finally I found a rack that works out for me ... we have 2 MTBs -LRB- 1 ladies model -RRB- , 2 heavy city bikes -LRB- 1 ladies model -RRB- , a 20 '' girls bike and a race bike . This rack can take any combination of 4 of the bikes mentioned pretty easily . Before I ordered this one I tried 2 Thule carriers -LRB- both more expensive -RRB- as I had good experience with this brand in the past . Not this time . I had to return them as they would simply not fit 4 bikes at all . Moreover there was no easy and safe way to install a ladies bike -LRB- although it came with adapters -RRB- which was disappointing . Each time I had to give up after spending over an hour of trying to fit these bikes on somehow ... even if it would be possible to fit the bikes in theory , it would take so much work fitting them on that I would not recommend it -LRB- I am a handy guy btway , pretty sure it is not ` me ' -RRB- . This one does it all , and it is pretty easy to setup once you get the hang of it , takes me 10 minutes to get everything setup -LRB- 2 minutes to install the rack , and about 2 minutes per bike -RRB- . Be aware that the rack is extremely heavy , but I consider this a pro as I can drive over unstable roads and take turns worry free . Super stable setup.So if you are taking women 's model bikes or have to take 4 bikes with you -LRB- or both -RRB- then this is about the only rack I know that can handle it all.Highly recommended !
 I needed to haul 3 LWB Recumbents across the US . The Yakima and Thule Platform racks were too expensive -LRB- and received mediocre reviews , as well -RRB- . The Hollywood Platform only comes in a 2 bike version now . I bought both the Swagman and Xport -LRB- also sold as Sportcraft -RRB- 4 bike versions . The Xport was okay , but compared to the Swagman it was junk.The Swagman is an awesome rack . Driving from coast to coast , the rack is solid with little sway or bounce . I liked that the rack folds up against the vehicle when empty . The hooks that hold each bike `` ratchet '' down for tightness , and slide off easily with the quick release system . They also have a hole that accepts a small padlock -LRB- $ 6 from Walmart -RRB- for security . Huge peace of mind knowing bikes were bombproof . Great rack , highly recommended !!!!!
 It is rare that I am completely blown away by ANY product . BUT after using my Swagman XC-4 for about a month ... I AM ! This rack does exactly what is says ... carries any size or style bike with ease . It 's very easy to assemble and although I was n't crazy about the idea of having to buy the `` special threaded locking hitch pin '' to secure it to my vehicle , I 'm glad I did because it 's wonderful . There is ZERO wobble with this rack and the threaded locking hitch pin is an additional deterrent to any would be thief . I drive a 2006 Honda Odyssey . Had a 2 '' receiver hitch installed just for the bike rack and then bought the rack . The ONLY small issue that I 've noticed is that I can not leave my parking sensors engaged anymore because , when folded up . the bike rack frame is within the sensors range and causes the alarm to `` ping '' everytime I slow to under 5 MPH while driving . No big deal . I just do n't use the sensor system 24/7 anymore . Love LOVE LOVE this bike rack .
 We opted for this style of hitch mount because we have several types of bicycles , including ladies ' frame and Y-frame . It arrived very well packaged and the instructions were easy to follow . I had it on the car in less than an hour and am very impressed at how solidly built it is . As mentioned in other reviews , it is quite heavy and requires a strong person or preferably two average strength people to get it on the hitch . Once installed , it only took a couple of minutes to work out an appropriate arrangement for all the bikes so they would fit together . The bars that hold the bikes down are very easy to use and this newer model has a padding that did n't leave any residue on the bikes even after a long drive . We 're happy with it and looking forward to getting out and riding more often now that we have a way to get all the bikes on one car easily .
 The Swagman bike rack was exactly what I expected . It may not have the characteristics of a Yakima rack , but one can not beat the price of the Swagman . It only lacks a locking pin to be a complete bike carrier . I have used it once and held up well . It was easy to assemble . I recommend it .
 I bought a small SUV , 2009 Mitsu Outlander so I could take the kids outdoors more often . We have three mountain bikes that are all different in size and geometry . I spent three weeks researching for a Bike Hitch mount and boy , glad that I did ! I wanted to get a conventional hanging bike rack such as the Thule and Yakima versions but then realized not only is the loading of the bikes cumbersome , it also blocks the tail lights and rear-view . This Swagman was easy to assemble , about 30 minutes and comes with a threaded lock . I would still advise to get a more secure lock for about 15 bucks . Once assembled , the three bikes were easy to load and the center of gravity was much better than the conventional hanging racks . The bikes also stayed in place during sharp turns and bumps . Note to all , if this is the first time you will have a bike rack , slow down on uneven driveways since it will scrape ! It happened to us in the first day ! Overall kudos to Swagman for a good well-thought design.I highly recommend this .
 Works well for the most part . The only problem we had with this product is that the bolt that is used to either keep the rack up or to hold it in the down position is weak . We used the bike rack twice and the pin is bent to the point that we need to replace it with a stronger bolt . Other than that we would have no problems recommending this product to anyone else . In fact we would buy this unit again .
 This item was great for carrying not only road bikes but mountain bikes as well . I have had this for about 6 months and kept it attached to my car for the entire summer and most of the fall . It folds up out of the way very easily and can be put into action with very little effort.It is relatively simple to assemble out of the box and takes about 20-30 mins . So far it has been very durable and i have had no problems with this product ! I am always getting stopped at triathlons and the local pool with people asking about my rack , i just smile and say its the best thing ive purchased for races ! If you carry two or more bikes regularly , then this is the item for you !
 A little heavy , but that is probably a good thing -LRB- indicates it should stand up to years of use -RRB- . Once you get the beast into the receiver , it is absolutely no effort to get the bikes on it -LRB- once properly adjusted for the wheelbases -RRB- . The two upward posts lay to the side to not only allow the whole unit to be folded up to the rear of your vehicle when unloaded , but it also gets them out of the way when loading the bike that goes behind it -LRB- allowing you to put the bike straight on and not have to slide it in behind it -RRB- . As you put each bike on you slide on the lock mechanism on the upright -LRB- and push down -RRB- to secure the bike . Then you can move on to the next bike with ease . There are even rubber straps to thread through the wheels to secure them to the tire holders for an extra level of secure attachment.An absolutely fabulous bike carrier . An order of magnitude better than the traditional `` hanging '' style ones . Definitely one of my better purchases !
 I am impressed with this rack . It is sturdy and holds my bikes very securely to my truck . It is easy to load the bikes on and take them off . The only thing I do not like about this rack is in the hitch portion . It comes with a threaded bolt which goes through my receiver to keep the track attached to my truck . The problem is , the female threads are in the bike rack portion so I can not fit a hitch pin through there to lock the rack to my truck . Other than that it is a great rack and I would recommend it .
 This rack is so much better than the hanging racks especially for different types of bikes . I can quickly load a road , a hybird , and two large kids bikes . I could never get more 3 bikes on the 4 bike hanging rack even then they jammed together and banging or getting scratched . This rack solves all those problems .
 Bought this rack on Monday and it got here on Tuesday . Took about 30-45 minutes to put it all together . Once I figured out that I had to take some parts apart to put them back together on the rack base , it all went well . I love how the bikes mount and feel that the bikes are more secure than on the type of racks that the bikes hang from the top tube . I would defiantly recommend this bike rack .
 After a lot of research I settled on this rack . I was pleased with the construction quality , heavy but solid . The bikes are easier to load and unload then our old rack . The bikes are a lot more stable now , they ca n't hit each other . We are using this on the back of a travel trailer , which is hard on rack with the extra bouncing . Time will tell , so far so good - 3.5 hours each way last weekend.Love our State Parks in Minnesota !!!!
 We were looking for something that would hold four bikes that would securely hold all parts of the bike ! We love it . This is the cadillac of all bike racks . Easy to put on and use . We 're glad we purchased this .
 I recently purchased the subject bike carrier after reviewing many other simular product . Swagman has been around for some time and manufactures a great product . The construction and quality is very good and quite sturdy . I wanted a rack that would hold 4 bikes secure and still be easy to use . I am currently only using it as a 2 place bike rack and did not assemble the section for the other two bikes until the kids get older . It is working out real well and takes up less space when in the down position . The assembly was real easy about 25 minutes . The wieght is not an issue and can be put on and taken off by one person . Due the the position open and in the folded up position the back up sensors on my Flex thinks you are near an object but it is a non issue and just have to be careful backing up . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a 4 place bike holder . Quality parts and craftsmanship . The pin for the hitch is very secure and you can purchase a locking device if you feel you may have a problem with theft . The ratchet hold down bars have holes for small lock to prevent theft while the bikes are on the rack . I use a cable lock around all of them intead of single locks .
 Just purchased this rack so that I could get back into biking with some friends . I wanted a 4-bike rack since we just had a baby , and I plan to take bikes to the park as a family over the years . I also wanted a platform rack so that I did n't have to worry about the bikes swinging on a hanging-style rack and marring the back of my car.So , I actually used it for the first time yesterday -LRB- I 've had it on the car for a few days -RRB- to haul my bike , and it was a dream . Once you have the wheel holders in the right place , installing the bike takes 2 minutes , tops . You just set the bike on the rack , push down the ratcheting hook , and put straps through the wheels . I watched the rack in my rear view mirror as I went over bumps . Both the bike and the rack were solid and barely moved.As far as putting the wheel holders in place , fairly simple - just unscrew the pressure nut , slide , and re-tighten . However , I can see -LRB- as I try to put more bikes on -RRB- how figuring out ideal positions can take some trial and error.The only `` complaints '' I have : - This thing is HEAVY . Shipping weight is 63lbs . Given the box probably does n't weigh all that much , the rack is likely just over 60lbs . I do n't have any problems getting it on and off my car - and I 'm by no means a fit guy - but I would n't want to have to carry it far or up and down stairs regularly . - This thing is BIG . Folded down , it still takes up about 3 ' x 5 ' x 1 ' . I 'd be hesitant -LRB- because of the weight -RRB- to stand this up on end , so it 's not going to just tuck neatly away in a corner . What I 've done is bought 2 wall hooks from Lowe 's to hang this on the garage wall when it 's not on the car.One recommendation I do have -LRB- since most socket sets do n't have a socket this large -RRB- is to buy either a 23mm -LRB- best -RRB- or 15/16 '' socket to install the rack . This is the size that will fit the screw-in hitch pin.Overall , though , I am very happy with my purchase .
 My husband is totally in love with this rack . Would recommend it to anyone . Very easy to use and holds bikes securely .
 the rack is very good and almost met all expectations . I think I disagree with the topmost reviewer that &#34; it is still not easy &#34; . I would say that it is very easy to use it . This is my first rack and i though some time between cheaper options and racks . Friend of mine noticed that i have two &#34; girl &#34; bikes and idea to mount and unmount special bar immediately left me with just a rack version . it took about 3 mins to load three bikes and same to unload for the first time from Swagman . Second time I was faster . The only issue that i noticed that hooks can not be rotated and make less convenient unloading.also , one picture shows solid bar that is inserted to hitch . my version has non solid . it is probably bar for smaller hitch . just to avoid confusion .
 I 've had this rack for a couple of years now and am extremely pleased with it . I have hauled mountain bikes , road bikes , and kids bikes . It takes a few minutes to adjust the rack to new bike configurations , but once adjusted , it only takes about 30 seconds to get the bike on and off . I 'm a little concerned about damaging the bike frame from the ratcheting hooks , so I usually wrap a rag around the frame where that contacts.I thought that the rack would be a constant rattle on the back of my vehicle , but it is surprisingly quiet . I have loaded four mountain bikes and gone on bumpy dirt roads with the rack and it has performed excellently . The rack is heavy , so I usually leave it on my Pathfinder , though I have also fitted it on a Sienna minivan . If you want a light rack for occassional use , then there may be better options . Otherwise , it has performed beyond my expectations for both road and mountain bike hauling .
 Great product , works as advertised . It might be a bit to heavy for me -LRB- a woman -RRB- to manage alone but I 'm not sure light product would be as sturdy and secure.We are able to fit out 4 bikes on it all right . Despite some reviews saying you ca n't put a kids bike on it - well , we hauled our little one 's 14-incher with training wheels together with three bigger bikes , no problems . No additional bars for our bikes , no safety issues , recommend .
 One of the few bike racks that I found that could fit cruiser wide tires and 4 bikes . Price was good compared to competition . Only complaints are it 's heavy and if you have a lift back you ca n't open it with the bikes on the rack .
 At our children 's urging we recently purchased bicycles for ourselves so that we could take family rides together . Since we are not experienced cyclists , perhaps I am not the best judge of a bike rack ; in fact , this is the first bike rack I have ever owned and perhaps that makes me a mite too critical.That being said , however , on the whole , I am very pleased with this rack . It holds our four bikes extremely securely , including my women 's frame bike -LRB- one of the reasons we decided to go with a platform-style bike rack , like this one -RRB- . The bikes , when firmly fastened , do n't budge at all . I like the fact that the bike rack tilts upward , away from the road , which gives us an added sense of security when driving over bumps . I like the fact that the arms ratchet down , rather than screw down , as a competitive rack does , as I find that we are often securing and then releasing the arms to better the position the bikes . Screwing and unscrewing would drive me up the wall . Plus , the ratcheting allows us to get a really snug fit . My husband always gives each arm one last little shove before we take off and the ratcheting feature ensures an incredibly tight fit.On the downside , we still find getting the bikes on the rack a hassle . We bought the platform-style bike rack because we thought , based on various reviews , that it would be easier to load than a hanging rack -- and perhaps it is . Again here our inexperience shows . Using this bike rack , however , is still like fitting together a puzzle . Even though we 've figured out which bikes fit best in which position and we 've gotten the tire loops set just right , it 's still a challenge . Invariably , the pedals are oriented wrong and getting in the way of installing the next bike , or rubbing against the ratchet arm , or one bike 's seat does n't slide under the other 's handlebars exactly as it seemed to the last time we loaded the rack . It can be very frustrating , especially at the end of an exhausting and sweaty ride . -LRB- I would note from experience that it 's best to stagger the tire loops as dramatically to the left and right as possible to make the loading as easy as possible . -RRB- Also on the downside is the weight of the rack . We store ours in a walk-out basement and it 's all my husband can do to get the thing out and up the little hill to our driveway . I definitely could not install the rack myself.Some additional points
 If you are considering this rack , you have the same questions I had . How much of a hassle is it to hook up ? Will the bikes ride securely without knocking into each other ? Will the rack wobble/shake ? Can you really load 4 bikes securely ? Can road bikes fit as securely as MTBs ? I 've driven my '08 Yukon over 2,000 miles with the rack on back for the last 10 weeks . I 've had 1,2,3 , & 4 bikes loaded at various times . My simple answer is that it does all of the above well and therefore I highly recommend it.Concerns
 Best rack I have owned due to total versatility . Fits a Toyota Sequoia perfectly and the threaded hitch pin pulls tight to prevent lateral movement . Any style bike will go on this rack because of the unlimited individual adjustibility . The frame work and welding is excellent . When the bikes are unloaded the rack folds up out of the way . Super quick on off loading . Just remember which bike goes in which position ! Cons
 This rack rides excellent on the back of my Avalanche . Hauls 4 bikes with a great deal of ease . There were a couple of small drawbacks . It takes a bit of time to get the bikes aligned decent , so they do not rub together . Once loaded properly though , they do not move . My major complaint however ; is , the rubber covering the clamp that locks the tube into place , rubs off and leaves the tube marred . I have placed some lambs wool onto the clamps to alleviate that problem . Overall , this is a great rack and carries the bikes without any serious issues . Well worth the money , in fact it is by far the best rack going for the price .
 I love this rack . I 've had it for over a year now and it is so easy to load that we take more bike trips . We have an odd assortment of sizes and styles - kids bikes , recumbent , road and they are all easy to fit without adapters or stress . I called for help with assembly and the manufacturer was great over the phone . Now that it is together there are no hassles.The rack is pretty heavy so be prepared . We have a little rust on the metal parts but I live in MN and everything here rusts.If you carry more than two bikes this is a definite yes .
 We have four bikes in our family and needed stronger rack to carry them . This is perfect for four bikes . It takes a little practice to figure out which bike goes on in which order . It is pretty easy to adjust as necessary . It is very heavy and therefore a little difficult to take on and off , but a little assistance is all you need . The locking pin does not `` lock '' in it only screws in , so for security you may need to purchase a locking pin with a key . Do not try to use this without a 2 '' hitch , it is so heavy it wobbles and does not look very secure on the back of the car . The clamps that lock the bike hold them in place and do not allow them to move but they do mark up the bikes . I just use a small washcloth to protect the bike frame . For the price , this is a great rack .
 In a family of five , we have dirtbikes , slick racers and even Mom 's beach machine . No two frames are alike , and our much loved Yakima rack has had to be retired ... only the road bike frames fit on it ! That leaves the kids out - enter the Swagman ! Cool ! We can fit 4 totally different bikes on this ultra user-friendly rack and put the smallest bike in the back of the Xterra . Unbelievable ! Easy to install -LRB- once you figure out that you have to take apart what they 've already put together -RRB- and a cinch to load and unload . It even folds up out of the way , but not too tall to obstruct the rearview . Thanks , Swagman , for thinking of the multifacited biking family ! P.S. Buy a locking pin for the hitch - this one 's a keeper .
 I was looking for a good solid bike rack to support three expensive mountainbikes . one full suspension and two hard tails . for a two thousand mile trip.The rack was very easy to assemble and supported our bikes without leaving amark on anything and I used my Chevrolet Silverado 2500HD to haul them , this truckhas a pretty heavy suspension system . The draw tight hitch bolt works like a champto draw the hitch tight and reduce unwanted movement and everything goes on and off smoothly once set for each bike . Thought I wanted to spend the money for theThule , but I 'm glad a did n't and saved about $ 325.00 . I 'm very happy with mypurchase .
 5 stars becuase this rack will hold any style bike you have and , once the bike weight is on the rack , you are not worried about anything falling out . So quiet we have to look back to see if it there.We have a Ford Explorer , 1 Mens Mongoose , 1 Ladies Schwin -LRB- very odd design -RRB- , 1 Girls Mongoose , and 1 small boys bike . All fit great . Tips is to work with the layout to see where the bikes fit with the others , adjust the wheel positions for the bikes to accomodate each other and to be centered behind the vehicle , and then use that position each time for the quickest result . Another tip
 I found this product to be better than anticipated . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of three things .1 -RRB- The assembly instructions are extremely poor .2 -RRB- Had to undone some of the preassembled parts to connect the upright arms . The instructions had you working in a space that my 2 year old could n't get her fingers into .3 -RRB- Very Heavy . This is both an advantage and a disadvantage.I bought this as I need a way to transport 4 of the eight bikes I will eventually need to transport . I will do a fine job and can be adjusted to fit just about any bike . I also bought another Swagman productUpright Roof Rack . I find it hard to believe that they are made by the same company.Pros :1 . Sturdy2 . Adaptable3 . Since I have a minivan I was afraid that we might have issues with dips , bumps and getting in an out of the driveway . Due to the rise from hitch this is not an issue .4 . Came with a locking pin and 8 ' cable to help deter theft of the bikes . This was a pleasant surprise as I expecting to have to spend more money for something to secure the bikes from theft .5 . Looked around for available parts in case I ever needed to replace the rubber straps or holding bars . I found that replacement parts a available and easy to obtain at etrailer.com.I recommend the purchase of this product if you have more than 2 bikes that you need to transport .
 This is my first platform bike rack but I have been through several other types of bike racks made by Thule and various manufactures . The Swagman platform stands out because the powder coating is thick . It came scratched in a few places but the metal was not exposed . The components themselves are heavy and look like they should take a beating . The assembly was a chore , working by myself it took about 2 hours . They should provide more assembly hints . For example , when assembling the platform , you should line up the larger arm with the perpendicular piece and insert one bolt first before attempting to insert the other platform arm into the perpendicular piece . It is a tight space and difficult to line up the holes for assembling the platform . Half the wheel holders slide smoothly and the other half require gently coaxing with a hammer to get on the platform arms . Having a set of socket wrenches will help with the assembly . With this latest version , the bike rack had a pleasant surprise of including the Swagman anti-rattle locking hitch and cable . As other reviewers mentioned , the rack is heavy . My neighbor warned me that I could over heat the car carrying the rack , 4 bikes , and 4 passengers up to Tahoe if my car engine was small . The rack is also quite wide . I would recommend this only for large size SUVs . Overall a great value .
 The carrier arrived pretty quickly , with only one dent to the box . The assembly instructions , like other reviewers have said , are very poor . By looking at the picture on the box and re-reading the instructions several times I was able to finally assemble . The unit is heavy , but not terribly so compared to other well built racks I have owned over the years . One of the hold down arms on mine was slightly bent , causing it to slide a bit harder . I was able to fit two kids bikes and two adult bikes onto the unit with just a little bit of work . The carrier stays very stable and folds up tight to our truck , which is nice because I can park it in the garage with the carrier still on . I am very pleased with it and would recommend it to anyone that has to transfer kids and women 's , or other odd shaped frames .
 Half the price of competitor racks with all the benefits ! Comes with a cable lock and a locking hitchpin which ensures no one will steal the rack while empty and also takes all the slop out of the hitch !
 First of all , I am fairly savy with assembly . I design hardware , so I know how things go together , but the instructions could be a little more detailed , or the parts could be marked with tics or markers to let you know up from down.That being said . Do not assemble this on the floor . Insert it into your hitch , then start assembly . You can not go wrong with orientation like I did.This thing is solid , it is well designed . We hauled 4 bikes 400 miles on bumpy PA roads , -LRB- one electric bike weighs almost 76 lbs -RRB- . Bike installation was phenomenally easy , Bikes never moved . This thing is heavy , but as I mentioned solid . I rate it 10 out of 10 .
 This is our first Bike Rack . We have a 2010 Toyota RAV4 with the Curt receiver hitch.The good ... Sturdy and solid when connected . Putting it together was fairly easy . Good construction.The Bad ... It is a little work to manage 4 bikes on this rack , but with trial and error it can be accomplished and they will be secure and you will have peace of mind.The ugly ... Not really ugly and not the fault of Swagman in my opinion . They ca n't accommodate everyone . Will not fold up without hitting the spare tire cover on the back . I see no way to modify the Rack to accommodate this , but I believe if I take the receiver off and notch it 1/2 '' so I can pull the receiver forward , this will allow us to fold up the rack so we can leave it on the vehicle when not toting bikes.This works perfect
 Length :
 This was exactly what I was looking for . Needed to be able to transport unusually framed Beach Cruisers and a traditional rack was n't working.Once the rack is mounted on my Sequoia the bikes are very easy to load and are very secure during transportation.As mentioned in other reviews , the rack is very heavy . I am able to mount it on my car by myself but I am a big guy . In most cases it would probably take two people to move and mount on the car . But the reviews warned me of this so I knew what I was getting in this regard .
 We just finished with a trip to visit family and it worked great . Around 500 miles each way.It took about an hour to get it adjusted so I could get all 4 bikes on at once . After that , everything was set and I loaded 4 bikes in 10-15 minutes . I 'm sure I 'll get even better.The only improvement they could make would be to have two posts with more space . The middle 2 bikes fit really tight so you have to put them in just right . It was harder because my son has a BMX style bike and our daughter has a similar bike with 16 '' -LRB- I believe -RRB- wheels . Those fall through the mounts , but it stays in there securely anyway.My arms do n't lock in the down position very easily , but I only use that for storage so I 'm not worried . I 'd probably buy it again , especially for the price .
 We bought this and our maiden voyage was from Calif to Missouri . It did great !! My adult son put it together for us . It took him longer to read the directions and find the correct tool in my husbands garage than to actually put it together . It took him maybe 30 min . My son did not care for the directions I think step 3 or 4 was the problem he strongly objected to the wording . But once he figured what they were talking about , that was it . I went upstairs to get something and when I came back down it was together . It is great ! One improvment that Swagman could make
 I recently installed this swagman XTC-4 platform rack on my 2006 Toyota Sienna -LRB- in a 2 '' Hidden Hitch aftermarket tow hitch -RRB- . As another reviewer noted , it is easy to assemble when installed on the car . It is rock solid . The fit for my kids 24 '' mountain bikes is great . I have yet to fit my Trek DS 8.5 29er , but it looks like it will fit without issue . I could n't be happier with the stability and bike fit.My ONLY complaints : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The rack is HEAVY and takes up quite a bit of room in my garage . -LRB- 2 -RRB- When folded in the UP position , the base of the inner vertical arm rubs against the vans bumper . Granted this may be a result of the fit of the Hidden Hitch to my vehicle combined with the design of the XTC-4 , not a design flaw of the XTC-4 . I may have to purchase a hitch extension to prevent the rubbing . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The Swagman website clearly states that the XTC-4 INCLUDES a locking hitch pin and 7.5 ' security cable -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , neither of which were in the box . And this was one of the reasons I chose this item over a less expensive competitor ! It 's not worth sending such a heavy/bulky item back just for that -LRB- especially since the rack is already installed on the van -RRB- . I just want what the manufacturer said I would get . -LRB- by the way , an email to Swagman about the deficient items yielded the following curt reply
 OK , so my choice of this product was , in large part , due to the reviews that were included on the site . I feel compelled to add my own two cents in hopes that it will help someone else as they weigh their decision.Mine came with a locking hitch pin that also tightens it in the hitch to prevent wobbling . It also included a serious cable for use in securing the rack and bicycles to the car . The slick thing about this is that the cable appears to also utilize the locking hitch pin for securement
 This is my first product review on Amazon , even though I 've been actively buying from the site for more than five years . I have n't even finished fully assembling this rack yet , but I 've been driven to make some comments . On the positive side , it arrived in perfect condition and included the Swagman anti-wobble hitch lock and Avenir heavy-duty bike cable . Neither of these were expected and are a pleasant surprise as they save me a good amount of money . The directions for the assembly appear to be clearly written and straight-forward . I set about the assembly with a HIGH degree of confidence in the product and my ability to put it together . Everything appears to be of high quaility ... however ... Whoever designed the assembly process has a special place in design hell . In the best case , dropping the bolt through the cross bars after tilting the vertical bar out of the way is very tricky and frustrating . Despite that , three of the four bolts were in place within fifteen minutes -LRB- it 's VERY difficult to manuever the bolt into position , particularly with big hands -RRB- . However , even after 50 minutes of mostly patient effort doing everything I can think of , the fourth bolt will not go into place . After finally giving up for the evening and disassembling the incomplete arm , it appears that the holes as manufactured do n't exactly line up . There is a overlap of perhaps an 8th of an inch which makes insertion impossible . I still think the product is going to turn out great , but I want to warn people to check the alignment of the hole BEFORE you try doing the actual assembly . I 'll work something out with the misaligned holes this weekend and then once I 've used the rack a couple of times I 'll add to the review.Okay , I ended up having the holes drilled out at a local body shop for free so that the fourth bolt was able to pass through . Once done , the rack fit together quite well . It seems to hold the bikes quite well and they do n't bounce around at all when on the rack . It is odd that when you tilt the rack upwards , that the corss bolt - which seems like it should pass through and then hold the rack in the upright position - does not . Additionally , the anti-wobble locking bolt has not worked in multiple attempts since I got the rack . The threads , just do n't seem to bite at all . Still , the hitch does n't seems to wobble much at all and the bolt still locks it all in place so I really do n't care . After several months , I 'm still quite happy with the rack , past the initial frustrations with assembly .
 I searched racks , talked to mountain bikers and tried other products . I have a swagman 4 bike carrier . When I purchased a 29 '' full suspension Camber Elite I could easily see it was n't going to work on my rack , or most others . Even taking the front tire off and using a crossbar add-on , it barely fit , with the other tire only inches off the ground . I received this rack within 2 days , assembled with my son in about an hour . Very helpful to have rack off the ground , maybe on a couple strong horses to allow access the nuts underneath . The first trip it took a few minutes to arrange the bikes and sliding arms , but once the bikes were on it could n't have been better . Locking screw pin holds the rack in place . I had 3 bikes on the rack , 2 Camber Elite 29 ` ers and a Trek hardtail . 3 hours later of highway and Adirondack roads and no issues . It is hefty , but I could handle it myself if I had to . Very helpful to put some bike grease on tongue before sliding into hitch . I thought about pounding it in , but wisely put the grease on and slid right in . Decent price , good quality , much cheaper than the $ 500 + I would have had to pay for some other racks with additional bike attachments . This does it all , folds up if needed , locks if needed . Highly recommended .
 Heavy researcher , detail oriented person who evaluates every purchase against all available options , -LRB- engineer , in case it was n't obvious -RRB- . This bike rack came out on top when compared with the Hollywood competitor - sight unseen - based on reading and researching only . Wanted to transport four bikes for my family . Am a heavy RVer - on a 4000 mile trip now . After some consideration , I decided the Swagman had an advantage and pulled the trigger . Amazon delivered it to my campground - nice ! Got the unit , put it together , -LRB- no need to disassemble anything like other reviewers suggest , but I understand why they did - it might help but is not needed if you just jiggle the bolts in place and take your time . -RRB- Well built . Sturdy . Quality parts . Crap instructions , but you will figure it out . Build it `` on your hitch '' and you will be fine . Works well with all bikes except the very small ones with training wheels - and for those you can easily fake it -LRB- modify spacing of wheel racks to make it work just fine . -RRB- Maybe the Hollywood model is as good - it looks like it may be , but it also looks like it has cheap , soft foam rubber padding on the clamp hooks . The Swagman has a thick , and dense rubber coating which holds solidly and works well . If I am critical , it could have a better release mechanisim under heavy -LRB- suspension bike -RRB- clamping loads . Not perfect but works exceptionally well . So what ! FIVE STARS .
 I did alot of research before I made my purchase . For a 4-bike rack , this was the best price and quality . It is a little hard to put together because the instructions are not very detailed at all . Took my husband about 45 minutes to put it together . It is a little heavy but it is extremely sturdy . I wouldnt trust a cheap wobbly rack for my bikes . I read reviews that said it was too complicating so I was nervous when I decided to purchase despite those reviews , but other than the assembly , it is not complicating at all . It fits all types of bikes with no problem . It is perfect and I love it !!
 This is my first hitch mounted bike rack and it was very easy to assemble . I had one issue with interference with my factory mounted trailer plug but this was GMC 's design flaw . The rack is well made , very stable and works well . Bikes load up easily and the rack is flexible enough to take a variety of bike designs and sizes . Bikes remain secure when installed and are a snap to remove with the rack folding up and out of the way when empty . Overall , I would highly recommend this product .
 This is a great value for a 4 place platform rack . A similar offering from Thule or Yakima would cost at least 50 % more and would be only marginally nicer if at all . Easy enough to put together ; figure a 1/2 hour with 2 different wrenches needed - 1 for the receiver bolt and another to put the arms on . Holds the bikes securely and is quick to load and unload .
 I am extremely pleased with this . It is very heavy duty . It can haul bikes of all configurations unlike the one where you put your bike across a bar . You can load or unload 4 bikes in about 2 minutes , very easy with the ratcheting system .
 Bought the Swagman XC-4 Bike Rack in October 2010 . No problem putting it together , directions were clear and all parts were present.Just Finished an 1800 mile 10 day family trip . We had 4 beach crusiers weighing 40 pounds each . The bikes never moved an inch no matter the speed or the size of the pothole , dip , bump we hit . Could n't have asked for a better product ! Highly recommend
 This bike rack is awesome . It 's pretty easy to get your bikes on , does n't shake around , and comes with a locking screw-on pin and a long cable to tie through the bikes for extra security . I ca n't say enough good things . Plus , it was able to fold up and out of the way . Everything I read said it would n't have enough clearance on my minivan -LRB- 2010 chrysler with a 2 &#34; curtis receiver I installed with hubby -RRB- , but I bought it anyway and it does fold up ! Hah ! You do need two people to get it on and off though - it 's heavy . I bought a thule that you hang the bikes on and it was terrible . This rack is great . I fit 4 bikes no problem .
 I chose this for the stability of the weight of the bikes being on the tires instead of the cross bar , also so my mom 's bike would fit without an adapter if she used it . I 've taken it on one trip so far and am very happy with it . It does not move except when my truck does . Very sturdy and folds up when no bikes are on it.The only downside would be if you need to access your back hatch on an SUV , you probably could n't with this on your hitch . Also , it weighs about 60lbs so small people may have trouble handling it , but I see the weight as a plus for sturdiness .
 The Swagman XTC-4 Cross-Country Hitch Mount Rack is lighter than other bike racks and is easy to attach to vehicle . The attachments are easy to move and adjust to each bike that is put on it . Will be enjoying using this product for a long time . Seems to be very durable .
 This is a very sturdy bike rack . It holds all types of bikes in place securely , even those without a cross bar ! It comes with a locking hitch pin so do n't bother getting a lock for the rack . It is a bit difficult to assemble , the directions are lame .
 I bought this rack to put onto my 4Runner . My previous vehicle was a CRV , and I had a cheap 1-1/4 '' bike rack for it . I probably could have just gotten a 1-1/4 '' to 2 '' adapter to save money , but glad that I got this Swagman rack . Yes , it is pretty heavy . But , it is built pretty sturdy . My old bike rack would wobble a lot and I would worry about the bikes possibly loosening off . This Swagman seems to hold the bikes pretty still.Like many , my reason for choosing this platform style rack over the `` arm '' style racks is because of the different frames for bikes . Mine is a heavy duty mountain bike with an odd shaped frame -LRB- the bars are not all circular tubes -RRB- . And , my wife 's bike is a smaller women 's bike . In the future , if I consider getting a speed bike , then this should accommodate it well . Also , as my kids grow older , I can put their bikes on it too.The plus for the rack that I received , is that it came with a locking hitch pin and a pretty long cable that can be used to help secure the bikes from theft . Prior to having received and install the rack , I had ordered a locking hitch pin on Amazon . But , I guess I can return that now .
 Our family goes to the beach each summer and transporting our bikes was getting to be a problem . Different frames made a standard bike carrier almost impossible . My sister recommended the Swagman and when I found the 4 carrier model I was very happy . My son and I were able to put it together in no time . It is a bit heavy and do n't think I could get it mounted on the car alone but with 4 bikers I should always have some helpers around . We are still trying to figure out how best to arrange the bikes we transport and that is the reason I have given it a 4 star rating vs. 5 . I think we will eventually love it . Storing the carrier was easy too once we cleared a place in the garage .
 A little heavy , but a good solid rack . Its great for any size bike or tires ! No problems what so ever ! I 'd recommend it to anyone but the weak !!!
 I just got this and am gearing up for our first trip so I will probably post an update after that , but I thought I would submit a review of my initial impressions and assembly experience.It seems to be well made but powder coating can only do so much so do n't expect it to be completely immume to scratches , etc. . More importantly the rack appears to be well designed and constructed . The instructions are rather poor as noted by other reviewers but anyone with a little wrenching experience can figure it out.I did run into the same issue another reviewer noted which is the holes on the cross bars did not line up which prevented me from being able to drop the bolts in . A couple minutes with a drill fixed that but a little extra quality control would help consumers avoid that hassle . Also , I did not follow another review 's recommendation of assembling it on the hitch but I can see now how that might be helpful -LRB- but not critical by any means -RRB- . I put all four of our bikes on after I put it together and they fit quite well . You do have to take the ratcheting bars off the center posts in order to really get everything in place , but no big deal . My initial impression is this will haul everything fine.Another bonus is it came with a long cable that can be attached to the threaded locking hitch bolt with keys -LRB- also included -RRB- . For the price you 're getting a lot . Even though there are a couple of quirks as I noted , they are pretty minor . This is replacing a 3 bike hanging style rack -LRB- which are no good when you have various top tube styles -RRB- . So far I would have to recommend the Swagman if you are in the market.Trip update : The rack worked great for hauling four bikes securely -LRB- two 26 inch , a 24 inch , and a 20 inch -RRB- for a 500 mile round trip . I think you could probably get just about any combination of bikes on this rack with a little thought and experimentation . If you take your time and figure out how you want your bikes positioned and learn how to put the virtual bars up or down , take the ratcheting brackets on or off , position the bike bars and pedals , etc. it can be done . Once your used to the order of things loading and unloading should be a breeze.One thing that could make it a little easier is to take your seats off . I did not do this but thought about it . As an added bonus by doing that you 're also removing the easiest component for someone to swipe .
 I used to have a suspended 2-bike type of bike rack . However , living in a house full of girls with woman framed bikes and myself having a full suspension bike this just was n't optimal anymore . Enter the Swagman 4 bike platform rack . I can now fit everyone 's bike onto the rack so we can all take one vehicle now and getting the bikes on and off is much easier . So far I love this rack!The good : - It carries four bikes . - Getting the bikes on and off is easier compared to my previous suspension type bike rack . - The bikes seem to travel securely -LRB- the do not wobble on the rack and the rack itself does n't sway . -RRB- - It came with a hitch pin lock to secure the rack to the hitch and it came with a cable that could be used with this hitch pin lock . - The rack itself feels solid . - The rack folds up when not in use.The less than perfect : - That solid feeling comes at a price . The rack is fairly heavy . However , if you 're like me who just leaves it on all the time this does n't matter . - I drive a Jeep that has the rear mounted spare tire . In order to fold it up I had to purchase a hitch extension . -LRB- I bought and would recommend theHeininger 6000 Advantage Adjustable 11-Inch Hitch Extensionalso sold by Amazon . It maintains the stability this rack provides . Other extensions I tried added wobble/sway to the rack . -RRB- - With the extension and when folded down for use the rack sticks out just over four feet from the end of my Jeep.Overall , I would highly recommend this rack . It 's easy to use and can handle my whole tribe 's bikes .
 For roughly half of the cost of a comparable Thule or Yakima , you will get a rugged bike carrier that will hold the bikes securely during transport . I have read reviews that list assembly as confusing , but if you pull all of the pieces out before trying to bolt it together , it will be painfully obvious which part goes where ! I purchased the four bike XC-4 hitch mount model , and I ca n't be more pleased . The rack came with a locking hitch pin to protect against theft from the vehicle , a regular hitch pin that uses a clip as a retainer , and a 7.5 foot security cable that can lock all of the bikes to the rack . If you buy one of the main brands , you will spend even more money because they sell these as accessories . The rack wo n't fold up completely on my Toyota FJ because my spare tire mounts to the back door of the truck , so I 'm getting a 4 '' receiver extension that I 'll put on to extend the rack slightly . I can now spend the other $ 300 that I saved by not buying a Thule or Yakima , and put that towards something else that I `` need '' . I give this rack two thumbs up !!
 This was my first bike rack purchase so I had to do lots of research . I read many comments that mentioned bikes are n't made to hang from the cross bar as they do with the other kind of design ... made sense to me . So I looked into one were it sat on it 's wheels . The bike rack is heavy but I can pick it up by myself . You will have a much easier time carrying it if you step near the middle of it and straddle one side while walking . The bikes are very stable while driving , although they will bounce around if you go over a large enough bump . It will take a little getting use to positioning the bikes at first ... getting the tire supports just right . But after that it 's a matter of putting them in and securing them , just a few minutes . One more tip ... I put a small towel under the top support arm while securing it to the cross arm of the bike . This prevented it from leaving rubber residue on the bike ... no big deal though , just fyi .
 The rack arrived quickly as promised and in good order . Although I had read that it was hard to assemble I thought it went together easily . It is heavy , but that is to be expected . It holds my bike securely and folds up with ease . I have not yet tried it with 4 bikes though and have heard the middle to bikes have clearance issues . If it is a problem I will add an addendum to this post .
 awesome item . I bought this so that my family could take our bikes camping along with our popup camper . I was concerned that the rack might not clear the propane canisters -LRB- we carry two with us -RRB- . Turns out there was nothing to worry about . Swagman obviously took that problem into consideration for their design because the length of the rack along with the small incline it rests on fit perfectly . Of course to make it all work I had to also buy a dual hitch -LRB- Dual 2 '' Hitch Bicycle Receiver Adapter Extender Extension 4000lb -RRB- but now we are ready and going to have some serious fun this year.Update
 Have owned this rack for about a year and use it on the back of my Honda Odyssey . I love the platform loading sytle and the ease of securing the bike to the rack with the ratchet-down arm . Bikes seem very secure and do n't move . However , this is a heavy rack and really protrudes from the back of the vehicle . I have no problem installing or removing the rack from the vehicle myself but keep it stored in the garage for ease of access . It was delivered quickly and , in my opinion , was reasonably priced for what I got .
 Very well made and solid -LRB- heavy -RRB- . Not the sort of rack you would want to pull on and of your vehicle by yourself very often . If you want a rack where you do n't worry about your bikes swinging in the breeze this is it . The rack does fold up so it does n't stick out the back too badly when the bikes are n't on . The receiver pin tightens to take out the slop between the hitch and the rack .
 Excellent rack . I 've been using this rack over a month now , great bike rack . I 've had a couple of other racks , they where cheaply made , made of soft metal . They just did n't last for my mountain biking needs.The Swagman is it ! Very strong , sturdy metal , easy to use , lots of features.I highly recommend this rack to who ever is serious about their bikes .
 Works as advertised . Arrived promptly . Is pretty heavy and more difficult to assemble and install than anticipated , but overall the best product I have seen for mounting 4 bikes with curved top tubes onto the back of a hitch . The manufacturer should increase the spacing between the center 2 bikes . I may have a welder do this modification . Drove 6 hours carrying 2 bikes and they did n't budge and were not scratched up by the travel .
 The rack is easy to install and put together and easy to use . I used a hitch lock to secure the rack to the hitch , and now the only concern is to find a lock to secure the rack itself . -LRB- right now I am using a temporary fixed to this problem , I am using a bike lock -LRB- U-shape -RRB- , cut out the rubber material and use it at the tilt position to lock the rack.Because if you do n't lock it there , it is so easy for someone to steal all your bikes with the rack too . -LSB- ... -RSB- For the rack , it 's hard to beat with the price paid . Checks many other brands and price , also features , this is one of the best for the money .
 I was looking for the most affordable bike rack that would carry kids and women 's bikes . We attached 3 bikes and drove around bumpy mountain roads . It was solid as a rock . I did not do the assembly and initial setup , so I 'm not sure how hard that part was . My daughter and I were able to hook on the rack and take the bikes on and off with no problems .
 An excellent product . Fine workmanship and quality of design . Delivered on time . Recommended .
 We received the Boston Red Sox ball cap in a very timely manner .
 2005 Latest model from Seiko Model SKXA53K2 . Professional diver 's watch stainless steel case with Oyster bracelet from Seiko Japan . A very Good water resistance of up to 200 meters . It also comes with unidirectional rotating bezel . Stainless steel back with wave logo . Very Good value for the money .
 Here are a few observations on one of my favorite watches : - Unlike some Japanese automatics , you ca n't wind the movement using the stem . - The bezel is about 40mm across -LRB- typical diver size -RRB- , though the case is a couple of mm 's wider . - The dial is very easy to read , with superior hour marker and hand lumninosity . - There 's no exhibition case back on this model .
 I love this watch and get compliments on it all the time . I am an RN and have looked for years for a watch that performs all that this one does . Analog face , digital 24 hr clock , and many other features that I will never use . The best feature for me is the count down timer . I knocked off points because 1 . there is n't a second hand , the seconds are digital display . 2 . I 'm concerned about the band because it is getting dirty and reg . soap does n't clean it . The silver ring around the face really shows it off . Sits high and is a serious sports watch but I 'm wearing it at the hospital .
 First off let me say that the band is n't as dark in real life as it is in the picture that I saw on Amazon . It 's like a cotton candy pink . And yes , it stands a little tall on your wrist and can seem a little bulky if you 're not used to a sports watch . But it looks so cute ! It 's a perfect hybrid of sport utility and pretty/girly . This is my second G shock and my first one is still going , after 20 years , so I know these watches last for a long time . My husband is jealous at how good this watch looks and wants a masculine one for himself . Highly recommend this watch for looks and durability.I like everything about this watch !
 I bought this watch for my wife and she loves it . I am very pleased with this purchase . The watch looks bulky but cute , it definitely looks better on the wrist that in the photo.I highly recommend it .
 Before I go on , I must explain the 4-star rating , instead of a 5-star rating . I have a small wrist , and this is indeed a tall , wide watch . I am aware of it when I 'm wearing a coat/jacket , and it does occasionally literally rub me the wrong way . -LRB- OK , one other thing is that while it does indeed tell you what time it is in a zillion other time zones , one does have to know some pretty obscure city codes for some pretty un-obscure places . -RRB- Having said that , I really like all its other features . I 've had a few multi-function digital watches , and this is by far the most logical and easy to use . It has a logic that I quickly remembered , and I have n't had to refer back to the owner 's manual for a refresher , and I use most of the features regularly . -LRB- A contrast would be that with other similar watches I 'll make an effort to figure out which combination of buttons to push for how long to achieve a certain result , and it never sticks and I eventually lose the manual , and end up using the watch for the time function alone ... -RRB- I confess that I thought the analog-digital combination was more of a novelty/looks thing - which did appeal to me - but it has its usefulness as well ; one can be timing something , for example , and still easily see both the chronological time and the elapsed time .
 I bought this for my daughter and she is really happy . Actually my wife is a little jealous , she wants one too.The watch is nice and looks great and like all the G-Shocks it 's very dependable.I strongly recommend this one . You ca n't beat this watch for that price .
 Could n't be better . The product was easy to install , has worked flawlessly so far.I was also impressed that Amazon had it when most suppliers were `` temporarily out of stock '' , and Amazon delivered within a couple of days .
 It works as advertised . I do wonder about the need to adjust it for elevation or wind as this is to be fitted on a pistol not a hunting rifle . I my situation I purchased it for use on a gun for home defense . The ability to simply grab a gun and not aim when you half asleep , only pointing a dot has some advantages . I have had it on my gun and fired thousands of rounds and it still works , so it is durable under use.The only con I can think of is that it is n't bright enough to be seen easily outside in the daylight ... but that is to be expected as there is a limit on how powerful a laser is allowed to be on a gun.Only other criticism is that it is a bit pricey ... If I had a newer Beretta with a rail I could have gotten cheaper setups that would have done the same job ... Of course that would have added something else to hang on the gun and that is really the beauty of the crimson trace , it does n't add anything substantial to the gun . If someone does n't know it is on it they will likely not even notice it .
 I find this item to be more than expectedand I think everyone should consider buying oneI will tell everyone about it
 This bag was a nice find after checking what the local sports stores had . I wanted something that was n't too large to fit in a locker at the gym . It is sturdy and durable . A great value for the money !
 I had to sleep on this on various trips , etc. , and it is a great bed!I am 6 ' 4 &#34; and weight ~ 245lbs . This had adequate room for the length of my body and gave me great support.Unlike other airbeds I 've used in the past , this one holds air really well . As in , I 've been testing this out for a month and have n't had to top-off the air yet.Tip
 The bed is fairly comfortable and very convenient with the air pump already build in . After some time , it does lose air , but overall it is a good bed for the price .
 This item is great . It works as it should and is very comfortable . I saved hundreds on buying this bed as well . THANK YOU SO MUCH Amazon ...
 My kids have overnight guests pretty frequently and this thing is sooooo easy ! Also nice for movie nights when the kids want to lay in front of the TV to watch . It 's as tall as the seat of the couch so those who are n't laying on it can use it for a foot prop in front of the couch . There 's plenty of room so it 's easy to share a little foot room with the one reclining on it . Pumps up fast and easy . Harder to get all the air out of it to store but so worth the money we paid on sale !
 I love how high it gets - I have bad knees and have trouble getting up from a position where my knees are bent more than 90 degrees - and it is so easy to set up
 I bought two of these airbeds for house guest and they love them !!! Real comfortable and they stay fully inflated 3-4 days before you have to add air .
 I bought this bed for use on an outdoor trip , and it was much more than I hoped for . It is about two feet high , and it fits a twin sheet well . I was a little worried about the `` pillow '' feature because I like my own pillow , but it really was n't as high as the picture shows , and did not disturb me in the slightest . I had it blown up continuously for three days , and it never leaked . Also , it was extremely comfortable , and I am picky about where I sleep . I slept better on this than I have on many hotel beds . I definitely recommend it .
 Best airbed I ever slept on . Slept on it for 3 weeks and had absolutely no back problems . And I do have back problems . I would recommend it to anyone . In fact this is the second one . Took one to Paris when we visited our daughter . Left it so she could take it to Milan when visiting a friend and her parents .
 Speedy shipment ! Air mattress works great and is more comfortable than previous air mattresses I 've owned .
 Although not purchased to be used often , I needed an airbed for three nights . This one fit the bill . Not only economical , but the built-in pump made it easier to pack and carry with us . We actually fought over who slept on it ... very comfortable . It inflated/deflated very quickly and only needed a little more air pumped in it one time . It was a good investment .
 I highly recommend the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump . It is impossible to over-praise this product . It is very comfortable and easy to inflate . The built-in pillow feature is a fantastic innovation . You can expect an excellent nap or night 's sleep using this airbed , which is also very sturdy and well-constructed . A great airbed at a great price !!
 I have had it for 4 months and it has held up well . Very firm and supportive and so simple to inflate . The extra height makes it easy to get into and out of bed . Will likely buy another for backup .
 I am on my 5th airbed in 4 months ... -LRB- my puppy was tearing them up -RRB- this one is the best one by far . It feels like a real bed and it holds the air . I am always in the bed and it is super comfortable and I love it . The only issue I had was it took a long time to ship it other then that I had no issues . .
 I had been sleeping on a couch for two months since I moved into an apartment . I do n't drive myself , and I do n't want to bother my friends for a ride to the store to get a mattress , I decided to get an airbed/air mattress . I work over 50 hours every week at a busy fast food restaurant and I was in need of something comfortable to sleep on.This airbed has been helping me sleep better . I do n't feel tired in the morning . It does n't deflate although as the product description suggests it seems to need to be re-inflated on occasion -LRB- the vinyl relaxes over time -RRB- . When one of my friends let me borrow her air mattress , it deflated every night and I got sick of re-inflating it after a long day at work , or before one . So , I 'm very , very satisfied with the quality -LRB- and value -RRB- of this airbed.I had thought of buying a mattress eventually while I was waiting for this product to arrive , but I might as well keep using this because it is so durable .
 The mattress appears to be durable with good build quality . The air pump inflates it quickly and effortlessly . It is moderately comfortable to sleep on . Obviously , you do not expect an air mattress to compare to a real mattress . I have now used it a couple weeks in a row , and it seems to remain inflated at a consistent level . It is very convenient to have the air pump built in , and it does not impact comfort at all . Also , it has a compartment next to the pump to store the power cord . It 's totally self-contained , which I appreciate . The price was lower than most others I compared . I think it 's a great value .
 I love this air mattress ! Very easy to set up and put away and very comfy to sleep on . I have slept on other air mattresses before and this is by far the best one I have ever slept on . The soft top makes it so you do n't feel like you 're sticking to it , but I put a blanket over it anyway for extra comfort . I have been recommending this one to all of my friends , I 'm very happy with it !
 Bought two of these with fingers crossed they would work together as a King . The airbeds are actually King length , though slightly wider together . Bought a mattress pad to make them really comfortable . They 're easy to set up AND to take down . Turn large knob to the Right , turn on the pump , and inflate to desired firmness . To take down , turn knob to the Left , turn on the pump , and it deflates automatically and fully . Fold , place into included bag , and put away until next time . My daughter and son-in-law slept on these and were really comfortable , especially since they could adjust each mattress to the firmness they like best .
 AFTER OWNING AND USEING FOR SEVERAL MONTHS , I CAN ONLY EXPRESS EXTREME PLEASURE WITH THE MATTRESS . VERY EASY TO INFLATE . VERY EASY TO REPACK . VERY COMFORTABLE TO SLEEP ON . I HAVE THREE OF THESE BEDS AND HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS AT ALL . VERY WELL MADE PRODUCT . THANK YOU !!
 My son has been sleeping on this bed every night for over 6 months . I have marvelled at not only the comfort but the durability of the bed . It rarely needs air , and we have not experienced the same leak issues as the previous reviewer . I do n't know if we just got lucky , but we 've been very happy with the bed .
 I love this air mattress . It inflates quickly and is super comfortable . I just wish I had NOT bought the raised one . If you move around too much or get too close to the edge , you feel like you 're going to roll right off of it . I think it 's because of the high center of gravity or something . But , overall , highly recommended ! BONUS - Unlike most things , you CAN actually fit this back into the bag once you 're done with it !
 We bought this to have around when we have more guests than extra beds and also for one of the kids when we travel . This is much more comfortable than a fold-out couch or a sleeping bag on the floor . The built-in 120 volt inflation pump w / stowable cord is great . The instructions state inflates in about 2 minutes . We timed it , it does it in less . A cinch to use . Just plug it in , turn the dial to close the air valve and turn the switch on . Turn it off when it is at the desired firmness , unplug and stow the cord in the built in compartment . Goodnight!The top has a flocking material on it . Twin sheets will fit no problem . Fairly heavy duty vinyl . Should last a long time with care . The only negative I see is that the carry/storage sack -LRB- included -RRB- is a little bit too small if you fold the mattress the way the manufacturer recommends for storage.I also recommend the seller . Item was listed as `` like new '' and it was . Shipping was fast and reasonable , also .
 We ordered an Intex raised twin size airbed on June 20th , arrived on June 22nd and company started sleeping on it that night ! Perfect transaction ! Company slept on the bed 3 nights , after the second night he asked about buying one . He has lots of trouble sleeping at home but had managed to sleep through the night on the Intex Airbed that night.I do have some suggestions for preparing an airbed for company . My husband and I have slept on airbeds on numerous occasions and have learned several things that make them much more comfortable.Blow the bed up firm but not too full . Unless you have major back problems , the bed is much more comfortable with just a little less air.Top airbed with a foam pad , does n't need to be memory foam just a cheap pad , and then cover with a quilted mattress pad and fitted sheet . The extra padding makes the airbed very comfortable , similar to a regular mattress.If the bed is going to be placed on tile or linoleum flooring put something under it , an old sheet , tarp , whatever , just something to keep the plastic from squeaking when the person rolls over . Especially important if there are other people sleeping in the same room.We are very pleased with the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in-Electric Pump which we purchased from Amazon . Good value , great product and a nice replacement for our old non-raised airbeds .
 I got lucky with the 2 twin pillow rest raised airbeds . They came without any defective . I ordered around Christmas since my 2 little nieces came and spent a week with me after Christmas . They used to share the full size fulton . In order for more open space for them to play , I have reorganized our spared bedroom and I need 2 twin beds . My nieces really enjoyed their own beds and so my 2 dogs , the 2 dogs weighed about 70 lbs each . The girls love the 2 mutts and the 2 mutts adore the 2 girls . They are the best budies . Each girl shared the airbed with a dog and switching between the 2 mutts . The airbeds seem hold them well . No leaking so far . I love the quick and convenience serving purposes of the airbed . And the price for the quality is very nice as well . I especially love the built-in-pump of the Intex raised-airbed . It 's well designed so it 's not bulky and it 's right there so you do n't have to look for it when you need it . I 've own 1 of the queen size Swiss airbed . It have a slow leek and the seperated-included-pump is ok but not ideal as the built-in-pump . I ordered an Areo -LRB- ? -RRB- airbed once , the built-in pump so bulky to have the fitted sheet over , and the 1 I got had a very bad leek so I had to return it . Well , overall , I found the design and quality for these Intex raised-airbed are excellent . I wish they have the built-in-pump for the not raised-airbed . I 'm looking to replace my Swiss-Queen airbed . One suggestion though , these airbeds -LRB- in general -RRB- need some built-in handles for easy hanlding -LRB- as what all mattreses have . -RRB-
 This very easy to set up air bed provided me with 10 days of excellent sleep . Left it behind at the Manhattan apartment until the next time . I would buy it again . It even survived some jumping by 5 & 7 year olds .
 Love the built in air-pump . Airs up quickly and easily . Seems a little narrower than a twin mattress , but very comfortable .
 The air bed was absolutely easy to use and inflated in less than a minute . I use it as a temp bed and only had add air maybe once a week , if that . COMFORTABLE !! It has a tight seal , strong bonded seems , and does well with fitted sheets . I recommend a foam pad for extra added comfort . Definitely worth every dollar !!!
 We had nine family members staying with us over the Labor Day holidays , and needed additional beds that did n't take up a whole room . These `` beds in a bag ' were perfect and the kids -LRB- older ones -RRB- slept comfortably on them . Easy to inflate and deflate when done to get out of the way each day to use the room they were in . Wonderful and economical for unexpected overnight guests . Worked pretty well with single or twin bed sheets .
 Great product . As advertised . I sleep so much better now . It has a Hilton built in pump . Scoop nice and easy to fill and empty . My predictive text is messing up . But you can see I am happy with the purchase .
 I found the bed to be exactly as advertised . It is quite comfortable , easy to set up and take down . I feel it is a real bargain for the money . Easy to store , too .
 My children and I always have a use for an extra bed . This bed is durable and makes it fast and easy to set up
 I was impressed with my Intelbed . It was very comfy , and was a snap to blow up , and to deflate . I would reccomend this product . I always have fine service from Amazon , with very speedy delivery .
 bought this for when i stay over friends or families houses . really comfortable bed has yet to deflate on me no punctures yet even though i lightly abuse it . only problem is the electric pump when turned on sometimes make a really horrible sound like there is something obstructing the airway and have to turn it off and kind off stretch and pull the plastic away from the side that 's inside the air pump
 Easy setup and it holds air reliably . I 've been sleeping on it for almost 3 months and have no complaints . I like the extra height and the internal AC cord beats a battery operated airbed hands down , unless you 're camping obviously . It will release some air though I 'd say that 's normal as opposed to something that just does n't hold air and goes flat ; so once in a while I add some air to keep it firm . I bought a similar bed at a retailer -LRB- out of immediate need -RRB- and the price was more than twice this one , for no discernable difference in quality if there 's any difference at all . This has earned my recommendation and I would buy here if I had to do it again .
 The bed blew up really quick and no one complained about sleeping on it . It was on saleand I think this was the best value for my money . The bed easy to take down and store . . I hope it last a few more times ...
 I was going to be having guests in the Spring and Summer - just a few . So I had an extra room , my office , but it is kind of small , so I went looking for a twin air bed that would fit my budget and sleep them as comfortably as an air mattress could . I got the right mix in this Intex airbed.I was kinda nervous when my first guest arrived , I watched as he set it up and it inflated very quickly . He took a seat on it and said he thought it would be OK . I took the plunge and laid down on the mattress - it did feel kinda like a water bed -LRB- without the squishy water noise -RRB- . After his first night , he said he slept comfortable and all through the night . I thought that was a good sign , of course , I could n't tell if he was just being polite . He continued to report that he slept well on this air mattress , so as he was preparing to leave , I asked him to leave the air mattress inflated , that I would take care of it after he left . Well , I really wanted to sleep on it after he had left . So after washing the sheets , I laid down that night for a test drive of this mattress . I was surprised how well I did sleep - I did have some sleep disturbances , but nothing that I did n't fall right back asleep from . It certainly is n't my regular mattress , but it is definitely something that will work for the short term.I 've had several house guests since the first to sleep on this Intex air mattress , and each has reported that they have gotten good rest on this mattress . That is exactly what I was hoping for in this price range air mattress - it keeps my guests relatively comfortable and did n't break the bank .
 I 've used this mattress three times in the last week , since I 've moved out of state and had to sleep in a house with no furniture . Except for losing a small amount of air overnight , I was very pleased . It was very comfortable to sleep on and inflated and deflated seemlessly . And , with a little effort , I actually got it back in the bag it came in ! I would definitely recommend this product .
 Ordered with amazon lightning deal so happy with price . Smells strongly of plastic but hopefully that 'll fade with time . Most disappointing was the deflate function -- the air intake on the pump gets covered by the vinyl of the mattress which makes it next to impossible to deflate completely . Otherwise I 'm very satisfied with the purchase . Shipping came thru FedEx which was annoying since they would n't leave the package without me home as opposed to the usual shipping I get thru UPS who does n't create as many problems for me .
 I recently purchased an Intex air bed , since I already had owned one previously so I knew what i was buying.it has been nearly a month since the purchase , and I am very happy with it . It is very comfortable , and easy to move around the room . I use it as my bed because it is better than a regular mattress . It was also at an affordable price .
 This is a great airbed . The pump fills the airbed in under 2 minutes and deflates the airbed in the same amount of time . The deflated airbed easily fits into the storage sack and once packed away , the size equals less than the size of a rolled normal sized sleeping bag . Twin sheets fit well and my wife and I have both slept on it now , and it is comfortable for a temporary solution . We have family coming to stay with us for a few weeks and this will help accommodate our guests . If you are skeptical like I was when purchasing this item , do n't be .
 Only two nights of use , but keeping its air after a week of being inflated . A fitted sheet , twin size , with deep sides , fit well . I suspect if I were going to use this for a while I 'd add a mattress pad , just to provide a little more air circulation between the air mattress and the sleeping person , but other than that , I have no quibbles .
 First airbed I received had a leak , sent it back and got the next one within 4 days . Super convenient to have the built in electric pump and super fast to inflate . Takes a bit of an effort to deflate , but that is expected for pretty much any airbed .
 A very nice twin bed to have around for ONE visitor . It is narrow , but that makes it convenient if your guest bedroom is small . It is a very comfortable temporary accomodation . Good price makes it even more convenient .
 This was a quality product ! I 've used it on a several occasions and it inflates quickly and is comfortable ! I bought two .
 The set up was easy . However , the bed lost some air during the night . Not sure if it was because the weather was cold .
 I needed additional sleeping space during a recent visit from a friend . I chose to sleep on the airbed myself and found it to be very comfortable . I had four good nights of sleep on this product . It inflates in minutes and is easy to pack away . It did have to have a little additional air at the beginning of each night but that was minor . I would reccomend this product to anyone needing comfort on a sleepover , camping trip , or just for an extra bed when company comes .
 I read some reviews about this bed that were n't to favorable , but I bought it anyway.I am glad I did this thing is great ! We pumped it up a month ago and it is still inflated , and my son who is 23 sleeps on it every night . It has taken the rush out of getting a new bed for him . very happy with this purchase ...
 I needed this for visitors and it has worked out very well - very comfortable and easy to put up - the reviews that i read before i purchased were right on target
 I love this bed . It stays firm and it is easy to pull into the livingroom to watch my big tv.It does n't go flat like the other 2 I purchased at a Department store for $ 21.00 . and booth of them have leaks in only 2 months . Ive had this bed -LRB- Intex -RRB- for 6 mo. now . I would advice everyone to get one
 Bought this for my summer cottage for extra guests . Very comfortable . Great size and built in Air Pump made it a breeze to inflate . The Velour top was also a great plus . Would reccommend highly .
 We had guests that used it last weekend . They said it felt like a real bed . I was so suprised on how quickly it inflated and deflated . The cord hides away in a handy compartment . It keeps its air pressure . No need to carry around a separate pump . Our dog wanted to adopt it as her own bed . The dog jumped on it and tested it toughness . It passed with flying colors .
 Without a doubt , this is the best airbed I 've ever purchased . An entire month of being heavily used and it is still serving its purpose and full of air . Not very typical when it comes to airbeds.I recommend this airbed to any individual/family looking to make a great investment .
 I got this for my brother 's visit since I needed a extra bed cheap . He said it was fine to sleep in once he set the pressure to his liking . A good value for a spare bed .
 I am very happy and pleased with this product . It is a very sturdy air mattress and was received quickly . It is easy to use !
 I ordered two of these for guests -LRB- children -RRB- . I was fully expecting them to be a one use deal but they are still going strong ! I am very pleased with them and would recommend them to anyone . For the price , you generally do n't get the automatic pump . Love them - with free shipping , it was n't even worth driving down the road to Walmart !
 I bought this bed , for my niece who was visiting . The bed was so simple to put air in it , took about 3 minutes or less and very comfortable , did not have to put more air in it the whole weekend . It was much better than the Aerobed , and cost less . I have been through three of them , which didnt last past two years . It was well worth the purchase , will buy another one . Fast shipping too .
 I purchased a twin size Intex pillow airbed and was so impressed with the quality that I ordered a second . It was easy to inflate , held it 's firmness , was VERY easy to take down and easily stored . Now when my granddaughters come to visit , they have their own bed and great pajama parties .
 Inflation & exflation are automatic -LRB- need the AC outlet -RRB- and pretty comfortable for an extra bed . You can adjust its firmness by putting more/less air . My sister was using it while her week-long stay , she said it was very comfortable . My husband is also very happy about the purchase , now we do n't have to worry to have extra guest . Highly recommended !
 I bought this air mattress because I was going to be having several different visitors in the next couple months . I 've asked every person who has stayed with me if the mattress was comfortable and they all said that they got good night sleeps . It is also so quick and easy to inflate and deflate . The only question is trying to get the mattress back in the bag for storage . All in all for the money it was def . worth it and I 'm glad I purchased them .
 I 've owned 2 beds for over 2 years now and both beds have held up extremely well considering the amount of constant use they 've had . One of beds I actually sleep on daily -LRB- more comfortable than my regular bed -RRB- . I had it over 2 years before one of the inner baffels gave way a few weeks ago . I immediatly ordered another bed without hesitation . Very comfortable and super easy to use , with the built in pump , it 's a snap to set up and deflate . Love this bed !!
 I highly recommend this item , and it 's a great price with Amazon Prime.My son uses this whenever he sleeps over . He loves it , says that it 's like sleeping on a cloud . With the electric pump , which is attached , it inflates and deflates super fast . It also folds up into a rather small rectangle , and it comes with a canvas bag for store .
 We bought three of these airbeds . They 're comfortable and very easy to put up and take down . The built-in electric pump makes them very convenient .
 I found this air bed to be perfect for 1 person . The ease in filling , the height , all exceptional!I would reccomend this bed to anyone .
 Great self inflating bed . Very comfy too . Inflates and deflates fast as well.Easy to set up . My 8 yr old did it in a couple of minutes . Def recommend this item !!!
 I have bought 3 air beds over the years . The firt two developed leaks in a short time . I was always patching them . This is a good one . It leaks down a little over a few days but I weigh 260 pounds . It has an inflator so it take a few seconds to firm it up . I also like its height . It is much easier to lay down on than the 6 inch high verions . So far I 'm sold on it and would buy another if I needed a second .
 very happy with this electric pump inflatable airbed - understandable directions - very easy to inflate with electric pump - confortable to lie on especially withheadrest - easy to store with its own bag - I 'm entirely satisfied with thisproduct from Amazon
 Purchased this bed for the Hershey car show to have a comfortable extra bed in the hotel room and this product did not disappoint . Quality product - easy to inflate and deflate and worth every cent I paid for it !!!!!
 I researched blow up beds for days before purchasing . I wanted something to fit in a smaller room , so I chose the twin size . I wanted a bed that had electric built in pump and a bed that was higher off the ground . I accomplished these three goals . It was so easy to inflate and only took a couple of minutes . The noise is the same as any other blow up bed . My boyfriend slept on it and he 's 5 foot and 5 inches and 220lbs . Length wise it was good , if he was a few inches taller he would not have fit . The bed did loose some air the first night , not enough that he was on the floor , but enough that he could tell . In the morning he just flipped the switch and inflated more air . The second night he did seem to hold air better . All in all it is a good bed for the price . I am happy with the purchase .
 It fills up really fast and is a sweet bed . Best Airbed ever !!!! A must buy item ... . Fast shipping as well = -RRB-
 I am very satisfied with my purchase . I received at my door within the promissed time frame . I reccommend this pruduct to anyone traveling or who has limited storage space . The built in pump is very helpful .
 I bought this for an overnighter at a rustic cabin . . it inflated easily and slept comfortably . . it was a cold night and due to the change in temperature the airbed did lose a little of the stability but not enough for it to recieve anything but a 5 star rating . I plan on using it for an extra bed when my granson visits , I really think he will love it . . Deflation was easy I just could n't get it as tightly folded as the factory but it did fit in the carry bag that came with it and stores easily .
 I have slept on this mattress for 6 nights while visiting a friend with a one bedroom apartment . I am 6 ' 1 '' and 220 lbs . the mattress inflated quickly and gave me a good nights sleep .
 This is my 4th one ! I purchased 2 for grandma 's house and one for sleepovers at ours . I like the fact that it is double height and has a built in pump . It makes it so easy to inflate and deflate at the turn of a knob . It is pretty durable as it was purchased for my 9 year old and his sleep over buddies . The downside was that one of the beds got a hole in it from rough housing and I could not locate where it was leaking in order to patch it . Hence , the need to purchase bed number four . Inflates and deflates quickly and is surprisingly comfortable . The price was great particularly as shipping was free . One of the better ones out there . I definitely think there is a market for custom air mattress bedding that is fitted so that the covers do not ride up or slide off . . hmmmm .
 I got this for guests to use in our small spare room . Inflating it was quick and easy since it has a built-in pump
 I was little apprehensive before buying an airbed thinking how it would be . But this turned out real nice one . It does n't need you to call U-haul when you move out . It does n't require much space to carry it with you anywhere you go . Its also really easy to inflate with the electronic pump and even easier to deflate naturally . After you get used to the `` airbed '' , it feels like a normal bed . It offers a great option for people who do n't want a hassle of carrying mattress and other accessories along with the trouble of carrying them.It also does n't require you to carry your pillow . The top surface is velvet like thing that is so soft , you could do w/o a bed sheet also.go for it , if you need one .
 Ordered 2 for a vacation trip for the kids . They worked great . Easy set up and break down . Kids loved the bed and say it 's comfortable . Price is very reasonable compared to other air beds that do n't last and it 's nice to be up higher off the ground .
 I have not completely set this item up yet , but thus far looks like a great mattress for extra sleeping accommodations . Is for my college-age son via family visits ...
 We were notified quite late in the week that we would be having some unexpected visitors for the week-end . I went online and ordered this mattress . I received it very quickly -LRB- in time for our visitors -RRB- and the person who slept on it loved it ! In fact , she is going to order one for herself .
 Have needed an extra bed for ex wife who visits 3 times a month and snores like a moose . This item is the perfect solution as it allows me to put her in front of the t v , close my bedroom door and go to sleep . While I sleep she normally raids the ice box , devours the ice cream , and enjoys an occasional half box of cookies . What do I care ? She is still the best house cleaner / cook , and all around fun person to have around . Thanks for reading.Just kidding . It 's for my personal comfort when I go fishing and use my pick up bed as a bed .
 This is a very good air mattress . I like the fact that it is up off of the ground like a mattress and box springs . I also like the bag that came with it to keep it in when not in use .
 I ordered this air mattress because I have a bad back and was getting another procedure done and needed a place to recover . We already have a Queen-size air mattress but have space limitations so this was a perfect fit in more ways than one . As always , the customer service with Amazon was wonderful and they got it to me in time , and now I sleep on this air mattress more than my real bed ! It is comfortable and actually helps when my back is acting up and it is the only place that I am able to find relief . So thank you for a great product , and I highly recommend it to anyone . The air stays in and it is easy to inflate and deflate . The price is also great as well . I can think of many reasons why this would be a purchase that is more than worth it for people of all ages -LRB- I am in my forties -RRB- .
 This is well worth the price . I 've used it for about a month , and have not had any problems with it .
 I purchased these as extra beds in my parents Rental . They look great and are not too big for storing . Very nice that they are off the ground , easy to get off and on to . Blow up is simple , quick and quiet . I have n't slept on one yet but have high hopes .
 A GREAT Purchase ! Worked well to have my daughter move into an apartment in DC and be able to sleep for the first few weeks ! Great to have friends visit too !
 This bed worked great for when I had company over . I needed something that was easy and compact so I can store it when it 's not needed . I like having the pump built in because there 's no chasing the thing around when you need to use the bed again .
 I bought this air bed for a temporary bed . It inflates very quickly , has firmness control and is very comfortable . I was pleased with the fast shipping and am very happy with the purchase .
 Best buy for the money that I found . Have n't used yet but have inflated & no apparent leaks . Believe it will be fine for the occassional guest . Have a queen Aero Bed and if we were expecting to use the single bed frequently I would have bought a twin size Aero Bed . We both sleep on Select Comfort air beds so we like air beds .
 My Husband loves the air mattress very sturdy for a man of his size . Good price .
 Bought this for my Grandson to sleep on when the family came to visit over Christmas . It is wonderful ... super easy to inflate -LRB- and deflate -RRB- nicely raised off the floor and he said it was very comfortable . Grandma scored a home run on this one !
 I sleep on this until I got a real mattress . Great for allergies . Will keep it in the car in case I spend the night at the kids house .
 My daughter loved sleeping on this blow up bed . It 's a great idea if you need xtra guest beds , It only takes minutes to inflate and deflate . . the built-in pump works great . I was so happy that it did n't lose air after two weeks of use . i just hope it wo n't deflate easily just like the other airbed we have .
 I ordered 2 of these for our Christmas guests . We have been using them for the past 5 nights . So far , so good . The beds go up and down quickly , Their height is higher than &#34; other &#34; brand air beds on the market . The price is much better . And , the beds are perfectly comfortable .
 It is very comfortable and easy to use . The only thing they could improve on is the storage bag . It should be larger . It is difficult to put is back in the bag .
 We always have lots of grandchildren around and they are getting older so this bed comes in handy . Because it is raised up it is easier for me to put sheets on . So glad I tried it .
 Inflates fast . Nice shape when inflated stores well . Guest are getting a good nights rest . Would reorder if we need more .
 This airbed is well worth the price - the twin size makes it easy to travel with when you are just looking for one extra bed but it 's plenty big enough to sleep comfortably -LRB- and indeed it is comfortable to sleep on -RRB- . The material is not too noisy if you toss and turn at night . It inflates and deflates quickly and quietly and the built-in pump is so convenient . I 'm completely satisfied with this product .
 Great for a travel bed , My grandson loves it . He stated very comfortable and warm . He also stated he loved the built - in pillow .
 Is comfortable to sleep on , it fills up fast and easy . Only thing really do n't like is the rubber smell it has when u first open it but little by little it goes away . I recommend it 100 % .
 I liked this , my guests said it was comfortable . It stayed inflated for the 7 days of guests and no one complained about it .
 Great item except it does n't come with a cordless system . but like that the air pump is built in the matress .
 THis prodcut worked as described . I bought it so that three people did not have to share a bed in a hotel . I had no issues sleeping on it and thought it was a great solution to the problem .
 I 've had this for 3 months now and it gets used about once a week and so far has held up well . So easy to use and takes no time at all . I would recommend this product .
 For the price you 've got a fast self inflating bed that is very comfortable and portable . The integrated air pump makes it a bit bigger once folded but then again , it 's smaller than having a mandatory separate pump . Only real complain would be that can be colder than a normal bed , but with enough covering you wo n't even notice .
 This is a second identical mattress that I bought in a couple of years . I used the first mattress for several weeks in a row twice in the past . I left it at a diferent place and decided to get another one for myself , and now bought another one as a temporary solution . So much for the temporary solution that I have found that I sleep on it better than on a $ 2K Stearns and Foster ! Well , this is the second months that I sleep on it and I am not thinking of moving back to a large mattress ...
 This was so simple to use , both inflating and deflating . It is also quick to use , no waiting . It stores easily in it 's bag .
 I gave this to a friend who visits his mother and large family every few weeks , but has to sleep on a couch near the front door , so there 's lots of noise and it 's uncomfortable . It 's very hard to get sustained sleep there , and he has health issues , so this is a big problem . This air mattress solved the problem wonderfully . He says it 's so comfortable , and easy to inflate and deflate . I am going to buy the queen size for my apartment for when company comes . Anyone who lives in NYC knows that you get tons of company , who see your apartment as a great solution to visiting NYC without having to pay the crazy expensive hotel rates here . Great product , great price .
 This bed was bought after realizing that the Queen size air mattress I bought from the same company was a pile of crap . This mattress was only intended to be temporary , but it survived for probably a good six months with only a small leak being sprung toward the end of the six months . For four out of those six months , it was shared with my girlfriend because we could n't afford anything else . Yeah , it was awkward , but the little thing held up . The only reason I stopped using it was because I finally got the money to afford a real mattress , so we 've moved on . But this mattress will forever be used as a spare guest bed ... perfect height , only a very minor leak , and once you get used to it ... very comfortable .
 This mattress was perfect for my guest who stayed with me for a short period of time . VERY convenient to use , automatically inflates & deflates . LOVE IT !
 This airbed is exactly what I 've been longing for . It has a built in motor and is twice the height of the first two airbeds that I had . To me , it 's also worth the price . It 's also very firm and comfortable !
 Item received in excellent condition.Airbed was very simple to inflate , and was very comfortable.This bed was very convenient , in that it is being used in a one room boarding house .
 Always having guests over at our house and always need an extra bed . This bed is amazing . It is extremely comfortable and does not have that air mattress feel that make you wake up sea sick . My favorite feature on this mattress is the built in air pump . You plug the mattress into the wall and in 2 minutes you have a fully blown up air mattress ready to go . No more fiddling around with those pumps that you need 3 hands to operate . The built in pillow is also very comfortable . The one thing that isnt that great but still doable is the folding up process .
 excellent product . Just what we needed for our visiting grandkids . Very easy to inflate and deflate . the only problem we encountered was after we deflated the beds , we had some difficulty in managing to get it compact enough to fit inside the accompanying storage bag . Ian N
 Well so far we are satisfied . It is easy to inflate with a very convenient built in pump , which so far actually works . My daughter says it is very comfortable , and , so far , it surprisingly is n't losing air . Some do and require frequent inflations.I would highly recommend it , and for the price , it is a very good purchase.As they suggested , it is n't meant to be inflated and deflated constantly , so we try to keep it inflated , cause my daughters use it for sleepovers , and their friends love it .
 This airbed inflates easily and is a very firm airbed.It has it 's own electric pump and will either inflate or deflate the bed.Very simple to use.The bed also inflates and deflates fairly quickly .
 Great air mattress at a good price . Fills quickly with an integrated pump -LRB- no looking for a pump that 's been separated -RRB- . THe extra height is very nice . We have other queen air mattresses , but needed a twin and this was perfect .
 This is the most comfortable air bed I 've ever owned.Its 18 inches tall , including the pillow part , so you can keep it less than fully inflated , which is the best way to do it since the bed then conforms nicely to your body.The built in air pump is easy and fast.I think its a best buy at even a higher price .
 I purchased this to use at a friends house for three weeks ... I had to refill it every three or four days , but it was n't terrible . It also survived two cats who viewed it as their personal kneading toy - but I did have four or five layers on top because I knew that would happen . I 'd happily buy again .
 I purchased the Intex airbed to replace an Aerobed that our cats `` loved '' too much during a guest visit . Comfort wise , the Intex wins hands down-supportive yet comfortable as well . Convenience wise , it inflates a little slower than our old Aerobed -LRB- albeit , there is more to inflate -RRB- yet it takes up less room when rolled and stored in the sack that comes with it . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it is VERY high , so a restless sleeper can fall off pretty easily .
 So far so good ... holds the air and prefect for a sleep over at aunties 's house!Easy set up , built in pupmp , easy put away ... nice carrying bag also.So far worth the money , Thank you .
 I looked at several airbeds before buying this one . I looked at several name brands , I was not familiar with Intex so I checked the reviews and am glad I did . Fast delivery , easy set up -LRB- a must for me -RRB- and a very sturdy product . We are completely satisfied with this bed . The built in pump is easy to use and works perfectly . We bought the twin due to space but intend to buy a larger bed to have on hand .
 I use this bed when I 'm scaling back on my size of camping , I usually use the Queen Size . Nothing better than a double stacked air bed for spleeping on .
 I looked around before buying an airbed . Saw many options and compare . Many different comments that confused me . But decided to buy this one due to the price and the electric pump . Excellente product , inflates in just 2-3 minutes and last all night long . Easy to store in the morning . 5 star product .
 This bed is great . We will use it on all sorts of occasions , but we bought it for a teen sleepover . First of all , it couldnt be easier to inflate , taking maybe two minutes to fully inflate . It is smartly designed and sits a little higher off the ground than the average air bed , which is nice . Also , it is just as easy to deflate and I LOVE the bag that it comes with , making it quite easy to transport . We just sent it over to be used at an after Prom sleepover , for this reason ! So far , everyone has said that it was comfortable to sleep on and they liked the soft pillow top .
 Fast Blow-up , Easy to handle , Comfortable , Not too big & not too small - great for Guests . Only 4 out of 5 because it looses about 15 % of the air originally put in within 2 days . I still recommend this product to anybody !
 Got this bed for a 3 night camping trip , and it was PERFECT !! I was then envy of everyone ! While others were waiting for their turn with the air pump , I had inflated mine and was relaxing ! While others tossed and turned because their mattresses were leaking and getting soft , I slept like a baby ! The height of this bed was very good , and easy on my back . I was also able to get it firm enough to not have back problems in the morning . I have not noticed any hint of leakage , but even if it leaked , or died tomorrow , it was well worth the $ 37.00 to get these 3 nights of good sleep ! I would definitely buy again , and recommend !
 Hi , I Purchased this bed a month ago and i really like it for the price of just 40 $ . I would really recommend to anyone who is looking for a cheap bed . It is comfortable and nice . If you do n't want to buy a twin or full bed then only think of buying this one . If i had the option of getting a real bed then i would have bought one but its too much costly for getting one in Chicago downtown so i thought of trying Intex AirBed first . Its works perfectly fine . Right now Air comes out of bed but its not much so its fine . I have to refill every 3-4 days depending on how i use it . I would definitely recommend for those who wants to save money and have a good bed . It is for college students and also for kids . I do n't recommend it for Adults above 35 and specially seniors as they wo n't find it comfortable . Thats It ... Hope you like the One you buy :-RRB- !!!
 I am very happy with this mattres , however , the measurements are not what is said on the box.The width is only 35 ' , not 40 ' . The length is 78 ' , not 80 ' . Other than that I love it .
 The Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump is a amazing purchase comparing price and quality .
 it is very good in cleaning but the drain pipe is not made of good material in the sense that you ca n't fold it well so it will give problem as water spread everywhere otherwise it cleaned the clothes very well .
 These are only meant for use as temporary or guest bedding , but I 've been in a situation where I am using this item daily as my bed for over a month now . I am a large person . It has held up beautifully . I add air maybe once every 7-10 days . The flocked top is great , holding sheets in place . It is so comfortable , my back and general body pain has improved dramatically since using it ! I suspect that when my permanent bed arrives , this little bed will serve long and well as guest bedding .
 I have three of these mattresses . They are much longer lasting and more sturdy than other brands I have purchased . They are very comfortable.I highly recommend this product .
 I love this airbed ! It is so easy to inflate and deflate ! We bought it for my 6 year old for sleep overs and works great . We are going to take it on vacation with us so we do n't have to rent a cot.It is very comfy and soft with it 's velour cover . I would recommend it to anyone !
 Ordered this bed in December , as a full time bed for me to sleep on . I was VERY satisfied , this bed is GREAT ! It is just as good as one of those adjustable beds you see for three times the price . Up by the built in pillow -LRB- which is worthless , but thats no problem -RRB- is the adjuster . You can lie in the bed and make it harder or softer , with the flick of a switch . For the money this bed is a steal , and mine came with free shipping . A very well made product , i would HIGHLY recommend it .
 For the price , it ca n't be beat . It 's very comfortable . I ordered two so I 'd have one as a backup in case one sprung a leak . I had no problems with the quality of either , although it is about 6-8 '' more narrow than a standard twin so twin fitted sheets are too big .
 Controls were easy to use ; supported well and being high above the floor was moderately easy to get out of . Emptied easily to fold and put back in to the storage bag .
 Needing some extra beds for guests over the holidays , I found these and thought I would give them a try . I love that they are higher than some inflatable beds , so you do n't feel like you are just sleeping on an air mattress . The slight incline to the head area is great and keeps your pillow from falling off . Also , the top is flocked to prevent your sheets from feeling slippery and you do n't feel like you are sleeping on plastic . I slept on one of them twice myself and found it to be very comfortable . You can control the amount of air to make it firmer or softer . They inflate/deflate very fast ! I always think that inflatable beds are cold , so to prevent this I use an electric mattress pad on them . These beds come with a travel bag , so you can travel with one and prevent it from getting damaged . I think these are a very good product , especially for the price !
 The airbed is very convenient with the built in pump which works very fast to fill or deflate it.It does tend to lose a little air overnight but is simple to add a little . It 's comfortable and well worth the price .
 I bought this for my 6 yo grandson who comes down to Florida from Chicago a few times a year . I liked that it packs up and can be put away . Also you are not sleeping on the floor . The daughter in law wanted this particular item for that reason . She did n't want her kid sleeping on the tile floor . It was very comfortable . I 'm a bit compulsive and bought at a thrift store the foam/egg crate pad and so it added , I think ! to the comfort of it . It needed occasional inflation during the 10 day period . It was delivered in a timely fashion , was a VERY cheap bed for an extra person and I would say we were all pretty happy with it !
 The two airbeds we bought for excess company during the holidays proved very easy to use and comfortable . We were very glad we had them to offer family members who spent the night . Now we have packed them away in their storage bags for future use .
 This bed Blows up very quickly . Less than a minute . The unit has a large nob for letting the air out , so you can lay on the bed and reach back and adjust it for comfort . I am 6ft 2 and 260 lbs and I sleep well on it . Fitting sheets stay on well.The only thig I wish it had was built in handles to carry and move when blown up . Great buy for the Money .
 For that extra person we were n't expecting to stay overnight , we had her covered with the twin air bed . It is a must have for any house with less than 4 bedrooms . She said it was great and comfortable .
 The bed is really comfortable and the electric pump makes it a breeze to inflate . I do n't recommend it as permanent bed solution just for temporary sleep overs
 The bed is easy to use and is pretty comfortable . Takes very little storage space . Really good option for visitors
 Excellent value for the money . Convenient and comfortable , I just wish it was a little higher . I would recommend this product .
 Super Support ! East setup . Very Comfortable . Firm or soft , anyway you enjoy your sleep . Good height , too!Best purchase . Very pleased .
 Needs to be pumped up at least twice in the night . High rise makes it easy for older people to use.UPDATE : Amazon was outstanding . I wrote saying that the bed was leaking too much to be comfortable . . an immediate replacemnt was sent and i printed out a free shipping label online.The new bed is perfect . . three kids slept on it together and they were fast asleep when i checked later.I left the airbed out next two days and no air had leaked yet.I was lucky I think to have got a good piece.Thank you Amazon .
 My guests love ghis bed and so do I when I have to give my bed to kids . No hankie Pankie on it , though , but an excellent good night sleep .
 Bed pumps up , hold air and is perfect for a temporary bed . Everything necessary for a temporary bed to work .
 I took this bed for a trip all the way down to Guatemala this past November 2012 . It did a good job for the two week vacation . Future buyers have to consider that this bed is different from your comfy home mattress , it may not be as comfortable but it will do the job that is designed for an air mattress . I have to pump air every two days but the process was so fast -LRB- aprox . 15 seconds -RRB- that it did not butter me at all . The bed is firm and comfortable enough to survive a couple of weeks with out your comfy every day bed ! I am happy with the buy and will recommend . Again keep in mind that comparing air mattress to your every day comfy bed is like comparing apples and pears , both fruits are sweet but they taste different ; -RRB-
 I ordered this mattress while I was moving and it held up great ! It inflates really quick and deflates just as well . I would order another one again without hesitation . It was comfortable and did the job while I was looking for a bed .
 it blows up quick ... it 's great to just pull it out of the closet for that unexpected guest and very comfy ... I also love how it come with a storage bag to slide it right back into ... I will be buying another one : -RRB-
 This mattress is a GREAT deal . The built in pump is a good feature , no more looking for the pump or charger . We have had it inflated for 3 weeks and have only had to refill it a couple of times for a few seconds . Unless you have an electric outlet , you ca n't fill this mattress without a power source , the plug is buit in with the pump at the head of the mattress and has a cover you can close to secure it . I would highly recommend this as a spare bed for any of your guests . My only complaint would be the bag it comes in to store it . I find that in most cases you can never get the product back in the bag it came in . So we found a bigger bag and it works perfectly .
 The built in pump is a dream ! Inflates and deflates in minutes . Being double height makes standing up from the sleep position painless . Now whoever spends the night has a cushion and comfortable place to sleep.PS
 We were needing some temp beds for our visits to our home out of state and found these on Amazon at an exceptional price . We got 2 twin mattresses instead of a queen so that we do n't disturb each other as much when we shift and so we can split them up for guests that do n't like each other that much ; -RRB- Another reviewer had good advice to let them air out before use , because they do have an odor for the first 24 hours . They lost very little air over the 4 days we used them and virtually none during our evening use of them . Just add a little air prior to bedtime and you 're good to go . I do recommend a blanket or comforter below you if you like sleeping with the room a little cool because the air in the mattress stays at the same temp and does suck all your heat away through the night . As for comfort , both me and my wife agree they were more firm than the pillowtop mattress we have at home , yet soft enough to give where you need it ... and we both have back problems that are always aggravated by the standard hotel mattresses . We have slept on air mattresses in the past , but this was by far the best we have tried .
 5 stars for both the quality and the price . The shipping arrived in less than 4 days . Been sleeping on it ever since and its comfortable . I 'd recommend it to my friends
 This product was comfortable - simple to inflate and deflate -LRB- one switch does both -RRB- and extremely affordable !!!
 I was unsure what size to buy so I bought this twin size bed and then a queen size bed . The twin size -LRB- THIS BED -RRB- sets up quickly and FIRM ! Whereas the queen size bed id more burdensome in size and labor . I recommend this twin size bed by Intex model .
 Twin Air bed is fantastic . This is my second one . It offers a good nites sleep for company . Also great to take on trips .
 I used this on a recent trip visiting a friend who did not have an extra bed . This worked out far better than expected . The bed inflated in just a few minutes by plugging it in and turning it on . It also only took a few minutes to completely deflate for storage during the day . The bed was comfortable and fit the twin sized sheets I brought.My only complaint is that after a few uses it did develop a very slow leak that I was unable to locate . It still remained inflated even with me on it , but I could tell it was losing some air . Maybe that is the nature of airbeds.I would not hesitate to buy another one if this one should need to be replaced . The carrying bag was very nice looking as well , and I liked the fact that the bed was raised off of the floor .
 I like this product . I had family members visit this past weekend and my nieces and nephew loved them.They filled up fast . Twin sheets fit well on them.It is wonderful to be able to put a comfortable bed anywhere in the house then fold it up and store it the next morning . The only reason I am not giving them a 5 star rating is that deflating them took a little longer than I expected . I have seen other blow up beds that actually can pump out air . Thats a nice feature .
 This bed is surprisingly comfortable and firm when filled with air . However , it does n't seem to hold the air for more than a couple days , I ended up using the pump every night . However , it held the air throughout the night and by morning the bed was still comfortable.I do n't know if my bed has a slow leak or if air is leaking around the valve , but for something I use once or twice a year , I 'm happy with it .
 This product is great for the money . Includes pump very easy to set up . Very comfortable . Brother in law uses at work when on break very convenient for him .
 I just moved from Raleigh , NC to Hillsboro , OR and I needed to move in an empty apartment I rented . I looked in Amazon to find a cheap option for a temporary bed and came up with Intex airbed . Although I had significant doubts that it will work properly , I did not experience any problems . Previous reviews of other customers are correct and precise . I liked the airbed very much and now I am using it as an occasional couch .
 this is a very comfortable bed and very convenient , it blows up in minutes and also deflates very quickly . My grandchild stays over and this bed is very handy .
 Have used it twice and it works fine . The self inflating and deflate pump is a handy device . Makes it easy to actually inflate while lying on it to make it firmer .
 My brother was coming to stay for a week in our apartment , so I needed something that would not be totally uncomfortable for him to sleep on 5 nights in a row . This air mattress did the job . It did a nice job of staying inflated throughout the week . My brother actually preferred the feel of it after a couple of nights -LRB- got slightly softer due to minimal air loss -RRB- . The only issue I had was not being able to get 100 % of the air out of it during deflation . We used the motor to remove most of the air , but towards the end it could n't force the rest out . I tried pressure , but it seems as if the release has to be a certain angle to let the air escape . It still folded up and fit in the bag -LRB- barely -RRB- . But overall , it held air and that 's what we needed it to do .
 Excellent product . Very comfortable . Instant blow up and instant deflate . Never lost any air inflation in over one week of use . Loved the height - approximately 24 '' off ground ! Comparison priced for some time and found that this one beat the retail stores and other on-line stores and free shipping to boot ! Would definitely recommend !
 I wanted a bed for my niece who was staying with me for 5 weeks . This worked perfect . It stayed fully inflated for at least 3 weeks , with my 100lb niece sleeping on it almost every night . after 4 weeks you could notice it drooping a little . But it 's very easy to inflate . I will be keeping this for traveling .
 Does everything I expected it to . The built in pump works perfectly -LRB- for both inflation and deflation -RRB- , and it has n't sprung a leak on me yet .
 I was n't sure how I would like this but , it worked perfect for a guest we had for about 6 weeks . It was easy to get in and out of , it held air very well but , we did air it up a little each week to be sure it was nice and firm for sleeping . It has a switch on the bed and all you do is flip it to air it up ! It 's so easy ! I did n't have a twin sheet so I just used a full size and it stayed on and worked fine even though it was bigger than the bed . I would definitely recommend this .
 I like itI was looking for it I found it I got and I am enjoying it to the fullestI recommend it to anyone
 A true twin bed mattress , not too long and not too wide , accommodates one adult -LRB- who shows up without notice -RRB- for as long as needed.a very good sleep !
 Just spent 8 nights on this bed visiting my granddaughters . I slept very well . Stays inflated . A breeze to blow up , deflate and store . What a deal . Great service , fast delivery . Very pleased !!!
 This is suitable for short term use . It 's easy to inflate and deflate . I did n't fit my needs , but it was a described and pretty useful for unexpected guests .
 I like a firm bed and found that I needed to physically pump in the additional air pressure . There is that option along with the electric/fill , deflate which is very helpful . I took it camping for five nights and though I topped it off before bed every night , it did n't deflate enough for me to notice in the morning .
 I was very happy with the airbed that I chose - it met all my expectations - service was excellent .
 This is the first time that I have purchased an air mattress but I have slept on a number of them over the years so I knew what I was looking for.I needed a twin size air mattress with its own pump.The pump for this airbed is actually internal , it has a plug for an outlet that has a little compartment which is also internal with the pump.It took about 3 minutes to fully inflate . The pump also has a deflation pump that took even less time than inflation.The pump is loud but since it is only on for a couple of minutes that was n't a deterrment.Since the airbed is so thick it is comfortable as far as air mattress go , I used it for 2 nights and felt fine.My only gripe is that the storage bag is too small - I was n't able to fold the air mattress back up to its original size so that it would fit in the bag.Overall , I am very happy with this mattress and hope it lasts for a few years for occasional use .
 So easy to use and fast . Just plug it in and flip the switch . It inflates , you flip the switch off and put the cord back in the box . It 's that fast and easy . It 's also very comfortable for an air mattress .
 I purchased this mostly for the great price , to replace a more expensive model . Love that it is a raised bed . Makes getting in and out of it much easier . It is very comfortable . Like it better than the more expensive brand it replaced ! Have used it a lot , and it has held up well . Great for when traveling to relatives or friends houses . Very satisfied with this purchase . Would definitely buy it again .
 I bought this for my sons apartment . I use it when I go up to Washington to visit them . I have 2 sons and they live together . Perfect size to use in the livingroom . Easy to put away also . I also recommended it my friends for their out of town guest .
 love love , love this bed !! it was a great investment , and its comfortable . i love the fact that it is self inflating and you can adjust the firmness .
 Needed place for kids to sleep while visiting grandma and now they argue over who gets to sleep on the air mattress . Both think it 's more comfy than their bed at home.Would have given 5 stars , but the bag it comes with to put it in is worthless , no chance of ever getting it in there again .
 This is perfect . The extra height is nice , you do n't feel like you are sleeping on the floor . It inflates quickly and holds the air for at least a few days -LRB- the longest I have used it at one time -RRB- It also deflates and packs away easily and quickly .
 Purchased 2 of the twin size air mattresses for visiting grandchildren . They are a great way to expand sleeping arrangements . Easy to inflate , deflate and store away ! Looking forward to using them again this holiday season ! Intex seems to manufacture a quality product at a reasonable price . .
 Exactly as described , I bought it for my daughter to spend the night . It fills up quickly , but it 's loud . Is solid , and does n't deflate overnight .
 Product arrived on time , -LRB- a little early actually -- which is a good thing , :--RRB- ; intact , & in excellent condition . This bed includes an `` in mattress inflation motorized pump '' that makes for ease of use , and much quieter inflation application in comparison to external pump air mattresses . It is comfortable , and an extremely good value for the price !!! Will purchase this product again !!!
 This is a good product . I use it nightly.It is 36 '' in width , not 40 '' as marked onthe box . This makes it tend to roll moreeasily . I had to frame and tie it to makeit stable .
 Took it to 1000 islands campground for the first time . Filled it up during the heat of day and that night it got soft . Thought it was losing air . Next day when I went to add more air it was ok . I added more air till it was quiet stiff and that night it was perfect and stayed that way the next 4 nights . Very happy with it .
 For the price , this air mattress is a great bargain . Inflates fast , deflation is done via the fan motor which speeds up the process , compact and light , easy to store ... I highly recommend this as quick and easy way to accommodate the need for an extra bed .
 I used it for a week and half and it seem to work as described . I do n't know how well its going to work for over a long period of time , but it is cheap so it probably would n't last that long . No leakage of air or anything yet . It was the right size for me and I am 5 ' 2 , it might be small if your over 6 ' I 'd imagine . Anyways , I recommend it to people who are looking for a temporary place to sleep .
 Quick to fill and comfortable to sleep on . We use it for our children 's sleepovers . Never had a complaint ! You ca n't go wrong with this choice .
 Love this bed . Second one that I have purchased . Ca n't beat the price for the quality .
 We have used this mattress a couple of times now on camping trips . It works great . And with the double levels it still provides more than enough support even though it lost just a slight bit of air overnight . No more waking up on the ground !
 I 've had this bed for two months . I air it up right before I 'm about to lay down and it gets nice and firm and feels so comfortable like a real bed . I actually think it 's BETTER than a real bed . My back NEVER hurts and I always wake up refreshed and comfortable . It 's got weird grooves on top and I do n't like the velor material too much so because of these two things I thought at first that I would n't like it but I was wrong about that ! I got used to the grooves quite quickly and I believe they are the reason why I do n't have any back pain . I put a silk blanket on top so I can move easily while I 'm laying down . I always deflate it a bit after I wake up so it 's not aired up too tight all day long when I 'm not using it . I just love this bed how easy it is to move around . I have it sitting on those interlocking foam floors which keeps it from sharp objects and clean . I like simple so this bed is perfect for me . A pillow , a blanket and that 's it . Many reviews I read before I bought it said that they did n't like the built in pillow it has . I do not mind that one bit . It 's just long enough for me so I do n't hang off of it and I love that 's it 's high off the floor . For the price and the comfort , I think this bed is unbeatable and I would buy another after this one . I use it every single night , it 's my primary sleep apparatus -LRB- LOL -RRB- . Now I hope after writing this review , the bed keeps for at least 6 months more . We 'll see because this is the first bed like this I 've ever owned . The only thing I do not know is what kind of plastic the bed is made from , I have not looked into that yet . The reason I say this is because certain types of plastic are toxic so it could be a health hazard but for a fast and easy low-cost solution , it 's perfect for virtually any situation .
 I have used this airbed for 5 months , and it is rather comfortable . I keep it inflated for months , and use it as a permanent bed . I have observed no severe leakage . Once in a while , I would pump in more air to firm it up.I have the airbed sitting on carpet , and the airbed can slide a bit on the carpet when I get on or off it . Also , fitted sheets do not stay on well .
 This mattress pumps up very quickly and easily , and deflates just as quickly . It was very comfortable but I still needed a pillow even though one was built in . It did lose a little air throughout the night but not much . I thought it was well worth my money . The duffle bag it came in also made it easy to carry .
 We took this bed camping , and it was very comfortable to sleep on . It did lose some air overnight , so we just reinflated before going to bed . Great mattress for the price !
 We were very pleased with this product . It was very reasonably priced , and shipping was quick . My son is using this at his college apt . Inflated quickly and is comfortable . I recommend this product .
 This item arrived on within just a matter of a few days . It sure did serve its purpose . It took about a minute to inflate and deflate I am very pleased with this product . Would buy from seller again , definitly .
 I used this on a trip for family of five . We had to stay in multiple hotel rooms built for 4 people . No one complained about sleeping on this . Most of all , it was durable and very easy to set up and take down because of the built-in pump .
 Great for visiting grandchildren . Easy to set up/take down . Actually very comfortable . Gave it the nap test , over 200 pounds , and I slept fine . Highly recommended for limited space needs .
 I love this airbed . I do have to blow air into it every few days to keep it firm . I 've read review about not able to deflate , but I had no problem . I took this on the road with me and had no problem packing it . Just use the deflate dial -LRB- turn counter clockwise -RRB- and that 's it . I was able to put in my travel bag just fine . If there 's still a little air left , as I am folding , just turn the on button to deflate more and it 's as flat as can be . Roll up just fine .
 Easy to store , inflate and deflate . Also very confortable for an adult weight . Twin sheets fit securely around top edge .
 The two beds arrived quicker than I expected . They are very comfortable and blow up quickly . Getting all the air out to put it in its duffel bag took a little work but it fit . Easy to travel with when visiting friends .
 I purchased this twin airbed for my granddaughters . I have three beautiful grandaughters who occassionally spend weekends at Grandmas . Since they are ags 8,6 , and 4 , I took down the babybed and looked for a sofa coach to fit in the bedroom , could n't do it . My next thought was to pick up an airbed , but my schedule did n't allow time to go shopping . So I checked Amazon . I could shop at home by reading the reviews . I chose this bed , it was so easy to pump up and I did n't have to use a seperate pump because it 's built into the unit . It inflated in a minute or two . It fit perfect in the area I had for it , and the girls said it was so comfortable . It deflates as easy as inflates , it has a storage bag with a handle to navigate from place to place . It did n't loose air the whole weekend . The raised section for your head is a nice feature . I am very happy with this purchase . I would recommend it to my friends .
 I purchased it as an extra bed for overnight guests . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I love how quickly inflates & deflates ! Maintains fullness throughout the night ! Love that 's it 's raised high enough for getting in & out of bed ! Very easy to store away . Love the tote in which you can carry to anywhere you may need to travel . Totally recommend it !!
 Seems to be a nicely designed and manufactured air bed . We 've used it for guests a few times , and are pleased with it .
 We 've only use the two Intex airbeds a couple times , but are well pleased . They inflate and deflate quickly . The Intex carry bags provided are also nice quality and easily large enough to store the beds when not in use.We motorcycle tent camp and use a Coleman Elite Sundome 6 lighted tent , which is 10 ` x12 ' . We use 2 twin size beds , which is perfect for two adults and all the gear you need to store in your tent.The airbeds do not bleed off air through the night . They are just as comfortable as any good quality bedding one might have at home . Another friend has used the Intex beds for almost 4 years now and reports having no trouble . That 's why we bought them.Be sure to read the reviews of other brand airbeds . There are some low-quality `` leakers '' out there for more money than these beds cost.The construction of the beds appear to be high quality . The built-in pillow and cushion top is nice . Buy with confidence . You 'll be happy with your purchase the morning after you sleep on one of these beds .
 I bought this airbed a few weeks ago . I was amazed how fast it was filled when I first tried it to check whether there was leaking or product failure . It took only about one minute to be fully filled . I left it in our living room for two days . Though I warned my three boys not to jump on it , they still did quite some movement rather than sleeping on it . Last week when we were on vocation I slept on it for the first night . It was comfortable enough to sleep though the night though not big enough because I 'm not used to a twin sized bed . One of our boys slept on it for another night . We never heard him complaining about the bed . So far we are very happy with it . We actually plan to buy at least another one for the children to have sleep-over at our home or go to their friends ' homes for a night . Anyways , the built-in pump makes the airbed one package and it is so easy to carry the bag anywhere you go to . I recommend this airbed for so far what I know about this product . I do n't know how long it can be used repeatedly .
 We bought this airbed to use in a hotel as an extra bed and it worked great . It was nice that it had a built-in pump , it was easy to use , my 10 year old son did everything . I will use this again the next time we go on vacation .
 bought this airbed for camping in the summer , my twelve year old granddaughter has slept on it twice and really likes it.Quality was good as well as the price .
 I bought this to stay in my daughters dorm room where space is limited and it worked great . Do n't need a pump its all built in . Stayed 5 nights and added air with the flick of a switch , I like it very firm . Would buy another if needed .
 My wife and I bought 2 of those for our vacation home and they are practical as they have an electrical pump build in and quite comfortable . We slept very well on them . We also liked the fabric surface very much .
 very good , i enjoy the bed , i own a twin and a queen
 Unlike some of the reviews written , I can not find anything wrong with this bed ... The built in pump and self-contained cord are a wonderful thing . The bed is slept on every night and although I do not weigh in at the 300lb limit the bed only needs to be topped off with air once a week . The built-in pump is alot quieter than the external one 's ... AND with the flip of a switch on the end of the bed you just plug in and DEflate ... I LOVE this bed ... Would buy again DEFINETLY !!!
 We purchased this airbed for an out of town guest as we do not have an extra bedroom.It works great ... when guest is gone just roll up and store out of the way . We already had a queen size airbed that we used when we moved into our new place . We used it for a month before the renovations were done and we moved our regular bed into place . Actually , I think the bed was more comfortable than our sleep-number bed .
 I like Intex products . I had one of their inflatable pools before and was impressed with the durability of the product until a squirrel got to it ! So , I decided to give the Intex bed a try . The bed is reasonably comfortable and far more durable than I had originally expected . It survived the weight of three teens -LRB- combined weight of 450l bs -RRB- several times during horse play . In short , the bed survived a week of rigorous `` real world '' testing . The Intex bed is far more comfortable than an Aero bed circa 2007 & 2009 too . In short , you get a bargain temporary bed which can take the rigors of kids and medium weight adults .
 I shopped forever for the perfect `` extra bed '' and I FOUND IT !! It inflates/deflates quickly . It is stable/comfortable . It 's affordable . It comes with a drawstring bag for easy storage . Great purchase ! I highly recommend this bed .
 We are having to use the bed for a couch and a bed for our daughter . Overall the bed is a gem ... not uncomfortable to sleep on holds the air the way its supposed to . Great Price . The only thing we found was that if two people sit on it , there is more of a waterbed roll to it . You know one person sits then when the other person sits the first person is bounced up ... not a big deal but has caused a spill or two . Nothing that would deter me from buying again or recommending to others .
 Easy to pump up and comfortable to sleep on . Nice & soft to store . Nice ...
 I purchased this air bed to use for my granddaughters when they stay overnight . First time used , the 3 yr old loved it slept very well . I have n't tried it personally . It was very easy to set up , I did n't inflate it to firm so not too sure if there is some air leakage or just the way I inflated it . I love the thickness of the material and the built in pump . I recommend this air bed .
 I got this for my 6 year old because I do n't have a bed for him right now . He loves it and I 'm glad that this bed keeps air in it for a long time . It barely lets any air out like most air beds . . and it 's such an awesome well built in pump that you just plug into the wall . . awesome . . awesome . . awesome . It 's about as tall as a regular twin size bed with a box spring underneath . . . just throw a fitted sheet on and you 're good to go . . such a great investment for not much at all . It 's def going to hold up until I 'm able to get him the real deal .
 I have slept on this bed as my regular bed for a temporary move to a 4th floor walk up . I also bought a queen -RRB- . Both have been amazing . I would strongly recommend getting a 2 inch thick pad to go with it to make it feel just as comfortable as a regular bed . :-RRB- I got the -LRB- Sleep Studio 2-Inch ViscO2 Ventilated Memory Foam Mattress Topper -RRB- . Good luck !
 I ordered the aerobed for visiting guests , and they loved it . Also , it fit nicely in my space-challenged unit . Shipping was great ! Price was great ! all happy campers .
 Funciono sin ningun inconveniente de acuerdo a lo informado en las caracteristicas.Recomiedo el mismo a todo el que necesite un colchon inflabe comodo y de rapido armado.Muy bueno el sistema de bomba de aire incorporado al mismo elemento , no esnecesario nada mas para utilizarlo .
 This inflated with ease thanks to the built in pump ! Great size even had a little pillow built in for comfort . Overall was very comfortable and roomy and deflated & folded back up in its case with ease .
 I bought this mattress in hope of using it as a lift for my aged parents should they fall down . All inclusive design makes it impossible to lose ANY neded part . Pumped up with me on it -LRB- 306 lbs -RRB- with ease . Beats the options which cost thousands .
 We purchased this for our DD who is away from home and did n't have any furniture . Amazon delivered it to her promptly . She is very happy with it . It 's comfy , and she commented that it does n't have a strong vinyl smell . We were wondering if it would , but she says it is very nice . I am happy that it 's a simple to use and comfortable thing and will substitute for furniture when one is in a bind and needs something inexpensive but still comfortable .
 This product so far works as advertised . It works like an airbed . It inflates and deflates very conveniently - and the attached pump is a great plus . Ca n't complain.I imagine it 'll wear down one day , but so have countless other airbeds that I 've paid over a hundred for - it 's plastic !
 We tested this bed by blowing it up prior to company arriving . We left on the patio for six days . I was easy to inflate and stayed full . In fact we just moved it into the room where our grand daughter was going to stay . It worked great for three days in there then it deflated !! But not to fear , the grand daughter -LRB- 8 years -RRB- decided to fool `` Grampy '' and pulled the deflate plug for a little while . So bottom line it lived up to every claim and we VERY happy with it . When you take it out of the bag pay good attention to the way it is folded . It is a real job to get it back into the bag but it can be done !! LOL
 we purchased this for guests . It 's been used several times since we purchased it - everyone who has slept on it * raves * about it . Very happy with this purchase !
 Used for a temporary bed when visiting relatives . Easy to set up and store . Inflates very quickly and is comfortable . I only used it three times and if it lasts a year , I 'll be a happy `` camper '' .
 I bought this inflatable mattress about a month ago because I 've had visitors on and off and I live in a small studio apartment . I love how easily it 's inflated ! I 've never had an inflatable mattress before but thiis one was great and I love that it was high . I was also told by my guests that it 's not loud at all -LRB- another plus -RRB- . The only couple of things I would say could be better are that I love my mattress firm and no matter how firm I tried to get the inflatable mattress to be by putting more air in it , 5 minutes later a little of air would come out and be back to soft . Also , taking ALL the air out and folding it to put away was a bit challenging , I did manage to do it with some sweat and flexibility . However , these two minor critiques should n't stop anyone from buying this product.Over all it 's a great investment !
 I bought this air mattress after researching the site . It is indeed very comfortable and easy to operate and most important of all , NO LEAKING !!!
 I have purchased this matress 3 weeks ago . The price is pretty affordable , and it actually looks like a normal bed . At the beginning it leaked a bit , but after that -LRB- I really do n't know why -RRB- it was ok . It is pretty comfortable . The built-in pump works very good and very convenient in use . The only two things are that I do n't like in this matress are that one side of this matress is higher by 2-3 mm than another . And when you sleep on it you feel like there is a small angle . I mean the matress is not 100 % horizontal . Another thing that peaces me off is the noise that comes from the matress when you move or somehow turn over . But overall it is good substitution if you need a temporary bed .
 I bought this item for my wedding , because I have a lot of people over for the wedding.I fond it very economical , and was very good for this kind of occasion.My guest who used it loved it and asked me how they could purchase one of their own , overall I would give it a five star . Worked well for me thanks .
 I have used many air beds , and I am impressed by the quality of this one . The build in pump inflates the bed quickly and quietly , and I am impressed by how stable the bed seems . Grandpa has been sleeping on the bed for over a week and says he is very comfortable . The double height makes it much easier to get in and out of bed , especially for grandpa while he is visiting .
 I 've only had it a little bit however many words have been written pro and con about this product so I to shall endeavor to provide you with some useful information .1 st it is an airbed and it does n't take kindly to claws of many kinds or sharp point objects . 2nd it is a portable airbed ... the valve is n't a perfect seal as with any air mattress or bed so expect to use the built in pump every now and then as a result of seepage . . 3rd comfort just pump it up or deflate to personal comfort level . 4th the price is relatively low cost . 5th Seems to be of decent quality aired up right out of the box and has held the pressure with no major leaks .
 This air bed is great especially when needing an extra bed for overnight friends or family . It is excellent value for the price , is very comfortable , is nice and high off the floor and with built in pump is ready in minutes !! I checked and this is the vey best price anywhere ! I bought 2 twins and they store so nice when not in use ! I have already recommended to many friends .
 I purchased this to have both on our Girl 's weekend and for use at home when company come . I have a full size one and was excited to see the single size was available . Very comfy , guest think that it is perfect because they can set the air to soft or hard support .
 I needed an extra bed for my 4 year old grandson ... this really fit the bill ... he loves sleeping on his inflatabable bed ... inflates and deflates in minutes . .
 The air mattress does blow up in seconds . It is comfortable . It is a little difficult to wrap up and the plug is a little difficult to put back but all and all it was well worth the money . My daughter is using it until she can get her new baby to sleep through the night .
 Easy to pump up -LRB- uses electricity -RRB- and pretty comfortable - biggest complaint just like anything that you assemble and try to put back into the same box , it is hard to get it small enough to go back into the bag . No biggie . The price is right .
 The Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed was a good value for the money . Compared to a single height air mattress that one would puchase at a Target or Walmart for a similar price , it was more comfortable . The extra height is great in adding to the confort of the bed . I did however put a soft sleeping bag under the sheet to add extra padding and comfort . The built in inlfation and deflation system was great and very easy to use . No more screwing , unscrewing putting in and pulling plugs to inflate and deflate . Once unpacked from the box , you just plug it in , and flip the swich to inflate . To adjust the firmness or deflate , you turn a nob to let the air out . It was actually easier than more expensive air mattresses that I had previously purchased . I liked that feature a lot . The only thing I would add to this product to get it to 5 stars would be a memory foam top , but this unfortunatly would drive up the price . If you already have a pad , use it .
 I bought this airbed for our guest bedroom and I am highly satisfied with its quality and ease of operation .
 I purchased this airbed because I wanted to sleep in the same room as my newborn . Yes , I 'm one of those paranoid new moms . This bed goes above and beyond . I wanted to buy the AeroBed first because I 'm one of those people who hates to buy cheaper items because they usually break or whatever . I 'm pretty much a sucker for the theory that expensive = quality . However , I went with my gut and decided to try this airbed having never heard of the company before . Listen to your gut ! It inflates in 3 minutes and deflates in about 3 minutes . If you want it to be more firm & allow the air to settle in better , you should leave it in there for about 7-10min . Not a big deal at all . Go do something in another room while you 're inflating it . This thing can also handle a lot of weight . When I 'm sleeping on the airbed , my husband comes in the room to tell me he wants to sleep in this bed too because it 's so comfy . Great Buy !
 I am only going to write about how well this product has worked for me because I have only had them a few days now . I purchased two of these airbeds for my daughters to sleep on while we had company over . I have to admit I was a bit weary as to whether or not they would be as good as they were made out to be . I am very impressed ! The quality of the material is impressive and the easy set up is as well ! However , I am uncertain at this point if they have a slow leak or if my husband is just not filling them up as tight as they could be ; they are a bit deflated by morning . Not enough for me to be discouraged but they are not &#34; tight &#34; by morning -LRB- no worries , no one is waking up on the floor -RRB- . I will definitely up date everyone after I have had them a few more days !!!
 This item is great ! Easy to use and comfy . The item also arrived quicklyTop quality for a very low price .
 Shipped fast , quality exceeded expectations , super easy and fast to inflate . Provides a soft but firm sleeping surface - pillow top adds to comfort .
 got it for my family came to vist its great , size is perfect for my little room , i just put some confortes on it , and its just like a regular bed , loove it !
 Arrived quickly and every bit as advertised ! I use this for my truck at work and it is absolutely comfortable and nicely built ! I 'm very happy with this purchase.There is a rotating control for the air pressure in the mattress once you have inflated it that allows you to adjust it to the level of comfort that suits you . It can also be used to let the air out to deflate the mattress completely , should you no longer be near an electric outlet . The supplied cord tucks neatly out of the way into a compartment at the head of the mattress and is easily accessed.Cons
 It 's convenient to take around . I think the only complaint I 'd have is that it makes squeaking noises when you move around and THAT sound wakes me up ... Other than that , it 's sturdy and as comfortable as a airbed can be .
 Bought this for a Thanksgiving guest consigned to the basement . Incredibly easy to set up , stayed inflated , he said it was way more comfortable than any air mattress he 'd ever slept on . And the electric deflate is fast and makes it easy to get back into its bag .
 Had a full house for the holiday , had a queen Intex -LRB- same version -RRB- in one room for my 6 ' + 21 yo son , and the twin in my home office for my 24yo daughter . Everyone slept well . Works to expectation . Make sure you let it warm to room before blowing up , and get it blown up prior to first use .
 My sister & I are so pleased with it . Much easier to deal with and love the 18 &#34; height . Best buy ever.BTW
 I 'm arranging a getaway weekend in hotel , so I bought a bunch of these . I tried one first and it seemed nice and working as specified . The only thing is that it 's tough folding and putting it back into it 's bag .
 I was very skeptical in purchasing an air mattress bed , but I found this to come in extremely quickly . At first , it was a bit hard to sleep on , but after I slept on it for about three days , the mattress material grew softer/more comfortable . I slept on it for three months and I loved it . Be careful though because moving causes slight squeaking noises!its really easy to use though !
 I paid under $ 40 for this mattress , and yet , it seems like its worth $ 200 . It has a built in air pump that fully pumps it up in under 45 seconds . The durability of this thing is awesome . It does n't lose air too quickly.This is a steal , please buy this , I beg you : -RRB-
 I have the queen sized version of this product . I needed the twin size for another room to accommodate more guests.I personally do n't find these mattresses to be very comfortable but its hard to consider any air only mattress very comfortable . For hosting guests for a few days , it gets the job done and inflates pretty quickly . We do find that it loses a little bit of air almost on a daily basis and just requires half a minute of pumping or so to become firm again , so keep it handy near a socket .
 The description is exactly what it says it is . The pump is super easy to use , and it inflates the mattress really quickly and is n't too noisy or anything , and the cord stores away so it 's not hanging out or anything and is really long , so it should n't be too difficult to connect to an outlet . The bed is surprisingly comfortable -LRB- it 's an air mattress , people -RRB- and holds its air really well -LRB- I sleep on it for up to a week at a time when I am visiting my bf in his dorm and I maybe need to top it off once or twice ? -RRB- . It collapses and store really easily and my bf and I agree it was a very smart investment !
 I bought this for one of my parents . Based on what she told , the bed is really nice . It is raised off the ground about a foot and a half , has built in electric pump that makes the bed ready for sleeping in about three minutes . It also has a nice raised pillow -LRB- not too much raised -RRB- . I do n't think this bed is supposed to be used every day since my mother told me that her first bed -LRB- same one -RRB- gave away/deflated after two months or so . It is more for guests or family members who come to visit with not enough beds left in the house.you can store this in a small bag or a box and put it in the closet or slide it under one of the beds in the house . This bed has a built in air pump that ca n't be taken out . Also , the bed comes with a small bag and it comes with small piece of rubber in case the bed has an air hole that you can patch up .
 This was great for our recent vacation to the snowBoth my daughters brought their beds and were quite comfortable the entire tripEasy to blow up but not easy to get back into the travel bagI rated it 4 stars for this reason
 More than pleased with this item . Did the job of the very expensive ones for very cheap i wish I had bought a queen or full size model instead of the twin but even the twin is comfortable and large enough for one person . Fills up and deflates quickly and fits back into the back without much hassle . We 'll see how it holds up over time but for the money you ca n't beat it .
 I am very happy to have bought this , suits perfect for my needs.Recommend to people who do not suffer from any back problem
 I love this very easy to set up . I live in a one bedroom apt so I purchased this for when the children come to visit . They have all said it is very comfortable to sleep on .
 Great item , use it when visiting friends or relatives in California . Folds up easy for transport and sets up really quick
 This is used for when my older son has friends stay over night . It 's easy to set up , and comfortable . Does the job flawlessly .
 This bed is perfect . Good height . Well constructed . Sturdy . Quick , easy , inflation . Comfortable . Very portable . . Love it . Use it when traveling .
 I bought this to use whilst staying at my sister in laws house for a couple weeks around Christmas . This bed is awesome ! It pumps up very quickly and is comfortable and big enough . My nephew is 6ft and 220 pounds and I 'm 5 ' 5 and 140 pounds and we could both lay on this whilst watching a movie with no problems . I used it for 2 weeks and only inflated it slightly on the second day , I think the material stretched a little during my first nights sleep to break it in and thats why it seemed like it lost air . After the second day I never had to refill it . I left it there when I went home and my nephews are still using it and love it more than their regular beds .
 Very nice product , firm and strong . Really good price . Keeps the air in full for about 4 days . I love how the air pump is integrated and easy to use .
 It worked out great . This is a long enough review . Should n't have to say more than is necessary . I wo n't want to do further reviews .
 This really worked out well for me ! It lost a little air but that is to be expected . I use this during the holidays when extra people are visiting .
 this bed is great easy to inflate and great to sleep on.Just right for the grandkids when they sleep over
 This delivered quickly and set up was simple . My overnight guest slept like a rock . A great value , great service and I know I 'll get years of use out of this as an extra guest bed .
 I was surprised at the high efficiency of this product . Love it - zero complaints . Have used it several times over the holidays for 180 pound person to sleep on .
 I tried it out and fell asleep on it . No noticeable leakage overnight . It seems to me like a good buy .
 Pumps up super fast . When you reverse the fan , it collapses super fast too and gets very flat and easy to handle . Favorite airbed so far . Easy to put away and store . Nothing negative to say whatsoever .
 I have been sleeping on this mattress for several weeks now and have no complaints . Its much more comfortable than many other mattress I 've slept on in the past . It is easy to inflate and stores the cord conveniently on the mattress . Feel like this was a great purchase .
 We have a queen size Intex airbed that we 've had for over four years , and which has been set up and taken down dozens of times , and used for periods of a week or longer , which we 've had no issues with . We needed a smaller bed for when our teenagers had guests spending the night , and this looked like the best option . On a Gold Box deal , this was a deal we could not let pass.The bed arrived well packaged without issues . The mattress has a carrying bag , which is great for storing and using when traveling . At the time of this review , we have only used this bed one time , but it had no issues , and is a comfortable bed to sleep on . We prefer the height of these air beds over the single mattress height of many airbeds on the market.The inflation and deflation times are only a couple of minutes , and folding is no problem , but when folding , one must take into account the size of the carrying/storage bag , to ensure the mattress fits into the bag properly and with ease.I am sure we will use this bed many times over the next year , and will follow up with how the bed has done over that time . At this time , I see no issues that would be a deal breaker for this bed .
 Ordered this twin to use in Hotel while visiting sick relative in other state . Two full size beds in room . . not enough room for other bed , and hotel did n't have a fold up ... took this and put it between the two full size and slept on it . . Comfortable , and so easy to put together and take down ... my husband slept on one full size and his mom on the other . . I was the most comfortable ! Love it . . and now have it for when my nephew and niece visit.Compared to an Aero . . the price was awesome and works the same way !!! Not having it directly on the floor with the elevation made it easier to get in and out ... Great deal !
 actually i love it . but i just gave 4 stars because i think its a little bit smaller than what i think .
 Very good bed I had guess over the housewas use for four days and kept all the airvery comfortable
 The airbed is easy to inflate and it holds air . It is confortable and easy to store away . I recommend it .
 Ordered 2 of these airbeds . They came in really handy when my guests arrived . I had no complaints . They were comfortable and held the air very well . The height is also good-not too high and not too low . I definitely wanted built-in pumps and these were very easy to inflate and also deflate . Also , I liked that they come in compact carrying bags . I would definitely recommend these air beds .
 I bought 3 of these and all showed the same behavior.The convenience of pumping them up with the built-in pump is incredible and they are pretty comfortable.But all 3 lost quite a bit of air the first night we used them . Not enough to wake-up at night , but it was pretty obvious the next day.I feel like the problem got slightly better on the 2nd and 3rd day , but it was not completely gone.I am not certain whether this material actually stretches still but I ca n't return them anyway -LRB- too long of a vacation :-RRB- -RRB- , so I guess I 'll find out.I had a similar queen mattress from this brand 10 years ago that I slept on for months . This one has a hole now but the pump still works and the material otherwise looks fine .
 The Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump was everything we expected . The carrying bag is a definate added feature as well as the electric pump . Had it set up in less than 5 minutes . Would definately recomment this airbed .
 My daughter is living with a couple for the summer . This was an alternative to transporting a regular twin bed 80 miles to their house . She has been very pleased with the quality and ease of use . That is a big deal with her as she has two steel rods in her back . As a college student and missions student , I 'm sure it will be used again .
 Really good product . For this price , I give it a 5 . Very comfortable and easy to use . You do have to refill the air after two nights though .
 This airbed has been under constant testing for the last ten days . First a 6 ' 1 `` tall 255lb 56 year old male slept on it for a week . He liked it better than a cot and less than a posterpedic . Said the ease of adjusting the pressure was nice . Then my 23 year old 6 ' 3 `` tall 235lb grandson slept on it for 3 nights . Got no opinion from him but I had to get him out of it at noon each day so it worked as advertised . Seems tough and pump is fast . Ran it on my 300 watt inverter plugged into my cigarette lighter and it worked fine with truck running . Took about 5 business days to receive it in good packaging . First Intex product I have purchased but will try others now . Andy from Arkansas
 Got this inflatable bed so that friends could sleepover without taking the ground . It blows itself up quickly and stays blown up for weeks . This bed has started to double as a couch in our room . After deflating it , it may be hard to get into the tiny bag again . The bed may also smell a little -LRB- like plastic tends to -RRB- when first inflated , but if it bothers you too much , just wipe it down . Initially may deflate more upon first getting it , but the plastic is just stretching . For the occasional sleepover with an extra person -LRB- or for those with the desire for a couch , this bed is a great option with an awesome price .
 i bought 2 of these beds one for me and one for my sister.even though i bought these back in march we were not able to use them until tuesday april 10,2012 . mine was very comfortable to sleep on.This is Ashley 's sister and i have to agree with her that the bed was very comfortable to sleep on.my sister and i both agree that anyone who would like to buy one or more of these beds can not go wrong we like them a lot.thanks again amazon for having great products on your web site , sincerly chrisfan .
 Very good and much better than more expensive models . Only re pump every two weeks . Even in very hot California
 I had to get rid of my bed and needed something to sleep on so I ordered this air bed . It sleeps very comfortable . I have arthritis in both shoulders , but found out that I can sleep with no pain on this air bed . I am very happy with it . The built in pump is so easy to operate . I did n't have any trouble with it at all .
 Wonderful ! Used by a `` pleasingly plump '' adult . Held up great and was comfortable . Easy to move when not in use during the day .
 This bed is so easy to use . Just plug it in , turn it on , and walk away . The pump is built in , so you do n't have to worry about keeping up with an air pump , using a hairdryer , or finding double D batteries to power your pump .
 While visiting a friend out of state I had the opportunity to sleep on an Intex Airbed . I was so impressed with the comfort and the good night 's sleep that upon returning home I asked her for information about that particular bed . As I work in a home that requires two overnight shifts , I ordered a twin size Intex Airbed hoping it would work out and I would be able to get off the short sofa and stretch out a bit ! I ordered my new Airbed and have been using it every week . I am SO pleased with the comfort , the ease of inflating and deflating , and for a good night 's sleep ! I highly recommend this product as an alternative sleep solution - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I ordered the twin-size version of this product to use when my daughter comes to visit without her husband . I am every bit as satisfied with it as I am with the higher-priced queen Aerobed that we have been using when they both visit . It is easy to inflate and deflate , has a flocked top for comfort and is raised . The quality seems very good and my daughter found it to be as comfortable as the Aerobed . I found nothing negative about this product at all -- even the price was great ! I am so glad I bought it !
 This is my mattress of choice . I got bedbugs and had to toss out my king-sized bed , and now I sleep on the airbed.Kinda wish I had more room , however for what it is , I love it .
 This is an incredible air mattress . We purchased this for a last minute house guest . It was shipped quickly . The mattress itself is very nice and comfortable . And the automatic pump makes blowing up and deflating a breeze !!! I would highly recommend to anyone needing an air mattress
 My wife and I were in need of an air bed . I had surgery on my leg this week , and it was decided that I 'd have our regular bed to myself for a few weeks . So we needed a place for my wife to sleep , as several weeks on the sofa is n't a great idea . So I set out looking for an air bed . We did n't know one brand from another , so it came down to reviews and price.There seemed to be two sticking points with people . First , did the thing come with a pump , and how did it feel ? Price too to a lesser extent . I did notice that some beds do not come with a pump , and you 're looking at an additional $ 25 on average for a decent sized pump . We were looking for something decent , I did n't want the cheapest one imaginable , but I was n't looking to break the bank either.So I happened upon this one . After reading the reviews , I decided to take the plunge . My wife has slept on it for a couple of nights , and has said it is OK . I think that 's what most people here who are ragging on it are n't taking into account . THIS IS AN AIR BED . If you buy this -LRB- or any other one -RRB- expecting it to feel the same as your regular box spring and mattress , then you 're missing the point . Air beds are n't meant to be the same . My wife says it 's comfortable enough , but she would n't want to sleep on it long term . Which is the point of these . Short term bed . It feels great . It has kind of a water bed feel to it -LRB- especially if you do n't fill it to max capacity -RRB- . The air pump is built into the unit , you basically open a hatch , take out the plug , put it in the wall , and go . You run the pump by deciding whether or not you are going to inflate or deflate it -LRB- it sucks air out too -RRB- . It filled the whole thing in about 2-3 minutes . It 's somewhat loud , but not excessively loud , so if you 're in a place where quiet is an issue , this might be a concern , but I imagine any pump would be that way.Some reviews talk about leakage or punctures . Sure , it 's got the potential for punctures , but what air bed does not ? The package comes with a puncture repair for a few minor leaks , but we have had it inflated for a week now , and have not yet had to refill it.It 's good quality , it 's cheap , and has a pump . We give it five stars , as my wife can sleep on it , and it does the job . Recommended !
 Our Guest room overflowed and we needed an extra bed . This was GREAT . Inflates fast and easy and is very comfortable . Stores away like a small suitcase . Twin sheets fit well . Very happy with the product and it will get a lot of use .
 I had this airbed shipped to my mother 's house over the holidays for out-of-state family to sleep on . Everyone commented how really comfortable and convenient it was . It only takes minutes to inflate and deflate . . the built-in pump works great . I was so happy that it did n't lose air after two weeks of use . After the New Year , it easily fit in the carrying case that comes with the mattress and packed it away in the closet for the next time !
 I must say , I have only once in the past tried an air mattress , during a sleep over , at a friends . By far this was a much better experience . I slept like a baby , also it was very conviently packaged -LRB- for travel purposes -RRB- which was an added plus.I defitnely reccomend it . I generally suffer from back problems , and my back did not hurt me at all during my 12 days vacationing.It was great.J . Gonzales
 My grandson loved sleeping on this blow up bed , he said it was so comfortable . It 's a great idea if you need xtra guest beds , because it deflates and stores so easily . It takes about 3 or 4 minutes to inflate.I would recommend this product highly .
 I purchased this airbed to have for guests . Upon receiving it I decided to inflate it first of all to be certain that the pump would do as described , second , to see if air would leak out and thirdly , to see if it is comfortable.Well all three concerns were posiitive . In fact I decided sleep on it and by gosh it turned out to be most comfortable . I have back problems and when sleeping on a conventional bed I always wake up with baqck pain . Not so with this mattress . I experienced a very restful sleep and did not feel that ever nagging pain . I recommend this mattress highly
 i am in the process of moving cross country and have needed this for several weeks , i have no backaches , and it has held the air since i filled it , i am saving it for a guest bed . . wonderful product and wonderful price
 This air mattress seems to be a great item . The built-in electric air pump makes for great convenience ; set-up and storage is accomplished with ease . The mattress itself is very comfortable , as air mattresses go . I gave it four out of a possible five stars simply because I 've only recently received it and used it just several times . cd
 I purchased this for our grand-daughter . It was easy to inflate and never lost any air . I kept it inflated for two weeks just to check , and it never lost any air . I would definately recommend it to anyone .
 I bought the bed with the idea of using it during one week while my father was visiting . It fulfilled its purpose perfectly . It 's comfortable , it inflates and deflates very quickly and it 's pretty high . There are two reasons why I am not giving it a 5-star score
 The bed is nice and soft and double thick . The auto pump is easy to use and works pretty well with new batteries . The vacuum drain does ok but when down to the base have to help it by rolling it at the end . Folding it is n't to hard and package size is n't to big so easy to store . Bed lines fit ok on it but get good one so they squeeze tight so they hang on . But for the money is a great buy I shopped around a lot target , walmart , dicks , Meijer , sears , kmart , ect . So very good buy if you want one for camping or a guest bed .
 I like this product . The power code is nicely kept in the unit so I do not have to worry about losing the power code . Kids love it when their friends come for sleep over . Quick and easy to use .
 I bought this for my daughter to use when she visits . She found it was so comfy that it was hard getting her out of it at all . It came packaged nicely & was exactly as described on Amazon . Very pleased !
 I purchased this item in January but did not get to use it until this month . It is very easy to use and is very comfortable.I have back issues and never had a problem sleeping on it . I have used a similar item in double size . This mattress is far superior . I slept on it for a week and never had to add air . Was easier to deflate than the larger one but still hard to fold up to store . The delivery was excellent and arrived ahead of estimated time .
 I am very happy with the purchase . This air mattress costs less than similar ones , is comfortable and holds air well . I recently moved into a new place and needed a temporary bed ... it has been nearly a month and I have added air maybe once or twice .
 my house is so small that i ca n't justify losing space to an extra bed . a twin air mattress was really the best solution since we only have company once or twice a year . So far , i 've only used it once . The price and the built in air pump were the main reasons for purchasing . It mostly stayed inflated , but my mom did say it could have used a little more air the second night . There is a storage compartment for the power cable , which is nice when it is inflated because there is n't the risk of someone tripping over loose cords . The mattress has just enough height on it so you do n't feel like you 're sleeping on the ground . The pictures make it seem like there is a groove for a fitted sheet to slip into , but it 's really just a seam . Not a huge deal if you have sheets with good elastic , but they might get stretched out over time . Overall , the design is compact and it does what it is supposed to do , at the right price . i 'm happy with it .
 If you have a need for an airbed on a regular basis , this is the way to go . No need to spend a fortune on batteries . It stores easily , looks great , and keeps you or your guest nice and high off the floor . Very happy with this purchase !
 I was very sceptical about buying an air bed that would n't deflate after 2 days , To my surprise I am extreamly satisfied with these . I bought 2 of them . I used one for my sons bed and the other , I put next to my couch in the living room floor . It fits really nice and level with the couch so it 's like having a big bed . It take 2 minuets to inflate and it is really built to last . The price was great and other people were charging $ 15-20 Dollars to ship them -LRB- EBAY -RRB- Amazon shipped them for free and There worth twice as much as I paid . So do n't hesitate , BUY BUY BUY LOL
 I moved into a new home and my bedroom set was or order and did not arrive , so I needed a temporary sleeping solution . This did the trick.I loved having the built in pump so all I had to do was take it out of the box , plug it in and let it fill up . It took less than 5 mins to fully expand.I ca n't really say that the &#34; built in &#34; pillow negated one having to purchase a pillow . The built in pillow had my head too low and I needed elevation so I did purchase a pillow.The bed is comfortable enough ; however , it does move around so you kind of feel like you 're on a water bed -LRB- mildly -RRB- :-RRB- . I think I would have preferred no movement . But it is temporary and works well enough that I have gotten good night 's sleep on it . I would recommned .
 I recently moved to a very small studio apt , so I got a futon at Target . Due to the small size of my place , I threw the box away as soon as I built the futon . Big mistake . The futon was the most uncomfortable thing I have ever sat on , let alone try to sleep on . I doubt Target will take it back , without a box . So I got a cheap Coleman air mattress to use on top of the futon at night . That way I figure I can still have a `` couch '' during the day . Worked pretty well for about 2 weeks till it got a huge hole on a seam . The repair patch was useless , so I decided to find a new air mattress online.The price for this one was perfect , and the reviews were possitive so I took a chance . I choose free shipping and was amazed it only took a day and a half for me to recieve it , instead of the 8-10 days my order said to expect . It took less the 2 minutes to inflate , and is extremly comfortable.The cord stores right inside a compartment built into the pump , kinda like a battery compartment . Speaking of batterys , It also has a spot built in to inflate using a hand pump , incase electricity is unavailable . Also , the repair patch included is way better then the cheap little sticker included in my original Coleman air bed , although I hope to never have need of it.At first I was concerned with the height , being taller the my old one was , but I decided to take a chance and order it anyway . Actually on top of the futon , it is the same height as a regular mattress and boxspring , so I lucked out on that as well.I 'm definately going to order a queen size for my bf and I to use for camping and Burning Man . I would say to anyone looking for an air mattress , this one is perfect .
 i purchased this air mattress to use on a camping trip because the coleman cots i took last time were hard and uncomfortable - the air mattress inflated very quickly and fit into our tent very nicely - over the weekend they stayed inflated even with people sitting on them -LRB- and some of the people were big people -RRB- - it was long enough and wide enough for a comfortable sleepthe deflation process was just as easy - flip the switch and minutes later the mattresses are flat - BUT i was not able to get them back into the package - lol - the joke was - air mattress is like having a baby - once it 's out it ca n't go back in againso far so good with these mattresses - just want to see how long i can go hole free
 This air bed is great for the price . The built-in pump allows you to add air easily . I found that if I use it more than a couple nights in a row , I needed to add air , but it was very convenient with the built-in pump . The pump is noisy , but that is to be expected . Twin sheets fit well . The top is quite bumpy when fully inflated , so you can let some air out , or add a mattress topper for more comfort . I do no care for the built-in pillow , so I just sleep with my head at the other end . My teenage son has also used it , and loves the built-in pillow , so I 'm sure that is a personal preference . Overall , I 'm very satisfied . It inflates and deflates in a matter of minutes , and come with a storage pouch that it will fit into easily .
 I was a bit skeptical about this mattress after reading some of the reviews , but it turns out that I love it ! It inflates quickly and deflates so that it can fit back into the bag with a bit of maneuvering . I took it to our state fair and it really worked out well and was a big improvement from the cots we used to sleep on . The vinyl did have to stretch out a little , but that was to be expected . After a few nights it was fully stretched out . I 'm tall , so a long mattress was important and this really did the job . It was comfortable and I never had any back pain or anything from it . All in all I would really recommend this product .
 Very easy to inflate and holds its firmness very well.The top is similar to microfiber . My backnever felt so good !
 The item arrived on time and was easy to set up . It stayed inflated the entire night and was quick to deflate the next morning . We have always been Aerobed purchasers in the past and now find this Intex to be just as good quality wise .
 This bed is great , compact and comfortable . We 've had guests who use it ask us where we got it because they want to buy it too .
 We recently moved into a smaller place . When my parents came into town , they took my oldest sons room . We needed something for him to sleep on but did n't have much room . This twin airbed by Intex is great ! I love the fact that the pump is built in . It does n't get in the way like I thought it might . My son says it 's very comfortable . It 's easy to inflate and deflate .
 This has been used by my teenage daughter for temporary sleeping during a move . She weighs about 200 pounds and is 5 ' 10 &#34; tall .
 This is the exact product we were looking for . It 's compact , self filling , and pretty comfortable . It 's perfect for traveling or when company spends the night . It provides the extra sleeping accommodations we needed . The 120v pump fills the bed quickly . The battery pump or foot pump would n't have worked well for us .
 I needed to replace my airbed but did n't want to spend a fortune . This one works great and it was very economical in comparison to the ones I found in my local bed and bath store .
 this mattress hold up well with not a lot of adding air for me and i have slept on it for a month now . it is still comfortable and is serving its purpose . i really like the convenient automatic inflate and deflate .
 The day before my guest arrived , I opened the box , took out the bed , plugged it in and it was inflated in less than three minutes . My guest slept on it for a week and I never had to add air . He said he was very comfortable and that he would buy one for his apartment to use for his guests .
 The airbed inflates and deflates very quickly -LRB- about 2 mins -RRB- . It is comfortable and allows you to adjust the firmness . It seems to lose a little bit of air during the course of the night , but not enough that it becomes uncomfortable . I sleep on this airbed at least twice a week when sleeping over my fiance 's house -LRB- strict parents -RRB- . I 've had it for about a month now . It 's definitely a good buy for the money .
 Originally purchased for visiting guests , we had to use this when the bedroom got water damage after a sudden heavy rain . The beds were very easy to set up
 It 's now 9/28/10 and I 've used this Intex Pillow Rest Twin raised Airbed since 8/6/10 . I found a spot for the bed , found that the sound level was n't terrible while inflating , not to mention that it did n't take long to do so . I unplugged the pump and used a mattress pad/cover that I bought at Target -LRB- artificial down -RRB- . The cover almost stretches down to the bottom of the mattress , but not entirely , and not enough to stay put . I just wanted something between the bed and my sheets/quilt . The odor was a bit strong , like a vinyl smell that stuck around for several days . Either the smell went away or I got used to it ; I also washed the bedding a few times , more often , in the hopes that it would rub off on it.As for re-inflation , I noticed that the bed lost air very gradually over time , so I topped it off after about 5 weeks . I may have to update this if it looses air faster , upsetting the to-be-established curve . One would suppose that I had lucked out , but upon reflection , it occurred to me that if the bed were close enough to carpet tacking strips , it would be toast . Also , the head rest area does n't do much for me , I could probably do without . I grant a 4 star review due to the fact that I have been able to actually sleep on it and it held the air longer than I ever thought it would.Update 8/5/12
 I bought this air mattress to use during a 4 month internship in New York City . It held air so well I hardly had to refill it ! I took good care of it by not sitting on it during the day , using a mattress pad , and keeping the floor clean from debris . Another intern I shared a room with bought a Coleman mattress that popped after the first month ! I highly recommend this to anyone in need of a temporary sleeping arrangement and would almost like to personally thank someone for it .
 I read many reviews on this bed before purchasing and although I was hesitant , after reading all the negative reviews about it leaking on first use etc. , I 'm so glad I took my chances and bought it.It inflates in seconds , long enough for me to leave a throw or two at the end of the bed and , most importantly of all , it is comfortable!I do have to give it a little air every couple of days depending on how firm I want it to be but it takes seconds and is no hassle.No leaks yet -LRB- crosses fingers -RRB- and it has been completely worth it for eliminating the trouble of having to buy a mattress only to have to move out of my current place in the next few months.I suspect the customers that did post negative reviews may have received a defective product .
 My husband `` watched '' me set up this bed ... very easy . He also thought it was very comfortable ... although it was for company . And no complaints from them .
 Purchased this for extra guests . We have 3 kids and they always have friends spending the night . We also travel for a club volleyball team , this bed makes an excellent extra bed -LRB- portable and easy to carry -RRB- in hotel rooms . We use it almost every weekend and have had excellent results . If the guest is over 200 lbs , does need a bit more air added each night . The pump makes set up and take down a breeze .
 I have only had the airbed for a few weeks now but so far its value for money and very firm and comfortable .
 Simply fantastic ! So easy to put up and take down . We used it as a guest bed . Our teen-age grandson said it was most comfortable bed he ever slept on ... wanted to take home with him .
 Was very impressed with this airbed . It was easy to inflate , deflate & store . Thinking of getting another one .
 I have not seen or slept on this mattress ... bought for my daughter for a quick replacment ... she tell 's me she thinks it GREAT ... I bought the twin size , and she tells me when she buys a full size it will be the same one . I have an inflatable bed she has slept on while visiting , and she said this is 100 % better . I might add my daughter is not someone who is easily pleased .
 I purchased this air matress to use in my efficiency apartment until I had enough saved to buy a good futon . I have had this for 4 months and have yet had to add more air . Granted , I am not a large person , 5.5-140lbs , but still not to have any leaks is amazing . It sleeps real well , I really hate to give it up to buy a futon because it is so comfortable . For the price you can not go wrong .3 / 19/10-I have had this for over a year now . Retired it to the closed about 8 months ago but pulled it out to use when I had a friend over and it still stayed inflated , no leaks . It really is comfortable and handy to use as a spare bed , better than a rollaway or fold up cot . I just fold it up into a plastic bag and secure it with tape and store it on the top shelf in my closet .
 Hello , We bought the Intex Pillow Rest twin bed for extra guests at Christmas . It was wonderful , quick to set up , comfortable , and easy . Thank you so much for carrying this product . Anna Blacksten-Plantz
 the bed readily and quickly inflates to the desired firmness and deflates for easy , compact storage -- it 's comfortable and perfect for those extra guests -- highly recommended
 the kids love to camp in the yard with their friends and these mattresses are strong , comfortable and so easy to set set up that even the 6 yr old can do it by himself .
 The bed is easy to set up with the internal pump and is comfortable to sleep on.When it is deflated using the pump it fits into the storage bag that came with it .
 I would n't make this my permanent bed , but for occasional use , overnight guests , vacation , etc , this bed is great . Price could not be better , and the bed is actually very comfortable . It 's got the built in pump , it 's inflated in a matter of seconds , and the height of the mattress makes it very comfortable for anyone . I definitely recommend this item .
 We purchased 2 of these for guests ' use and they are quite comfortable . The pumps work relatively quickly and quietly , and allow for good firmness in the mattress . They also held air well and needed little additions over 2 weeks ' time.Our only drawback was that the air does n't provide insulation from cooler ambient air . We keep our home cooler at night , and a guest found it necessary to cover the mattress with a heavy blanket to insulate properly from the coolness . I would recommend a mattress pad or foam topper when using this to provide some extra warmth .
 My daughters came to visit over the holiday , one used the futon and 2 used these beds . They stayed inflated for 2 full weeks with -LRB- maybe -RRB- one top-off . It worked well for the little one and the eldest -LRB- she 's the size of an adult -RRB- . Excellent stowable options for temporary beds , the pump and cord are well-hidden , the bags are convenient ... Ca n't say enough good .
 This bed is great . I use it everyday for my little.So far its still inflated and very comfortable.Recommend it for anyone who has a guess or personal use.I especially like the pump , how its connected to the bed andcan store-it inside the bed .
 while only used a couple of times , it seems well constructed , held the air pressure , was easy to inflate as well as deflate . A great value .
 Very good air mattress , have had many friends come and stay on it and it has n't lost much air . Would recommend it if you need an air mattress for visitors .
 Great purchase ! Like the title indicates , the bed both fills and deflates in less than 1 minute . Very convenient storage for the electrical cord . The bed is nice and tall and great for a sleepover or using instead of a rollaway in a hotel . Very comfortable , even for adults . Have had other air mattresses and this one is the best by far - highly recommend .
 I bought this recently , and for some reason that baffles my imagination I bought the one with the `` pillow rest '' . Unfortunately , as I was thinking when looking at it , there is really no positive effect that comes from this big bulge . Perhaps if they had put a removable cushion on top , but as it is you can not actually use it for sleeping if you forgot a pillow , and you ca n't sleep with a pillow on it because it cranks your neck into a very uncomfortable position.I 'm not too picky about beds , they just have to be big enough and pretty flat and firm . This delivers on all but the flat part . I ca n't blame intex , because Itt clearly shows you what to expect , but I can honestly say I feel a bit like an idiot for ordering this.It stays inflated , though , and is decently comfortable . IF you are looking for a bed ... then you should n't be looking at a 40 dollar inflatable one . If you are looking for a temporary sleeping thing ... then this is probably right for you -LRB- just check to see if they have one without the `` pillow '' on it -RRB- . Even if you end up getting this one , I 've found that when I reverse directions -LRB- put feet towards the pillow -RRB- I can sleep relatively comfortably without worrying about having neck problems .
 This air mattress is fabulous . I am close to 300 pounds and just had surgery . I slept on this mattress for 3 weeks during recovery and then took it camping and slept on it another 3 nights . If you have had a bad experience , it must be one of those rare mishaps during production , because I am buying another one and so are my friends . I have no issues . It holds air very well . The function of filling it up or taking the air out works perfectly and saves me alot of headache when packing and storing . Being heavy , I really appreciate Intex technology , because I really count on it , especially after surgery , when I could n't sleep in my new bed of all things . Thank you for a great product.Terry R.
 Product was delivered ahead of schedule , and everything worked perfectly right out of the box . I brought the bed to accommodate a family member who was just staying over the weekend , but found myself using it long after they had left . The bed not only was very comfortable , but the bed 's raised height , felt covering on the top , and built in pillow rest made sleeping and getting in and off of bed very easy without any strain on the back . The built in electric pump not only quickly filled the raised bed in a matter of seconds , but the auto fill/deflate button on the pump made deflating the bed quick and a breeze . I had no problem keeping the bed fully inflated and the pump 's sound was not that loud when operating . Once deflated , I had no problem refolding the bed and getting it back in the original box for later storage . I am very pleased with the product and I would purchase this item again and recommend to friends .
 This very comfortable bed could not be easier to set up . Plug it in , push the button and it fills with air to as firm as you could like . I use it as my bed when I stay at friends ' home and love it .
 One of the best air mattresses I 've owned . Extremely easy to fill and let the air out , just plug in and flip a switch . I like that it 's all one unit , the plug and air in/out take is attached and hidden in a compartment . It 's comfortable and does not loose air , even over an extended period of time .
 Really nice portable bed , I do n't wan na back sleeping in a regular bed !!! . I highly recommend this item for everybody who is looking for a good bed to be sleeping like a baby .
 This is just what I was looking for . It inflates quickly and deflates quickly , just not sure if a standard twin fitted sheet will work since we used it the first time without one .
 This product is absolutely the best air bed we 've owned . It inflates so quickly . It is comfortable and easy to deflate . I highly recommend this product .
 Love it ! this bed fits the bill . my guess like it compliments on how comfortable it is . Easy to inflate and store . An excellent buy in my book . The built in pump is a super feature .
 The pump is effective and compact because it is built into the side wall . The bed itself is comfortable for an average sized man -LRB- 5 ' 9 '' 150lbs -RRB- or smaller , but I imagine it could be overly soft or small if you are larger and heavier . The material seems sturdy , with only three nights of use so far there is really no complaints in this department . It comes with a handy carrying bag , which takes a bit of deflating and rolling to get to fit properly but its better than nothing . So far I am very satisfied with this product especially for the price .
 The bed was comfortable and filled easily . It 's only draw back was that did not fit all the way back into the carring box .
 Bought this for my daughter until we can afford a real matress . It inflates easily , is sturdy , and is actually pretty comfortable .
 I purchased this airbed for company use . I ordered it on a Monday and it was delivered on Thursday , very timely as my guests were due to arrive on Friday . I removed it from the packaging and hooked it up - very easy . It took about two minutes to fill to a comfortable firmness . I was not thrilled about the built in pillow but it 's really not that bad . I was a little disappointed that my twin sheet was too big - had to use a sleeping bag . My guest said that it was very comfortable and it did not lose any air in the four days that it was in use . All in all I am very satisfied with the performance and price of the airbed .
 This is the 3rd Intex Airbed I have bought since January of 2009 . The first one was the first time I had ever slept on an airbed . I use them for myself to sleep on every night . I leave it inflated but simply move it to another room during the day . I bought the 2nd one -LRB- which was the Deluxe -RRB- in July of 2009 . I just recently bought this 3rd one and I did n't buy the deluxe because THIS one had the Super Saver free S&H ; I love the Built in Electric pump . It makes it SO easy for me to air it up . I usually have to put a little air in it about once a week . It 's lightweight and easy to handle.The one thing that has gone wrong with the other two is in the baffles . One airbed blew out inside at the one end of it , and the other one went down the middle . The air does n't escape , but it makes for a HUGE bump or lump in the airbed !! Little bit hard to sleep on it then !! I need the extra height that it has . . it makes it pretty simple to get up off of it . There has never been a plastic smell to it . I 'm a grown woman and I fit on the twin size just fine.My one complaint is that I wish it did n't have the `` pillow rest '' . I would prefer having it completely flat as it causes my neck to hurt sometimes . I also wish there were more choices in the twin size , with the extra height . There are a lot to choose from in the queen size , but that 's too large for my house . It just would n't fit thru doorways , etc.All in all , this is a great airbed , and I will probably purchase one again when needed .
 Quickly sets up and takes down . Great sleeping and is wide enough and long enough , and most important strong enough for a 5 ' 11 '' , 230 lb . guy like me . We purchased one each for my wife and I to use when we go out on disaster relief , -LRB- as we have twice in past couple of months -RRB- . Easily compacted for storage and and stands high enough that it is easy to get on and off of . You do n't have to worry about loosing pump and having to carry an extra pillow .
 Air bed inflates and deflates fast & is comfortable to sleep on . My son 's cat has claws . But he walked on the bed without having it leak air , on the one occasion that I slept on it so far . There seems to be no need to reinflate the bed during the night .
 I have owned this bed for over a month and slept on it every night . It is really comfy and has n't lost an ounce of air since I bought it . It was really easy to inflate due to the in-built pump . I love this bed .
 I just moved out of my moms house and I did ` nt want to bring my huge bed/dressar with me so I got the airbed . Its been 2 months since I moved out and I 'm still sleeping on it . You can have it fully inflated for a very firm bed or deflate it for a softer bed . I like mine halfway deflated , its like sleeping on a cloud .
 I needed a king size guest bed solution that could be stored in a closet . When I saw this bed 's measurements were those of an XL Twin , I knew I had found my solution . I purchased 2 of them and planned to push them together to make one king bed.The twin mattress alone is unstable and wobbly but when set side by side with another twin , and used with a topper , they become more stable . In addition , I put a fitted king sheet on the bottom and top of the air mattresses to help hold them together better . I used a fitted sheet that was fitted all the way around to grip it . Then I put a cool fushion king size topper -LRB- Wal-mart -RRB- on top of the bed . That weight added more stability and made the surface feel like cloud . No more ridges or bumps from the air mattress were detectable . Then I added a king size mattress pad and 2 sheets ... that 's a total of 4 fitted on top , and 1 on bottom . Presto ! I had a king size bed that did n't wobble . Just be sure to tell your guest not to sleep in the middle and explain it is not a king bed , but 2 twins ; because when it 's made you ca n't tell it 's not a true king size bed.TIPS
 I bought this air bed to accommodate a 120 lb . guest who used it for five days . The initial fill took only a few minutes . It was really convenient . It needed only 5-10 seconds of re-inflation after 3 days to make up for lost air . Even so , we were n't sure if the bed had lost any air at all . This mattress has remained inflated for 3 weeks now without losing air as far as I can tell . I 'm happy with my purchase -- it does its job .
 My Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with built-in electric pump is convenient and very comfortable great for a one bed room apartment when you have a guest!Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump
 This bed works perfectly for me . I have a lot of family members who visit for the weekend and it is easy to set up and very comfortable .
 I needed an extra bed for a grandson 's short visit and after searching locally , decided to order this from Amazon . I 'm glad that I did because this was better quality than the ones I saw in the stores and at a good price . The bed did not lose air during his visit and was comfortable . I like that built-in pump feature because it is one less item to keep up with and it makes inflation so much quicker and easier .
 Inflates and deflates quickly . Much more comfortable than I expected . I have n't tried to fold it up yet . That could be a challenge but they included a bag so it is supposed to be possible .
 This product worked just as advertised . Inflated in less than 3 minutes , and after testing for 2 weeks , remains inflated with just minor refill of air required . Great value for the price . Highly recommended .
 Great air bed for the money . Better then I expected . Internal pump worked great both for inflating and deflating . Folds up small for travel .
 I inflated this air bed for a guest who reported how comfortable it was . The twin fitted sheet worked great and did n't slip around with the flannel surface . The installed inflation/deflation pump also worked great and was fast . My guest used the air bed for an entire week , and it never lost air or got soft . My only criticism is that the static on the rubber underside did pick up some loose dirt and dog hair that was on the hardwood floor where I placed the bed .
 My friend was coming to visit me last thanksgiving . He really liked this bed and had three nice dreams on it . Buy it and you wo n't regret .
 This mattress inflated itself in less than a minute , I did n't have to do a thing but push a button . My pets and I slept as well on it as we do our regular bed . I did put an extra blanket under the bottom sheet as the surface seemed quite cold - probably because it is sitting on a bare floor that remains extremely cold all the time . On the third day , as suggested in the directions it might , it was a little softer than I like , but took only seconds to inflate back up and it has remained nice and firm since . That was several days ago.I am very happy with this purchase and would certainly purchase another just like it should the need arise .
 While I was waiting FOREVER for my stupid movers to deliver my stuff , I had been sleeping on the floor using the 3 '' memory foam mattress pad I 'd also purchased from Amazon . But sadly it just was n't cutting it , so I bought this airbed . Put the foam pad on top and it was fabulous ! UNTIL ... one of my cats stuck a claw into the bed !!! I could n't figure out how to make the patches work and I had no glue , but since I wake up every hour from fibromyalgia conditions , I would just reinflate the bed again until it was firm . My cats loved it ! I love my cats but wanted to rip their nails out after that ! At some point I 'll patch the tiny hole and it will be good to go ! I would recommend it to anyone .
 The Intex twin sized mattress is everything , that has described it . I love the mattress as well as others , who 've tried it . Also have the queen sized mattress . Ca n't make a wrong decision with this one .
 Have used 5 air beds for children for the last month while we are in the process of moving . Beds were very easy to setup . Takes a few minutes to deflate and store , but nothing too major . Requires occasional minor re-inflation if beds remain inflated more than a few days in a row . One child had a bed-wetting issue one night and air bed was very easy to clean . Children range in age/size from 6 years to 16 years old . Out of town adult family member used a bed for a couple evenings and stated she slept very well . Highly recommended for any temporary bed needs .
 This Intex `` Pillow Rest Twin Airbed '' is easy to setup and is exceptionally comfortable for an airbed . I am `` big '' man , coming in at 250-lbs , and was concerned that that this would not support me but it held up just fine . Here are my observations : Pros - + Comfortable ; had really good sleep on this + Built-In Pump ; no need to worry about losing it + Quick Inflating ; well under 3-minutes to full inflation + Strong ; held me just fine + Height ; easy to get on and off since it raised a bit from the floorCons -- Cord does n't retract , but only a minor issueWe liked this one so much that we ordered a second one for my wife to use when traveling , which is my best endorsement.Highly Recommended!CFH
 This bed was used daily for maybe a month and did start to lose a bit of air during the night , although nothing that you could n't either sleep through or refill . It was then packed away for a few months and then brought back out again to use almost daily for several months . Again , it would slowly lose air while you were sleeping on it , so by the morning it was definitely softer . And to attempt to find exactly where the leak is coming from is yet another difficult task . If you are lucky enough to find and repair it , great , but we have n't had luck in that department.We then packed it away for about 7 months , brought it back out to use in a guest bedroom and by then the bed would deflate even more noticeably and quicker so you had to fill it during the night and hope that it would hold . But the piece de resistance or , I should say , the final nail in the coffin was one of the seams on the top portion of the mattress popped so there was a huge cylindrical lump running the length of the mattress . If a small child could handle laying on half of the mattress I guess you could live with it , but not an adult . So , the mattress is toast.All in all , we maybe were able to use it a total of 7 or 8 months -LRB- and this is with it not holding all of its air during most of this time -RRB- . So , if you need something for camping or temporary guests , etc. ... then I would say you will get your monies worth , but do n't expect ANY air mattress to last you a year or years and not have issues with losing air.If I had to purchase another air mattress , I would still stick with the Intex brand as these are considerably more affordable than the Aerobed brand , which we have also used and found they lose air at just about the same rate or even worse .
 We bought this twin air mattress for my husband to use while on a trip to New Orleans for the Youth Gathering . It was supposed to be a back up due to knowing about the lack of available beds because so many people/youth go to the event -LRB- 35,000 -RRB- . Well , he wound up having to use it for the entire 7 days and found that it was the most supportive , best quality twin air mattress he 's ever used . This is from someone who has rods in his back and finds it difficult to even sleep on hotel beds due to problems with comfort so this is very high praise for an air mattress . We both highly recommend this product ! It inflates and deflates quickly , stores nicely in the bag it comes with , and is made with durable materials . It 's not often you find an air mattress that is comfortable enough to use repeatedly for a week !
 We had family coming to visit for two weeks and needed a bed for our five year old grandson . The Intex Airbed was perfect . It was easy to blow up with the built-in electric pump . Took no time at all . Twin mattress pad , sheets and blanket fit perfect and stayed on . We did not have to add air during the two weeks . Our grandson bounced off the bed , played on the bed , and slept on the bed with no air loss at all . When our guest left the bed was easy to deflate and pack in the storage bag . I give it the highest rating and would recommend it to all who need an extra bed . This is a great product!Intex Deluxe Pillow Rest Rising Comfort Twin
 I took this with me on a vacation for our guest to use . But , it is so comfortable that it turned out that I used it the whole week and gave the guest the actual regular mattress bed and used this air mattress instead . I have used it for 3 different 1 week vacations and have had no problems with it . It even deflates electrically so it fits back into the travel bag it came with . Amazing deal .
 this product is amazing i took it camping and loved every minute of it ... it is a great product and very comfortable ... the pictures show it to have a manual inflating pump like most inflatables but this one does not have that port . Not a huge deal just thought needs to be exactly what is in picture but the actual mattress is amazing and i would definately buy one again
 I move between places a lot and hence ca n't afford to buy permanent bed frames and mattresses . I wanted to buy this portable bed and use it for everyday sleep and also as a standby couch . It 's been serving the purpose well so far for the couple of weeks . I 've got ta wait and see if any major leaks occur in the future.Here 's the reason for the missing star . It never becomes flat or very saggy , but needs air top up daily for sure . Especially since I 'm using this also as a couch to sit , sometimes I need to inflate it for a couple of minutes before going to sleep to get the firmness I want . Of course it is absolutely not as comfortable as a box spring mattress on a frame , but I can assure that this is definitely worth the bucks if the need is an inexpensive temp bed for everyday use.By the way , this very same model costs $ 89 in Walmart when I checked , hope now it is not !
 I purchased this for extra guests this summer . They remarked how much more comfortable it was than other blowup beds . It was also extremely easy to inflate and deflate quickly .
 I was quite apprehensive in getting an Intex air-bed due to its reviews on leakages and stuff . My product was fine and it did not give any problems to-date . I got this for my sister when she came and stayed with us during her break . SO far she has been sleeping on it for the past one month and she has not pumped air in since then . Initial pumping was easy and quick . How i wish it is an in-built battery operated one ! The good thing abt this bed is that it has a nice height . The disadvantage is that it wobbles when you move from side to side . Besides this , it is great !
 Used while camping for a week and was delighted by the level of comfort and the ease of inflating with the built in pump ! Air loss for me was in line with the many other airbeds I have owned , and with the built in pump , made it easy to top it off every other day or so . Highly recommend this great affordable air mattress !
 Great quality . I 've had it for about a month now , and I rarely have to refill it . I 've been using this air mattress as a bed , and it is comfortable and easy to use . The built in pump is convenient and fast .
 I 'd highly recommend this air mattress . The pump is embedded in the air mattress , which is super convenient . It inflates in a jiffy . The air mattress also seems to hold air well . It 's very comfortable , with a `` pillowtop '' of sorts on top of the main mattress . Does the job very well !
 I bought this to have for overnight guests to my small apartment . I read a lot of reviews and went to some stores looking for the best features . I found this on Amazon and it seemed to be one of the best available . It 's in my office at work at the moment where I sometimes stretch out on it and work on my laptop so I can prop up my feet . It holds the air well , and only needs a top-up every couple of weeks when I leave it blown up . The pump is not too loud , and it 's very easy to work . The electric cord is a bit short , but I got an extension cord for it so I can orient it without worrying about where the outlet is -LRB- it always seems to happen that I want to place it facing away from the outlet -RRB- . Lots of people have plopped down on it and declared it very comfortable while discussing work issues with me .
 This has saved me when visitors come for it 's SO easy to fill , and it 's comfortable for everyone - in fact , the thought has crossed my mind that I should sleep on it and give others my bed !
 This Intex airbed is a lot cheaper than the Aerobed -LRB- twin for 99.00 -RRB- I had.The pump is headen and out of the way.I purchased this because my family is going on vacation.I am thinking about purchasing the queen next for sleepovers .
 IT work great no leaks I 'm a big guy and used it for 3 weeks , Slept good .
 I am very pleased with this airbed . My guests do n't feel like they are sleeping on the floor and they can easily get in and out of bed . I always ask how they slept and all have said it was very comfortable .
 This product is worth the price I paid.Its large enough and very comfortable.Very easy to inflate .
 Things I liked
 Durable and EXTREMELY comfortable . Loses a little air over extended use , but adding air very easy .
 I am in Iraq and this mattress is great . It is 100x more comfortable then the things they call mattresses over here .
 I needed an extra bed for guests during a family visit . The airbed was quick and easy to inflate and comfortable for sleeping . The elevated height makes it easier for adults to get on and off . It did lose some air each night , but it was not a problem . Be aware that the built-in pump and electric box on the side do interfere with placement of any fitted sheet or matress cover . Best to use a flat sheet instead of a fitted sheet on the bottom .
 I bought this air bed as a third bed for hotel room stays while on vacation . The built in air compressor was a plus as I did not need a seperate unit to carry around . What I did not expect was how comfortable this air mattress really is ! With the built-in pillow and the ability to adjust the air this is a real winner . The price is right and with the bonus carry bag it 's an exceptional value ! I would recommend this to anyone needing that extra bed ! My 15 year old son uses it in his room for sleep-overs as well and they fight to see who gets to sleep on the air mattress !
 I received this as promised on time . I was thrilled at how easy it was to set-up . Biggest issue was the plug area is very small -LRB- making it hard to put the cord back -RRB- . The pillow area is smaller than it looks in the picture but since we had pillows it was n't an issue and would do just fine in a pinch . I am so glad that this ended up to be a great first purchase for me . I would suggest it to a friend and actually have . My sister is thinking of purchasing one as well since she was the 1st person to sleep on it and thought it was awesome . Nice product for the price .
 I have had this for almost 6 months and there has been no problems . For $ 40 , I think that is a good deal . Folding it up is a bit hard with the pump inside the mattress , but I guess that is the case with any model like this.It was surprisingly cheap . I remember agonizing over if I should spend more money or go with this one ... I seems to be fine.That being said , I have only used this indoors . I will do some tent camping in the summer , I think it will be fine for that also .
 I love this bed ! It is comfortable , it has an electric pump , and a velvety soft top . Plus the best part is it stores nicely .
 Pro 's / Con 's : Con 's first . It 's an air mattress , so eventually it 'll get a leak -LRB- this is of course expedited if you have cats who LOVE to play on it when inflated -RRB- . But the patch kit works perfectly and the bed will be up and running again soon . Side note - if you realize the bed has a leak , USE THE PATCH KIT . I 've tried plenty of other things , only the patch kit will fix a leak.Pro 's . It 's cheap , inflates to a high level -LRB- meaning no waking up with your butt on the ground -RRB- , and has an internal motor that conveniently stores the cord when not in use . One reviewer mentioned feeling the motor as a lump in the bed , but this simply is n't true unless you were to sleep on the bed while it was super deflated . The bed comes with a tote , so if you read the instructions on how to fold it properly when it 's deflated , you can stow away rather quickly and easily.I would buy this bed over and over again , perfect for overnight guests in my NY apartment .
 We love this air bed ! It 's our 2nd Intex twin and now we use them together to make a king bed ; add a mattress pad , king sheets , and comforter and anyone can be very comfortable . It 's easy to get up from , not like a low air mattress , even for a 60-year-old ! They do n't lose air as some have indicated in their reviews ; I leave them plugged in and with a flip of the switch check them each morning when I make them up and I can not add any new air ! We have unfurnished rental property all over that we stay in when we must do maintenance by bringing our `` king '' bed with us , saving over $ 100 each day on hotel bills ! The 2 twins paid for themselves in one night 's savings ! They easily roll down and fold into the size of the storage bag after deflating them with the built-in pump in reverse , store and travel in a very small space ; I tucked them under the back seats of our SUV . I 'm 100 % satisfied with this product and thanks !
 Shopped a lot for air mattresses . . on internet , and in stores . Other folks opinions eliminated some , cost eliminated others . At first I thought I 'd get a queen -LRB- for husband and myself -RRB- then decided on 2 twins . Getting a taller one -LRB- double high -RRB- seemed the way to go . . getting up off the floor would not be fun . I decided on these . . we slept on them for 5 nights , we re-inflated once , just a little , just because we made them too soft the first time . Inflation was a snap , and they deflated quickly -LRB- when we wanted them deflated -RRB- , and stored easily in their carrying bag . Best of all , they were very , very comfortable . We left them at my son 's one-bedroom apt , for others to use when they visited him . We had extra-long sheets from his dorm bed , so that was easy . . Did I mention these mattresses are extra long ... wonderful feature . My husbands feet were n't hanging off ! -LRB- but regular sheets would work -RRB- . Going w / the 2 twins was the way to go . A great investment for under $ 40/each . Shipping was fast , although I did pay the extra $ 6 , because I needed them fast . Some reviews complained about the built in pillow ... we did n't mind that feature at all .
 Shipping was fast and good . The mattress is comfertable and since last one month i did n't find any leakage or bulge so far .
 This bed is easy to inflate/deflate , comfortable to sleep on , even has its own bag for storage , excellent product
 I had one of these and I slept on it daily for almost 9 months . At some point , it got a hole in it , not sure if I did it or it was because it was getting old . It 's difficult to find the hole . The beds come with a patch kit though . I still have n't spent the time in finding the hole and patching it up . I bought another bed to replace the one damaged and I plan to use the old one when I discover and patch the hole .
 Purchased this for every other weekend guest . Fast to inflate . High off the floor . Large enough if you turn over your not on the floor . Pump works great .
 This air mattress does great in a pinch . It airs up quickly and has the convenient electric pump . It is also comfortable to sleep on . I like the height on it so you do n't feel as you you are sleeping on the floor . We took this air mattress with us on a trip where there were a few of us sharing a hotel room ; it was nice to have the extra bed and much more comfortable than the cot offered by the hotel . My son uses the mattress for when he has friends spend the night and it is very convenient . For the price of this air mattress , I could not be happier . It shipped fast , and it packs up nicely as well . Fits in a duffel bag for travel purposes .
 Love it ! When the boys come home and bring their friends , everyone has a bed !!! They roll up small and tight for easy storage . Also , they are very comfortable . I will even inflate one so I can enjoy sleeping by the warm fire on very cold nights .
 I bought this for the holidays for my granddaughter-8 . The set up was very easy , it took me only a few minutes to set up . I like the height of the bed and the firmness of the mattress . I would not mind sleeping on it myself . Deflating was easy too . it would be nice if they had a roll on bag to go with it , easy to transport and store . Great value . Would definitely recommend buying this .
 I crossed all my crossables in hopes that this airbed would work like I wanted it to . And it did !!!! I was amazed at how quickly it inflated ... just plug in and flip the switch ... how easy is that ! it was used by my 200 lb nephew who 's 6 ' 3 '' and he said he slept like a baby . So glad I took the plunge and ordered this .
 We had never used an Intex product before and have been very pleasantly surprised . The bed is comfortable and so easy to inflate & deflate .
 I purchased this air mattress for use when we have a full-house of guests . It received a lot of use during a seven-day period around this past Christmas . Because of space limitations , it was necessary to inflate the mattress each night and deflate it the following morning . -LRB- However , it was only folded in half to get it out of the way . We did not fold it into a small square that will fit into the storage bag . -RRB- TheIntex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pumpperformed to our satisfaction . No burst seams nor slow deflation during the night -LRB- as others have reported -RRB- . Our guest -LRB- a teen -RRB- said that it was fairly comfortable . I had tried this air mattress immediately after purchasing it , and found that it was tolerable . Of course , I 'm considerably older -LRB- and less flexible -RRB- than my teen guest.The unanswered question is
 I recently purchased the Intex Air Bed for use of a temporary mattress . Upon sleeping on it , I was surprised and impressed on how supportive it was . The built-in air pump was relatively quiet and easy to operate . I have n't had any leaks or problems with the air pump . I really enjoy the added feature of adjusting the firmness of the mattress . I 'm seriously considering buying a larger version when I move into my new house . For the price and quality , Intex is number one with me !
 Listen ... this is an airbed , so dont expect it to be as comfortable as a ` regular ' bed . It is n't . Having said that , I really like the fact that it inflates in under 30 seconds with the electric pump -LRB- you could also fill it up manually but that might take more than 30 seconds -RRB- and you can adjust how firm or soft you want it to be just by flipping a switch . It does make a bit of noise when inflating ... comparable to a vaccum cleaner , but thats a minor inconvenience . I use it for friends when they want to crash at my place , have n't had any of them complain .
 My brother was coming to visit me and I needed a guest bed . I decided to go for this one that seemed comfortable and had a great cost / benefit ratio . It inflates very quickly . I definitively recommend .
 This is a great product for the price . I would recommend getting a storage container so you do not damage the bed . I inflates and deflates within a few minutes . Very comfortable for occasional use .
 I purchased 2 of these mattresses when my 2 teenage nephews came to visit with me for 2 weeks . They had no complaints . They really liked the fact they could easily inflate & deflate them . They toted them to the beach where they stayed a couple nites over a friends house . I would definitely recommend this item . I have another queen size inflatable that is bulky and takes to long to inflate with a portable pump . This model is extremely convenient . The boys loved having a bed to take with them anywhere they wanted to go .
 I 'm recommending this bed for guests , not for a permanent bed . All of these types of beds that I 've encountered leak some with use , but this one is very easy to re-inflate as needed -LRB- plug it in and turn the switch on the bed to inflate -RRB- . The automatic de-flation is what I really like -LRB- plug it in and change the switch on the bed to deflate -RRB- . It deflates very quickly.I was even able to fold it into the little sack that comes with it.An adult relative has been sleeping on this bed for two months -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- and it has been very comfortable for him . It 's much easier to deal with than a roll-away bed .
 I recently bought a single air mattress and it is so soft and comfortable . Was shipped exactly as promised and the price was right.S . Tate
 This unit appears to be made of high quality components and materials . The height of the bed makes it function more as a normal bed in terms of firmness , in comfort while sleeping and presence in the room . I have used mine so far for one week in a hotel instead of a roll away bed , and for one week camping outdoors . The bed has not lost air . Given its relatively low cost , I feel I have recovered the value of the purchase price many times over already in cost savings in the hotel . The maid staff put fitted a standard fitted sheet on the bottom and it stayed in place through the night each day . While camping with it I felt confident that it would function well . Prior to the trip I bought one for my wife . She shares my positive evaluation of the bed . The longer it lasts now the happier I will feel , from an already satisfied state . Next use is in my son 's new place in which the guest room is yet to be furnished . My wife and I do n't like sleeping in the same bed , waking each other up too much , so the two twin setup is ideal . Now , if it only made me stop talking in my sleep ...
 we purschased this item for visits from our grandchildren . works great for extra sleeping spaces . best part was deflateing with the kids on the unit and being swallowed in the bed.easy to inflate and deflate due to electic pump . highly recommend this product .
 Recently I 've got this air bed for my guest.It includes electronic pump and it takes about 5 ~ 7 mins to completely put an air for using.No leaks and it stands for a month , but after that period , there were some air leaks . But it 's ok ! recommand !!!
 I purchased this to use @ our Son 's while taking care of Grandchildren . It was so easy to set up , so comfortable . I may purchase another to keep @ my home . Great extra sleeping for those unexpected guests . I slept on this for three weeks , never had any proble . Great product , great value . Val , from Mo. .
 Best air bed ever . . Intex makes excellent products and stand behind them . Got this bed yesterday and with out a doult best night sleep I have had . Adjusting the bed to fit your comfort is just a simple turn of the knob to release a tad of air or push the button a sec for a tad more firmness . . This one was for the guest room . But it is going to be my main bed from now on . Ordering another today for the guest room . .
 I was nervous about buying this air mattress because of the mixed reviews here on Amazon , but I needed a cheap one quickly for my brothers visit . This air bed was great ! My brother slept fine , and we did n't really have to inflate for more than a few seconds the whole time he was visiting -LRB- 4 days -RRB- . I kept the bed in my living room for a couple of weeks after he left as a spare couch/sitting area and I never did re-inflate . I also fell asleep on it more than once and found it to be very comfortable . For the price it 's great .
 This mattress is absolutely a best buy for me as I basically use it when I just need to find my own space . It 's affordable , easy to inflate , even easier to deflate and simple for anyone to do .
 Great bed !! Plugs in and fills up quickly . -LRB- less than 2 minutes -RRB- I have used it everyday for about 3 weeks . Just plug in and air pumps automatically -LRB- flip switch -RRB- into mattress in about 15 seconds once a week to firm up . Pillowtop too .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT TO REPLACE THE ONE THAT I HAD WORN OUT FROM TRAVELING , HOTEL BEDS JUST DO N'T WORK FOR ME SO , I ALWAYS CARRY MY OWN . SO FAR I AM VERY PLEASED WITH IT . I HAVE ONLY USE IT ONCE , AND I SLEPT WELL ON IT . IT HAD A NICE BAG TO KEEP IT IN . . I HAVE THE TWIN SIZE AND IT INFLATES AND DEFLATES VERY FAST . . I WOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN .
 I love this air mattress so much . It is so easy to inflate and deflate and it is quick too . It is very sturdy and durable as well . Over all it is an excellent gift to anyone who expects to travel and stay over at someone 's place or even if you have a lot of guests yourself
 Its a very comfortable bed . I bought this one because of the built in pump and was happy to find that it doubles as a vacuum pump to rapidly deflate the bed when you need to pack it away.Being an air bed it is really light when inflated . It should not be used on the edge of high places or staircase case .
 Very happy with purchase . My sister was comming for an extended visitand I have only one bedroom , bought this bed and it is perfect.It 's been inflated for about 2 weeks . . lost a little air over the two weeks , but I think that is normal.Very comfortable . Inflates in minutes .
 I would recommend this air mattress . I ordered two of them for occasional use at a `` cabin . '' They arrived in good time and good shape . I noticed that they are slightly longer than some others -LRB- 80 '' instead of 76 '' -RRB- . We have n't used them enough to know how durable they are , but I would definitely recommend this air mattress for occasional use .
 A great item , perfect for family or friend visits.Good value , good quality .
 This air matress is perfect when you have last minute guest sleeping over . It is very comfortable and the built in pump is very handy .
 I have only used this product 3 times so far . I purchased two twin size mattresses and they are very comfortable . They have a built in electric pump and blow up to full size quickly . They blow up to almost couch height . In short ... so far it is a good purchase for the $ .
 I was looking into the Areo beds but for what I wanted it for they were a little high . I looked into the Intex because they parralled in quality for more then 2/3 less in cost . Quick set-up faster then what they say / soft top / heavy material / with easy deflate . Perfect for over night stays and very comfortable.Love it !!!
 This bed was purchased as a spare bed for short time visitors as we are limited in space in our Park Model RV . We needed someting that did n't take up much room to store and yet was comfortable enough so that as person could get a decent nights sleep on it . After reading all the reviews I could find , I deduced that some of these beds were faulty -LRB- like all things -RRB- and that they tended to deflate overnight , but , that most were fine . Our bed has met all of our expectations and is fine , comfortable and holds the air . I would highly recommend this product !!
 This bed is awesome , perfect size , pump works great just a bit noisy like a vaccuum cleaner , ordered it on friday got monday the next week even though i used standard shipping -LRB- 3-5 business days -RRB- .
 I needed this for a Scout outing , had no idear about air mattress . I wanted something easy to carry and not to many items . This air mattress is true to it 's word . Just like my home bed , comfort and ease of sleeping . Ease for filling and letting air out . Going to order another one that is larger .
 My dog is getting up there in years and has stiff joints . I was looking for a good bed for her and most of them started at $ 50.00 for a dog her size . I wanted something that would support her and lift her a bit off the floor . This bed came in and I filled it in less than a minute with the electric pump . I put a blanket on top of it and my dog 's bone so she 'd know it was hers . Now , three days later , she is in love with it ! I can tell she 's very comfortable on it as she is not constantly getting up and turning around trying to find a new position . She just gets on the bed , streches out and snoozes!By the way , I can tell this would make an excellent extra bed for humans as well . I laid on it and found it very comfortable . It is as high as a regular sofa off the floor , so , it 's pretty easy to get up from it.I 'm glad I made this purchase and Amazon had it here in 2 days . I 'm pleased and my dog is pleased .
 Really great airbed , comfortable , easy to inflate , portable . Seems to deflate rather quickly but only takes 5 seconds to refill .
 I bought this to keep under the bed in my toddlers room . Was packaged great , blew up fast . . less than three minutes and was n't a problem to deflate either . The bed itself is ok , I would n't say COMFY because it is an air mattress and i n't meant for long term use , but as far as air beds go . . this one is nice .
 I have n't slept on this bed yet but I inflated it , tested it and deflated it . It inflates quickly and completely and provides a comfortable surface . Even though the pump reverses to deflate the bed , the process is somewhat difficult as you have to roll it from the bottom to get the air to the deflation pump . It retains some air and does n't fold as small as when you first get it , but it does fold small enough to fit inside the carrying bag . I ca n't comment on its durability because I have n't had it long enough .
 very good product at an excellent price.Just what we needed for times when the grandkids sleep at our house.It blows up in a few minutes , no need to use the pump to let the air out , just turn the valve , the air comes out on its own in a few minutes .
 The Intex bed is a fantastic value . It holds air for a month at a time , and be adjusted while laying on the bed . One caveat -- Do Not OverInflate . The internal webbing can rip during use when over inflated , resulting in bulges on the surface of the bed . This I am sure is not exclusive to this brand .
 Good afternoon I would inform them that the item was received in perfect conditions , and they estimated the time , so I give the maximum score . thanks
 Our first one lasted about 2 weeks and the kids overloading it caused the seams to give out . Keeping the kids from jumping on it has resulted in it lasting with constant use . Holds inflation well only needs an occasional touch of air to keep it firm .
 I bought this for my daughter , she loves it . It 's easy to inflate and deflate . It 's of the ground which makes it better on the draft you feel by laying low on the floor . She only needed a twin and it 's very sufficient . Would recommend to anyone .
 I received this air bed over two months ago and we love it . I bought it for my granddaughter to sleep on and it 's the easiest thing to set up and take down to put away . I put a mattress pad on under the sheets and she says she would rather sleep on the air bed than her regular bed because it that comfortable . No leaks so far . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Bought the Intex pillow rest for visits/visitors . Inflation is quick , quiet and easy . Deflation works the same . Slight loss of air by early morning . Fits back into tote nicely , take an extra moment when flattened to tuck the sides between the upper and lower fabric , fold in thirds length wise , then role from bottom toward pump/pillow end . Easy to tote and store .
 The bed works wonderfully . I did n't like the built in pillow feature , so I turned it around and sleep very comfortably .
 I bought this to replace my queen size Intex bed that exploded inside -LRB- only lasted 6-8months ... -RRB- . I like the twin size way better because it feels more reliable with full air than the queen size . I think the queen size was just too big that too much weigh in one area caused the explosion inside . The twin size is just perfect and it makes my room look even bigger . If you 're looking for a bed for just yourself , this should be perfect !
 We received the airbeds just in time for the grand-kids - 12 and 8 yr . olds - visit . They spent a week using the beds for sleeping , playing , watching videos , etc. . They loved it ! The mattresses were very comfortable . They filled up quickly . We did refill them almost every day for 30 seconds , and that 's fine . Once the kids left , we were able to fit them in the closet shelf , til the next visit .
 It arrived faster then i thought , took like 4-5 days with the free shipping . its for my teenage son , until we can get him a normal bed . so fare he likes it , it almost feels like the real thing , its a little narrow . but works good . his room is small but it fits perfect leaving him with plenty of space . i would recommend .
 It was a c \ very comfortable sleep , I just thought it might have lost a TINY bit of air at night
 I bought this to use in our travel trailer when someone accompanies us on a trip . -LRB- you know , extra grandchildren -RRB- It worked out beautifully . Does n't take up much space yet the sleeper is comfortable as though in a regular twin bed . During the daytime , we put the inflated bed on top of our bed so it was out of the way . Very easy to move around.We found we needed to bring it home as we had more grandchildren visiting and needed the extra bed.A great investment . My only negative is it 's a little noisy when the sleeper moves around on it .
 Great product , very comfortable , and easy to inflate . Deflation takes a bit more time than inflation , but nothing too terrible . I 've used it on two different occasions and have had no problems . This is my first air mattress and I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 Hubby goes to a huge pig-roast with retired and active navy guys every year . Bunks in the campers are prized beyond all else -LRB- except the kegs -RRB- . Our friend was dumped after one of the guys decided at the last minute to not bring his camper . I had a trail of Amazon prime so I quickly ordered this mattress . It was delivered on time . It blows up pretty quick and was very comfortable -LRB- was used by two different people on different nights -RRB- . It holds air well and over a 3 day weekend only needed a quick shot of air once . I think the only complaint was it was a tad bouncy and one of the sleepers fell to the floor -LRB- maybe had something to do with the drinking -RRB- . When deflating make sure it does not suck onto itself or the pump gets whiny . Fits well in it 's well constructed carrying bag . Glad to have made the purchase . Highly recommend for a spare rack .
 This is our second Intex air bed and we have been very happy with both the Queen and Twin . Would order it again . Very easy to inflate and deflate
 I purchased this bed for a vacation trip to my sister 's lake house with my grandsons . The bed is so easy to inflate and deflate no pumps or valves . I highly recommend this product .
 bought this to add extra beds to our new summer condo , and they were easy to set up and take down . great value for the price
 THIS AIR BED IS GREAT ! I HAD PREVIOUSLY PAID WAY MORE FOR THE `` A -- O '' BRAND , BUT THIS ONE IS EVERY BIT AS GOOD AS THE MORE EXPENSIVE ONE . I AM A GAL WITH A `` MATURE '' FIGURE , AND IT -LRB- TWIN -RRB- ONLY LOST A LITTLE AIR . WITH THE ELECTRIC PUMP , NO WORRIES ! JUST A HINT FOR SOME OF YOU WITH BAD KNEES LIKE I HAVE ... I PLACED TWO CAMP COTS SIDE BY SIDE AND LAID THE MATTRESS ON TOP . PERFECT FOR THESE TIRED OLD KNESS AND BODY TO GET UP AND OFF OF . KUDOS ON THIS AIR BED !
 I ordered this over the holidays because my mother and sister were visiting and I needed additional sleeping space . I 'm very happy with my purchase ... easy assembly , take down , and storage !
 It kept air and was comfortable . I had 2 different guests sleep on it and commented how comfortable it was .
 Sleeps great , no complaints there . The only drawback is that it loses air and needs to be re-filled . That is n't much of a problem though with the electric pump , so long as you have a power outlet available .
 Ordered two and tested them out
 I bought one and it was so easy to use and quick to inflate , that I ended up buying one for a family member as well . The pump is build right into the mattress so you do n't have to worry about misplacing the pump as with many other air mattresses . Inflates in just a few minutes and the pump is not as loud as other pumps I 've had in the past .
 I bought this air bed for the purpose of daily use for 3 to 4 month period , so my point of view is from keeping it inflated since day 1 . The bed was super easy to inflate . Just plug in the attached cord in an outlet , make sure the valve is turned towards closed to keep in the air , and press the on switch on the bed . In under 3 minutes my bed was inflated to my desired firmness . I 've been using the bed for about a month , and so far so good . I sleep comfortably , and I 'm no featherweight either , so it 's important to me that the bed be able to provide support , which it does . I would highly recommend this bed so far . Will update if a problem develops but so far , after a month of daily use , it 's still going strong .
 I downsized and lost my guest room . But now the grandkids fit just perfectly in my office . And the sheets stay on .
 Buy this with confidence . We know own 2 and they are both great . Out of the box they inflate properly , last and are problem free
 I am living in DC and needed a mattress for my 3 month stay . This has worked perfectly and I could not be happier with this product - HIGHLY RECOMMEND !!!!
 I ordered this Airbed to set up next to my whelping box while waiting for puppies to arrive . I wanted something comfortable since I knew I would be spending a lot of time on it for the next couple of weeks . This bed is FANTASTIC , inflates in less than a minute to any fill that suits and deflates just as easily . I even had plenty of room for my Chihuahua to share my bed ... . Highly recommend this item and seller ... arrived swiftly and safely .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old . It 's a nice height and is durable . I love the fact that the pump is built in and has a spot inside the mattress for cord storage . It does n't take long to fill up and the air does n't leak out . It 's quiet compared to other air mattresses we 've used that have separate pumps .
 I purchased this to use for one overnight when I was visiting my friend in another state . It 's very easy to transport , the mattress , pump , and power cord are all well contained , and it comes with a bag for storage . Set up is incredibly easy and it only takes a few minutes for the bed to fully inflate . Sleeping on the bed was very comfortable for the one night I stayed on it . You ca n't feel the pump through the mattress and the built-in pillow is an amazing addition . Folding it back up can be a little frustrating , but if you follow the procedure in the instructions it makes it easier.I 've only slept on the mattress for one night , but from what I 've seen so far , I 'm very happy with it .
 purchased for my sons room for his friends to sleep on . Love the ease of not having to attach an air compressor to blow it up . My 14 year old can do it all by himself . Next day a very small amount of air is gone but that 's normal . Very happy
 Yes , I would highly recommend purchasing this air bed . It was very comfortable for one person and easy to handle . The power pump installed makes it quit efficient as well . I have already shared with a couple of people how convenient this air bed is .
 With a bad back , it is difficult to get off the floor when using an air mattress . The height of this solved that issue for me . The first mattress we received , leaked and I spent one very unpleasant night . But Amazon paid the costs of shipping it back , and the new one is doing well .
 I purchased for my guest room for overnight stays for family members.this holds up very well especially for grandchildren
 I order and this for my granddaughter and anyone else who needed to spend a nite , this is amazing , its off the floor the sheets stay in place , so easy to electricy blow up and also to take the air out , wow , when I wanted this at first I went to walmarts they wanted this price for just the air matteress , this came at a lower price with the built in pump , came ontime and I would tell anyone who needs one this is the best
 This air mattress works great and is very sturdy as well ! It has a quick acting blower on it that has worked flawlessly . The mattress airs up in just a couple minutes and has never had a leak what so ever.It comes with a spare patch and a storage bag . The stock storage bag is a bit small so a duffel bag is used to make sure the air mattress is not ripped trying to cram it into the stock storage bag . This air mattress is collapsed and stored every day and has never faulted once . I 'm told it is quite comfy as well.The price on this was the best I could find on the internet for a twin air mattress with a self contained electrical air pump . If your looking for an air mattress , give this one a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Excellent workes great and very sturdy to sleep on . The fact that the pump is built in is the best feature
 I ordered this for a friend who was displaced and has had to start over . He had a Airbed from a store but kept having to bring it back due to leaks and other problems . This bed looked much more comfy and with my Prime discount I sent it to him . Within the two day time frame it arrived and as soon as the other bed sprung another leak he put it to work . He says it 's very comfy compared to the other so if he 's happy I 'm happy with the product
 bought the same product in a retail store and paid $ 10 more a few months prior . we needed something comortable for visitors - meets the need . fast and easy set up and break down . just what we were looking for at an affordable price : -RRB-
 Decent product . I had to sleep on it for a few nights and I survived . It is comfortable enough to pass out on It stayed inflated the whole night and deflates well . It comes with a sack for storage , though my folding skills are pretty lame , so fitting it into the bag is a challenge for me .
 My daughter purchased this airbed for my long weekend visit to her one bedroom apartment . For three straight nights , I slept great . It did n't hold all its air all that time but what air mattress would ? With the built-in pump , I just had to throw the switch and within seconds it was firm , comfortable and ready for another night 's sleep.I also want to mention how easy this bed was to get out of . I have arthritis in my knees . Because this bed is the height of a mattress and box springs , I was able to get up and down easily . This also made it a great place to sit . This product is absolutely worth the money !
 I ordered 2 of these for some guests visiting for a couple of days , and they looked like a good balance -LRB- not the very cheap/manual pumps and not the very sophisticated ones that cost almost like a new bed -RRB- ... PROS - Very compact packaging . You can -LRB- with some effort even put it back in the bag , as show in the photos/ads -RRB- - Good and intuitive pump -LRB- just turn left/right to inflate/deflate and plug in the power outlet -RRB- - Wide enough . Although it 's a twin , sometimes these twin air mattresses are tiny and can fit only kids . This is a really good side bed.CONS - The top of the bed is not flat/smooth -LRB- has the wavy look as you can see if you look closer in the photo -RRB- . So it 's best to have a thich sheet on it , to make it feel even.Overall , a good value , doesnt take too much space and pump makes it easy/quick to set it up
 The only thing that kept this from being a 5 star rating was that the bed loses air through the night . Not a lot , but enough to comment . Other than that , it 's quick , easy and comfortable . I would recommend it for those who need a quick spot to sleep .
 I am very happy I decided to buy this matress . I was sleeping on it for about three weeks and it was super comfortable . I definitely recommend it !
 I was delighted to have found this umbrella at such a good price . To top it off , shipping was free ! I received my shipment very quick and plan to do more holiday shopping this way .
 I 've had this tent over a year and used it enough to let you know that for this price , there 's probably not a better tent out there unless you need something designed for cold weather . I 've camped out in this tent down to about 38 degrees with a decent sleeping bag and felt no ill effects.The tent is a pretty basic dome tent that takes about 15 minutes to get up using the included poles and stakes . A nice feature on this tent is the two `` legs '' that extend from the basic dome . They have easy access from the outside and they 're great for storing gear that would otherwise take up valuable floor space.The tent is made from a lightweight nylon with a heavier , tub style bottom to keep the moisture out . The tent itself has open windows/vents on top but when covered with the supplied fly it does feel like an enclosed tent . I 've camped in this through a night of rain and we remained dry inside with our gear . The zippers on the doors and windows worked normally without any complaints and did there job as well.While this tent is listed as being able to sleep 4 people , it would be a very tight squeeze . I fit a queen size air mattress in it with not much room to spare except for the `` legs '' . To me , this is more of a 2 or maybe 3 person tent but I think you would be hard pressed to fit 4 people in.The tent comes with all the necessary poles and stakes and stores in the included storage bag . The assembly instructions are actually sewn onto the storage bag so there always there if you need them.I would have given this tent 5 stars but , it should n't be listed as a 4 person tent . However , for a 2/3 person tent that is n't going to be used for extreme conditions , this tent is a great buy .
 Maui Jim 's can not be beat , hands down . I got the chestnut frames with the bronze lenses . Any pair of Maui Jim sunglasses you really ca n't beat as far as polarization and look . No matter how much sun there is , I can not see any glare with these things , it 's amazing . Worth every penny .
 This is a very effective toy . After rolling a few 7 's or 11 's it becomes obvious that even a cursory examination will expose cheating methodology .
 I have level 1 & 2 instruction is very detailed without being boring . Motivating music & instruction . Highly recommend if you want to learn how to hoop and want to learn the basics and then more . Great core workout .
 looks fun but I changed my mine about it.the delivery and the product were perfect .
 OK , first you had better already know how to keep a hoop swinging around your waist - or you 'd better start with their first DVD . I 'm pretty good at hooping on the waist , arm and neck - but this was very challenging ! If I learn this I can really impress my friends and family : -RRB- The main girl -LRB- Rayna -RRB- is very , very excellent ! She moves like a cat - so graceful ! I wish I was THAT good . I hope one day to learn all of these techniques . It really is a very awesome DVD . They do show you trouble-shooting steps - although it looks easy , it 's not - but that 's why you 're buying the DVD ... to learn and get an awesome workout . I went to their website and I think the hoops are WAY over priced - and most all were sold out . I 'd like to see their hoop prices drop and see more hoops sold and not `` sold out '' on their website . Hoops should n't cost $ 50 - it 's a HOOP made of plastic - so come on - sell some quality hoops for way less!Have fun hooping and impressing your friends !
 This DVD is amazing , and so is the first one , i would recommend buying them both at the same time . I still havent learned all the tricks from this one but i love it and its def . very helpful with learning new tricks and bonding with your hoop . The Bonus hoop workout on this dvd is my favorite part .
 As with their first dvd , the instruction in this is clear and detailed . The pace is faster than in the first dvd , and they do not cover as many moves , but it is still worth it .
 Let 's get this out of the way first
 As mentioned in other reviews the actual quality of the video 's visuals is not so great but I did n't find that in any way a problem as the content was great . All the basic moves are covered and broken down in a helpful way and each includes several tips for why you may not be getting a specific move and what to try to correct it.I got the video for the trick instruction but also really enjoyed the work out section . Will definitely be trying some of the higher level videos next .
 I purchased this DVD with intentions of cleaning up my hooping routines and curiosity of the teaching method . I have been hooping for over a year now , so for me this DVD was mostly review/practice . I 'm still happy I purchased it because Hoopnotica has an awesome method of getting the point across so anyone can learn how to hoop . And I can use it to follow along while hooping on my reverse side for a more balanced and focused practice . The picture quality of the video is a bit dull but not so bad once your eyes adjust to it . Rayna , the main hooper in the video , moves with ease and makes each move look beautiful , inspiring your own improvement . Also after each move taught there is a trouble shooting section to help find and work out your kinks . If you are new to hooping I would recommend buying the first DVD to learn the basics and start out with a good foundation . Or even find out if hoop classes are held where you live and check them out . When I first starting hooping I used YouTube videos to teach myself moves , and although it 's a convenient source to have and its nice that hoopers are willing to share , Hoopnotica has got it down . As with anything practicing is the way to expand and improve . It 's fun , sexy and a great workout .
 I considered trying to learn hooping from YouTube videos , but deciding to order this DVD made a huge difference . It builds a solid foundation for learning fancier moves , and the instructions are thoughtful and concise . Definitely recommended if you 've already figured out waist hooping and basic corkscrews .
 I highly recommend this . If you plan on seriously hooping , this video will definitely help you get there . :-RRB- : -RRB-
 Great training program following the Hoopnotica Fitness Hoopdance Hula Hoop DVD Level 1 -LRB- Beginner -RRB- . The lesson structure is perfect for progressive learning .
 I installed this on the inside of the front windshield . It was a little too long so I trimmed it with scissors and it works great .
 It makes so much easier to hold my cards and my friends like them very much . Thanks for selling this product .
 I play canasta and frequently wind up with gobs of cards , which , since I have small hands and am also a klutz , I drop a lot and mix up . The card holders are on the large size so they hold a lot of cards and have little props so they can stand alone . They are also slightly curved to prevent other players from &#34; accidentally &#34; seeing your cards . A very good deal for klutzes everywhere .
 I work with little kids who love card games , but ca n't hold the cards by themselves . I 've ordered others before , but I like these much better . They are sturdy and stand up well on the table .
 I bought these for myself because I have arthritis and it makes card playing much easier and more enjoyable . My elderly father also uses them . They 're sturdy and stand by themselves .
 So nice to have a holder that will hold the number of cards needed to play Progressive hand and foot .
 They were very good quality , but they are very large . They would be good for kids , but for adults that want to hold their cards they are very bulky .
 This makes playing the game so much easier . You can view you cards at all times without straining your hands . Especially good if you have arthritis .
 My fellow card-players were pleasantly surprised and tickled when I brought out the holders ! So , I 've referred them to my source . THANKS A LOT , Amazon.com !
 We play a card game that requires holding several cards . These card holders are a huge help . I really like having multiple colors .
 These as a gift were well received . Keeps players hands from tiring when there are many cards to be held . -LRB- example
 SOMETIMES MY HANDS FALL ASLEEP WHEN HOLDING CARDS THIS WORKS GREATJUST HAD A SLIGHT PROBLEM WITH RUBBER LETTING LOOSE BUT FIXED THAT
 It was difficult for my young grandchild to play card games like GO Fish where you can get some larger hands . He was capable mentally , but could n't manage all the cards physically . This card holder has solved that problem and he loves playing card games now . These would also be good for the physically handicapped or impaired .
 Works well , especially for arthritic hands . Use it once a week with group I play cards with and having more fun due to less hand pain .
 The card holder works better than most . Easy to use . The only problem is adding more cards once the holder has about fifteen in it already . Tends to be a little tight .
 Have n't had an opportunity to use them yet , but after examining them they appear to be a quality product , I 'm sure they will be just fine and work as expected .
 I bought these holders for my dad because he has arthritis in his hands & it 's difficult for him to hold 15-21 cards at a time . We used them over the holiday and they were a great hit .
 I have used this card holder alot , as I enjoy playing cards and it helps my hands from cramping . This is a must as far as I am concerned .
 These holders are very well molded , and hold the cards in any order you arrange them without slipping or falling . Great for anyone whose hands cramp from holding cards or who has arthritis in the hands and make it difficult to hold the cards .
 All of us girls loved the card holders . It did have an odor , but I sprayed them with Fabreeze and let them dry , then washed with soap and water and let them dry again . After that all was fine . We find that we even use them when we have 3 cards left . You can set it on the table and it leaves your hands free for important things -- like snacks !
 Yes these are great . We have several elderly people coming to a game night at our house that we have for a social event for our church . Holding cards can sometimes be hard for them so these work great . They sit on the table and are easy to get the cards in and out . Would highly recommend them . Also - great price !
 These holders have saved my Canasta game ! I thought that I would have to give up card playing when the arthritis in my hands became so painful , but these sturdy little holders saved the day . Very easy to use .
 These card holders are durable and large as well as ruggedly built . The design allows the card holder to be held or sat on a table during play.They cost more than smaller designs but for my money they are well worth it .
 These card holders are fantastic ! They 're great for when you 're playing a card game in which you can possibly end up with half the deck , like Uno . I love that you can set these down and they 'll stand on their own , I 'd only seen the type that you have to hold before . These are also wonderful for little kids whose hands are n't quite big enough to hold more than a couple of cards .
 I play Hand and Foot every other week and the four of us love using these . You get 13 cards and it is very handy to have .
 So , if along with inheriting your Mom 's Roseville , you also got her arthritic hands , you 'll want to check out these nifty card holders . No more achy palms after a hot Canasta hand , no more spilling the cards while sorting , no more locked thumbs ... and you can even play relatively hands-free ! The Games Dames -LRB- of the NC Piedmont Triad -RRB- love these little things .
 Perfect for it 's use !! I 'd used them b/4 so i had to have them . I play with friends & they like them 2 ! We play a canasta card game called
 I bought this for my ten year old daughter so she could play canasta with her grandmother . Her little hands did not allow her to hold all the cards . With the card holder she enjoys the game a lot more . I think they are grooming her as a substitute in the Canasta league !
 These card holders are excellent ! We can fit 25 + cards in a holder . Other card holdets just do n't jold nearly as many cards and many games we play do result in more than 20 cards . My boys ages 3 and 7 now love playing card games . They can play independently and there 's no frustration . The holders are extremely durable . Best purchase !
 I 've tried three other kinds of card holders , all of which I feel are good products . But , we play several games where you can easily have 20 or more cards in your hand -LRB- and some are oversized cards -RRB- . THESE card holders are just perfect for that scenario . They are very well made , do n't mar your expensive cards , will work with cards that are in protective sleeves , have cushions on the bottom so they do n't ruin your wood furniture , and lastly , they have a tiny bit of a bend to them so you can see your cards better and your competitors have a more difficult time seeing them!I think these are a terrific deal at the price offered on amazon and wo n't be without these when playing card games .
 The holders make it so much easier for small or arthritic hands to hold a fist full of cards . Makes it easier to organize the cards and see then better .
 everything I have ordered came in great time , good shape , & as I ordered , except one , it was out of stock & I was not charged , am very happy to order from amazon.com
 This item gives you a great deal of versatility in its simplicity , mounting either your I.R. light source or scope should it have a quarter inch tripod fixture included , to your weaver mounting rails on your favorite outdoor `` Toys '' . The only thing I would have liked to have seen included ; would be a quarter inch stud with a lockdown nut . But these items can be found at your local hardware or camera supply , sometimes with a little modification to suit individual needs . However , since no one makes anything quite like it , and for the price , I think you will like it , I did !
 Observation : I have been shooting my current bow -LRB- Hoyt Turbohawk -RRB- for about two months now and it 's always at my DIY Archery Target in my backyard . About a week ago , I discovered that within reasonable driving distance from my house is a municipal park with an outdoor range . I had to give it a try.I threw my bow and loose arrows along with a pack of paper plates -LRB- to be used as targets -RRB- in the back of my SUV and headed to the park . Upon arrival , I gathered all my things and with both hands full of stuff , walked the short distance to the range . After about two hours , I had my fill and was on my way home when it dawned on me . I needed a bow case to facilitate the transport of my archery gear.Bow Case Selection Criteria : Once I got home , I started researching now cases and came up with the following criteria for choosing a case that fit my needs :1 -RRB- protect the bow from dents and dings2 -RRB- the price had to be right -LRB- did n't want to spend too much on a case -RRB- 3 -RRB- have enough room to carry all that I needed for a day of shooting -LRB- or hunting -RRB- 4 -RRB- be as compact as possibleThe solution
 Bought this for my husband for christmas . He has a MATTHEWS switchback compound bow . It fits nicely in this case without having to remove the quiver from bow . Has velcro ties to hold bow on bottom , sits on top of padding . Top has section to hold your arrows . Has 3 lock tite latches on outside and 3 holes for pad locks for when you travel . Is airline approved . My husband has not has a chance to take it on a plane yet so not known how it would stand up , but my 11/2 yr . old twins liked to knock it over and stand on it a lot when it was within their reach . So I think it would hold up well for air travel if it could stand 2 kids without damaging the bow inside . Very good case for the cheap price .
 Its much larger than needed for any modern compound bow . I shoot a Bear Strike and it fits well . I can also fit all my accessories , quiver , arrows , etc. and clothes for the weekend if I really needed . Will protect your bow !
 For a cheap bow case , it really lives up to its name . I 've traveled a few times to test it out and no problems what so ever ! You get what u paid for.I have a mission craze bow and it fits well . There 's room for everything i need to put in it!Cons and Problems-A little flimsy and does n't seem too sturdy . And you have to put in the arrow holders when they should be able to put that together at the factory.Pros-Easy to take , compact , lightweight , holds arrows , holds everything you need , big enough , not too small , good foam padding.OVERALL it 's a really nice case especially for the money . i would buy this case 1,000,000 times again . everything is great . the only not so good thing is the construction . it 's nice . do n't get me wrong . but it 's a little flimsy .
 Well , you get what you paid for . It 's a bit big for my mission craze , but it fits alright . It 's a fairly nice case . The only two problems are assembly and the case is n't very sturdy and its flimsy . I do n't travel too much so that should n't be a problem . So the assembly should be easy , its not that hard but really the factory they make these in could have easily assembled it . Most things that they have assembling left to do is because they could get damaged during shipping . In this case the tool they gave broke right away and the cardboard box it was sent in had a huge cut all through it . I 'm still wondering what happened . Now , this review sounds negative . . but the case is a pretty good case . do n't get me wrong , its nice , its just you might want a more sturdy case
 i bought this case for my matthews craze and it fits really nice i did not think it would be to big but it was a little but still fits nice
 My 7 year old son was excited about his new bow case . The case was very well made and held his bow and arrows just right inside .
 Got it for the bow I got on Amazon . It holds the bow and what I need at the range . Without being to big .
 For the price its an excellent bow case . Not made for abuse . Do n't know how it would do as baggage on an airline flight tho .
 Great value , perfect size for most modern compound bows . Many other cases are too long . Durable and Made in the USA ! Would highly recommend .
 great price , fast shipping , not cheap made either . just bought a brand new bow and now im pleased to know that my bow is safe . . glad to do business with you .
 This is a great case for the Genesis compound bow I purchased . It stores arrows and the bow . Definitely recommend it .
 Nice size , quality construction , lightweight and easy to carry.Looks just like the picture online . Our son loves it and will help protect his bow .
 Simple case for my bow . Everything fits well and the latches are holding up well . The foam padding is very firm and supportive . I like this case .
 This is a super case for you or your childs bow and arrows . The hard case ensures that your box does n't get damaged and it is secured safely inside . This is a great case to keep your bow in a well worth the price .
 after many weeks of searching for cases for my sons bow i decided on this one . my son has the mathews genesis bow -LRB- nasp recommended -RRB- , his bow fit easily with room to spare and this case is way cheaper than some of the other cases custom fit for that particular bow . there is some simple assembly but nothing too hard , the joints looks strong , locks are sturdy , overall a great buy for the price i paid .
 bought this case with an amazon gift card i got for my birthday only to find it at a chain sporting goods store for 1/2 the price . over all a great case not ideal for airplain travel but prefect for off season storage .
 i love it i have it an ride it every day u go side to side very easy
 The trike 5 is easy once you get used to it . it took me about 3-5 days to get the hang of itim 16 but dont get ride of it the next day it take time like to walk bike and skate it takes just as long i hope this helps .
 THIS SCOOTER WAS SO SWEET I GOT SO MUCH AIR . GET THIS SCOOTER PLEASE . ITS SO GREAT . I AM NOT EVEN JOKING . ITS SO GOOD . I WIPED OUT 5 TIMES HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IDIOTS .
 i love it i have it an ride it every day u go side to side very easy
 My 10 year-old daughter absolutely loves it !! and my 6 yr.old wants one of her own . Both of them can use it quite easily , but my oldest is more confident on it since she knows how to ski and roller blade already -LRB- movements on the trikke are very similar -RRB- . I 'm looking for a second one but everywhere I look , it 's out of stock.Hope this helps .
 I thinks it 's a small durable toy with lots of fun for kids . Unlike a regular scooker where you push constintly and get tired . With the Trikke you just lean back and forith doing S-turns like a skier ... a little push and your off as long as theres no big hills . All in all it 's a neat little invention .
 After a neighbor girl got one for her 6th birthday , my 7 year-old son had to have one for his -LRB- birthday -RRB- . He got it today as a group gift from several families and he loves it . The Trikke across the street was labled `` Trikke '' , but my son 's says `` Razor '' , but they seem to be almost identical . My son is very athletic and took to it right away , but he has been riding his regular Razor -LRB- two wheeler -RRB- for over 2 years now . The brakes are a little tight , but my husband is just stretching the cords for a smoother brake ... which I 'm told is common with new brakes.We live in a hilly area , but he seems to have no problem adjusting to the `` squirlliness '' of the Trikke .
 this toy is unbeliveable once you get it you will not want to come off it also you can get alot of exersice riding the flaming criser .
 I got anadidas Men 's Tricot Tracksuitfor a very nice price . There is tricot and tricot . The quality of this suit was not top notch . The material seems stiffer and less able to breathe . I have another Adidas tricot tracksuit and the material is much more flexible and `` airy . `` However , for the price and the free shipping deal , why not?I am happy with what I got .
 I use this to carry some heavy groceries , and I have n't had any troubles yet . The quality is good , and it 's very strong and durable . It 's a little dorky looking , but gets the job done . It came with absolutely no instructions , and I called the company and they faxed them to me . It was somewhat tricky to attach to my bike , but that 's probably more because of my lack of skills.I 'd definitely recommend it , especially if you 're going to carry heavy things .
 Good quality overall . The braket for the stem did n't fit my application , so I improvised , and mounted it behind the seat over the rear fender and low . Holds stuff .
 We purchased these baskets for our daughters and they fit the bill perfectly . As stated on some of these other reviews , there are no instructions , but the installation is really straightforward when it gets down to it . They went on quickly and easily , and the girls love them . They are just big enough to fit all of their goodies .
 This was a good choice ... good quality . . Great price too ... My husband had a Problem attaching it to the bike only b-cause he had the bike fork on backwards on the Ladies Bike ... we received the basket abt . a week after we ordered it ... even though it said 4-6 weeks ... happy with that too !!
 There 's not a lot to review with a bike basket , but here 's the gist of it
 It looks like a dandy basket BUT how do I install it ?
 Good packaging and fast delivery - basket is excellent , looks great on the bike - great price - what more could anyone ask - highly recommend this seller .
 Good shock pump . I have not tried another brand , but this one is robust ; the body in aluminum is sturdy , and the gauge is high quality .
 I just bought a new bike -LRB- an old-fashioned sort -RRB- and decided that the perfect thing to pair it with would be a basket for the front . This basket is large & very roomy , perfect for a few groceries or a picnic lunch . It easily detaches and has a convenient carry handle . The assembly was quick & easy -LRB- all required tools are included -RRB- and it 's very sturdy & stable.The previous reviewer gave it only 2 stars not because the item is bad , but because he was foolish & overloaded it . I give it 5 stars because when used properly it works great & will last a long time .
 Ohio march and no snow . I bought this for my Kid and could not wait to see him ride it But , Like I said no snow this year Bummer , All in all Its a cool product I ca n't blame them for no snow so Ill tell you all next year weather it works good .
 Very nice Floor Mats . Bought these for my Honda Civic and they work great . Super deal . Shipping was very fast and they were exactly as I expected . A little small so they should fit just about all vehicles . Might be too small for large trucks .
 This product is made of durable material and has managed to handle the salt and snow during the past winter months.If anything these floor mats would protect the ones that came with your car , even if you are not a Patriots fan .
 I would recommend these to any steeler fan for thier car or truck I love mine I still got to get the two small ones for the back floor of my car . And of course I will be ordering them from amazon.com because I love their merchandise . delivery is fast and convenient .
 Nice product and fast shipping . Would have liked them to be a little bigger and to be all rubber and not carpeted . Still hey nice though .
 These floormats arrived earlier then expected shipping date and in perfect condition . Nice heavy quality materials . Was hoping they were n't some cheaply constructed thin design . My expectations were exceeded . And the mats delighted my Bears fan !!!!
 I got these for my truck , and as soon as they got here I put them in , they look great , and I have n't had a problem with them since I got them .
 the car mats were awesome . My son enjoyed them . The were sent on time and I would purchase from this seller again .
 I am a New Orleans Saints fan and have been since the franchise began . I no longer live in New Orleans but I do still support the team . I wear Saints gear when they play and so does our dog . My entire family are die hard Saints fans . I fly my Saints flag on my car , so why not have the Saints floor mats . Every time I get in my car , I say `` geaux Saints !!!! '' The color is perfect for the interior of my vehicle . I would recommend the Saints floor mats to all Saints fans . I just wished there were mats for the rear .
 was one of the best buy have been looking for for a long time thank you
 The Bronco 's floor mats were exactly what I had in mind and also the perfect gift . He put them in his car right away and I have heard no complaints , so that is a good thing.I would highly reccommend them to someone else .
 I am happy with this product and found it fairly easy to use . Making sure that the height adjustments are made is essential for maintaining the center of gravity . There is some pressure on the ankles but I 've never tried any incline table which had no ankle pressure and the cuffs are more comfortable than other styles . I like this unit because it is not so bulky that it can not be fairly easily moved and also can be folded up . For the price , this is the best unit that I 've tried . With free shipping on Amazon , I did n't have to haul it in from the car .
 the swords are made of bamboo strips and take quite a while to break down . I use them with hocky armor and modified boxing gloves . apx . 4 ppl -LRB- myself include -RRB- activly spar with these swords . as they are made out of bamboo , and are not solid , or made of meteal the blows they deal are lessend , yet a a realistic feal , and weight . unlike plastic or foam swords , these will last for apx 1-2 years depending on how offen you spar and how hard you swing them . yes they will break , just not ludicrysly fast . dont swing them against solid object such as trees . :-RRB- they dont apear to take any dmg . at first , but after about 10 full blown swings the bambo starts to break . I own 4 of these swords , and highly recomend them . oh and they will give you a good workout . you 'll be pooped in about 10-20 mins .
 I picked this up the day of release and it 's the most played game I have right now . Game play is untouchable compared to the other fakes on the market . I 'm an XBOX Beta Tester -LRB- user tag : whoSneXt -RRB- and besides NFL2k3 and MotoGP , this is the only game I play the majority of my time online . No Lagging , smooth gameplay and the best simulation basketball game yet . Abilty to alter shots in mid-air , cross over dribbles are better , pivot moves , fake passes , it 's all here this go round . This is recommended highly to all of those who wasted thier time and money on the arcade style play of NBA Live . Not knocking Live , but 2k3 is more of a `` real '' play action `` sim '' game . Right now my record online is n't too good but it will be even better by the time Nov. 15 comes and the rest of the country gets the chance to experience Xbox Live.Pros : Great Franchise Mode -LRB- even international players in free agent -RRB- 40 post moves200 different dunks110 offensive/defensive playsStreet courts are backOnline roster updatesonline player upgrade -LRB- hair , shoes -RRB- cons : whats up with the pass fumbling ? No more long passes down court to get the shot off quickly . majority of the time they will fumble it around before they get the shot offoNe
 Here it is
 Wow ... . I 've played this entire series from NBA2k to now and this series gets better every season . I used to own dreamcast ... but due to the change of platforms for 2K series I bought an Xbox , and boy was it worth it . This game is mind boggling . The graphics and replay convinced my dad i was watching a 76ers game at 10:30 in the morning . The dribbling moves bring that street feeling everyone loves into the game with many different crossovers and behind the backs . The passing is accurate to the person . While a guy like Shane Battier makes very accurate good passes , a guy like Jason Williams -LRB- grizzlies -RRB- makes very good accurate flashy behind the back no look passes . Also the dunking is amazing , and not over used . You can no longer just drive the lane and do a 360 tomahawk over a guy like Ben Wallace with Vince Carter , or atleast he wo n't complete it . Moving away from gameplay , the options in this game is amazing . Lets break it downFranchise - Lead your own team through as long as you 'd like as the general manager , coach and player . Hire coaches , put players on the trade block and receive offers , full statistics , and the scouting is amazing . You can view the lottery to see what pick you get . Scout players by position with views on their future , strengths and weaknesses , and comparisons to current NBA Players . Very fun stuffStreet - Added some courts , still just a lot of funExtra Teams - YOU CAN PLAY AS JORDAN DURING THE 90 'S !!!!! hes rated like 108 !!! Also the 50 's 60 's allstars , 70 's east and west , 80 's east and west and 90 's east and westBottom Line
 Okay here is my review and 1,000 words is not enough to cover this game . Bottom line here is great game with only a few things stopping it , best basketball sim I have ever played.Pros
 This game is awesome ! It 's the best basketball game I 've ever played . The graphics are excellent , and the ESPN 's commentaries are too cool . If you are looking 4 a game that provides u all u need to play like in real life ... . buy NBA 2K3 . I 'm a BIG NBA FAN , so I got this one . But this is very cool
 If you want a great NBA basketball game for Xbox that 's affordable and fun , then look no further . NBA 2K3 is a full-fledged NBA game and has all the features that you 'd expect in a quality basketball game-great gameplay , nice graphics , and nice sound effects.This game is also a really cool multi-player game . On my XBox I play with my brothers and you can play 4-players . This game is very comprehensize and there are a plethora of options . You can pick any team in the NBA , and play any way you want . You can make up your own players and play streetball . You can play a practice game or practice free throws -LRB- which are kind of hard , you need to press both triggers -RRB- . You can turn off all the rules like backcourt violations and 3-second violations.The graphics in this game are excellent . The use of lighting effects is really nice , and the game movements are very lifelike . This game definitely shows off the power of the Xbox graphics engine.Overall this is a great basketball game for Xbox . It 's a very good choice compared to the other basketball games for Xbox .
 I have played a lot of different basketball games for a number of consoles , all the way back to EAs first foray into basketball games with the Sega Genesis . This game is one of the best ever . One downside is that it takes a while to get used to the game 's game play . I started playing on the `` average '' difficulty setting , and promptly lost 10 in a row playing superior teams vs. inferior ones ! I put it down to `` easy '' and got the hang of the game , and am enjoying the game more and learning its secrets.Some valid complaints
 Unlike the other reviewers , i 'll compare the two best B-ball game on the market for ya . I got BOTH!GRaphic - NBA2003 had better graphics , smoother movement and brighter textures.Sound-NBA2k3 , cuz of ESPN !!! Value-2k3 hands down . I do n't know why ... but it last longer . and Online Play nuff said ... Gameplay - 2003 is more casual friendly , which means even if you 're not into Basketball you could still find some fun here . And with their innovative Freestyle right joystick control , its deffinitly funner.While 2003 could be funner for a shorter amount of time , 2k3 is the real winner if you took your time for Seasons ... . Which one 's better is really a matter of taste .
 I played this game a couple of times . My cousin in one of the producers and he has an early version of this game . The gameplay pretty much is the same as last year , however , the graphics are not . The graphics have been improved in many ways , the faces of the payers , the animations , the commentary , and more ! Unlike NBA Live 2003 , NBA 2K3 has become the best basketball game right now . EA Sports is going down the drain because Sega Sports are listening to their fans and doing what their fans want , which is better gameplay and better graphics . In other words , if you liked NBA 2K2 , you will definitely will like 2K3 . NBA 2K3 is worth buying it , you wo n't be dissapointed , I guarantee it !
 Nba 2k3 is easily the best nba game on the market . It is realistic , fun to play , and a great and easy to enjoy gameplay . The franchise mode is great and the players actually look like the real thing . The two small complaints I have about this game is that Kobe has a 70 3-point shooting rate . But because this game is so awesome you can change that . The other complaint is that every single game no matter who it is Kobe , VC , T-Mac , on J-Rich they miss dunks . One game my friend and I counted that I would have had an extra 28 points if I did n't miss dunks . Over all easily a 5 star game .
 -LRB- I am actually 14 but it only went to twelve -RRB- Outstanding basketball sim.Graphics
 This game is awesome , it has good graphics and other tight things . Like street ball , franchise and dynasty mode . All are awesome no doubt . NBA Live will never be better then this game at all . This is one of the best games that I 've ever played . You can slam and drive and shoot and pass . You can also juke like crazy . The free throw is pretty hard , but that 's only if you have bad players.So basically , this is about the best game anyone could ever want 2 own .
 Nba 2K3 is the best basketball game on X-Box Because its fun , easy to play , and you can play online againdt other gamers . All you need to play online is the X-Box stater kit and a cable . when you play this game you will be amazaed at the graphics and detail of the players . When you play online in ranked game mode it atumatically save your record and soon if your good enough you could have the best record in the country . When you first buy this game you might get a little bit frustreated about shooting but after a few days you will get the hang of it . This game hasit all even reallistic ESPN style , play as legends like larry bird , bob cousy , and many more . Now if you want to play like the super stars get in your game with NBA 2K3 and who knows i might be playing you onlin someday . I would rate the game 5 stars .
 i 've played all the basketball games out there and i only came out with one that is simply the best . nba 2k3 is worth your 50 dollars . The graphics are superb , and the player models are just amazing . the new espn license is amazing to . I like to listen to the commentators . There fun to listen to . it feels like their sitting on your xbox . The mascots and the cheerleaders make the game even more real . also , the crowd does n't look -LSB- substandard -RSB- anymore as it did on the dreamcast version in 2k1 , 2k2 . The crowd really look real and it 's fun to watch them bo me when im playing with kobe and dunking over tracy mcgrady at his homecourt . The only thing that upsets me is yao ming is n't on the game . Hm i wonder why ???? Oh well . You got the new rookies like jason williams , mike dunleavy , kareem rush , etc. . But the create a player mode is cool . you can create a player and begin playing in franchise mode and you can release him as an ncaa player . Or create him and then assign him to a team you want . I am playing franchise mode and its fun and challenging . ive created michael jordan and assigned him to the bulls . of course i created yao ming . I want competition when im playing with shaq . and last i created myself which my overall is 95 . i know ill never be a basketball player but in the game i am . anyway enough already . Oh and last , nba live is n't better then nba 2k3 . if you want a game were you always beat the computer and does n't look realistic then nba live is for you . but if you want a game that feels like the real thing and just makes you say wow this game is for you . period !!!!!
 I do n't have this game but I have played it very many times . It is very realistic and fun . The graphics are spectacular and I personally love the game . Whoever does n't have it Im telling you to get the 2K series . They are all good and fun . Continue to get the whole series until they stop making the series . Im about to pick up 2K3 for Xbox .
 Once again Sega Sports/Visual Concepts delivers with NBA 2K3 ! Graphics are outstanding , the players are so detailed that they even sweat as the game progress , the Gameplay/AI was definetly improved , and with DOLBY 5.1 the sound is very crisp . With XBOX Live , NBA 2K3 slams the competition!SEGA !! = -RRB-
 NBA 2K3 is a very good game . Graphics are awsome . Gameplay is way inproved . The only problem with the game is that the rosters are not very updated . There is no Yao Ming . Ohter than some minor eorss great game .
 This is the same as playstation2 verison i love all ov the 2K 's this has better graphics then playstation2 but this is a good gane overall .
 Best basketball game out there ... most realistic , challenging and fun ... street games are a great addition
 WOW ! This game has great graphics , great sound , and is jampacked with great gameplay ! The franchise mode sticks out to me ... its great and is complete with everything you need . Street is still there , but same the same courts are there . WHen playing street , you choose ur own players from any team ! The weather can be changed and the time of day ! The graphics are crazy nice !!! You can see sweat on them which determines the fatigue for each player . The sound is pretty good , Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound is key for good sound . So I say u get off the computer , run to any place that sells video games , and GET THIS GAME !!
 NBA 2K3 is still the most realistic bball simulation out there . If you like arcade action , get Live , but if you enjoy strategy and actually fighting for a good shot , this is your game.THE GOOD
 this game is excellent , good graphics.Crazy game play . I love it , you should buy it .
 I just read the reviews for this game and I just do n't see the fun in playing it.I will say that the graphics and intros are nice , that 's what the one star is for.I 've given this game many tries to convince me , but it always disappoints.Shooting , passing and driving are just not happening.NBA LIVE 2003 hits the mark for easy gameplay and you ca n't beat the original free style option , but that 's just my opinion.After renting both games , LIVE 2003 came out the winner , so I bought it.The rest is a waste of time and money .
 NBA 2K2 was considered ahead of it 's time . NBA 2K3 is really gon na be awesome , it 's gon na have Xbox LIVE enabled , and it just comes out right before Xbox life is launched in November . I highly recommend this game to NBA fans and every xbox owner as well . It 's also gon na have the ESPN presentation that was tested for NFL 2K3 -LRB- it 's really awesome too , you need to get it , IT 'S OUT NOW !!! -RRB- . It also have an advanced animation systemAdvanced Animation System -- Players move naturally and appear more dynamic with increased facial detail and lifelike expressions . Visit the Sega sports website to see their review .
 This is a great headlamp!I am a sheet metal worker involved in new construction and have used several headlamps . Lighting is always a problem in the latter half of a job when the walls have been sheetrocked and the lighting has not been turned on.Whether looking for a tool in the gangbox or searching rooms for material , having the headlamp on my hardhat is a definite plus.This model is either on or off , it does not have colored beams , it does not have flashing modes , stuff that may be useful to somebody , but not in construction .
 Well builded , not too bright because it 's only 3 leds but good enough for camping -LRB- my experience , setting up my tent in the night , for example -RRB- or ocasional hands free work in dark situations . You can adjust the direction of the light up and down . Excellent deal for the price , I did purchase more tan one .
 There are fancier , lighter , more comfortable , more adjustable headlamps but this one puts out enough ligh to find your way in the dark and sooooo cheap
 If you want your hands to be free , use your head . When I crawl under a desk to connect a computer , now I can see what I am doing and use the glowing screen on my cell phone to make calls and not cast a blue haze on the cables . Works well when I am in the wiring closet -LRB- by myself -RRB- now I have light were I need it and two hands free .
 I took a gamble and got this for my nephew as part of his birthday gift . I was n't sure what to get a 12-year old besides video games . He really likes it , and I 'm sure he would n't have thought `` I think a head lamp would be cool . '' No complaints about the quality , either .
 I 've only used it a few times , checking engine oil levels outside at night -LRB- keeps your hands free -RRB- , getting things from under a dark desk , etc. . I 'm wondering when the strap will wear out , but for the price , the value is good .
 He can now pick up dog poop in the dark.Oh what joys life brings : -RRB- So far this iis a step up from what we had before.No complaints . Great for the price .
 The light is better for using as a personal source of light . The other , larger ones I got are GLARINGLY brighter and lots of fun .
 I got this for my dad for a birthday present and he was very pleased . The quality is good -LRB- nice heavy t-shirt material , not the thin stuff -RRB- and it looks good in person .
 You are covered with this jock . It 's comfortable and has a wide waste band . This is very well made but be cautious when ordering in your size . These run on the big end and a loose cup or way even an over sized cup can cause more harm than good . Remember guys , when it 's size they 're talking about they mean the waist and not the coverage needed for your twig and berries . So that being said , bigger is n't manlier and it can get you hurt .
 In short , yes . It does do what they claim . It is good protection , yet flexible and as comfortable as a cup can be . The material used in the supporter dries quickly and is fairly comfortable as well.Good product for any man in need of a little extra protection .
 What can one say about protection for ones family jewels ... Not only does the job that is intended but also is relatively comfortable , if that can actually be said about such things . The cup is very hard where it needs to be but as it tapers down ones body it softens up and becomes flexible so you can chase after baseballs without pulling hairs . All in all a great deal for a super price , not expecting to have to be in the market for one again , but would buy this same model again !
 Have owned same product for years and was time to replace . Comfort and Protection . Very well made . Will buy another in about 5 or 6 years .
 Pretty good gun case . I use it to hold 2 handguns and a kel-tec sub 2000 -LRB- small rifle that folds in half -RRB- . I can put all the guns on the top level then all the magazines and other items on the bottom level . Case closes tight and nothing moves around . The only bad is that the locks are useless , the key dose not fit well and it is hard to lock/unlock . I have just stopped using the lock , which would be a problem around children .
 These are spares for the wristrocket I bought my daughter so the have not been tested but they seam fine .
 It 's hard to find a decent backpack with laptop pouch . Not too bulky , flimsy , or expensive , something comfortable , roomy , with sensible pockets . The Columbia Sportswear Umatilla Cyberpack fits the bill . Avoid snow/grey color , gets dirty fast . A little on the small side and does n't sit well , flops over . Overall good .
 I was skeptical about my purchase of Columbia Umatilla Cyberpack , but as soon as the product reached and I opened the box all my doubts were cleared . It is really a `` cool back pack '' as it has lots of space for all the things which a college/anybody who is always on the move likes to carry.Only disadvantage is that it can not stand on it 's own when you put it on the floor . On the whole I am happy with the product and using it to the fullest.Will recommend this product to anyone who wants to have a back pack for less price and with all those pockets .
 I use this backpack for everything . It is so sturdy that I can carry my laptop & cord , 2 full size text books , and a 1.5 '' binder with very little discomfort . The straps are very wide with sufficient padding to make it easier to carry . I love the place to store an mp3 or Ipod while walking to class and it has enough pockets and places to carry everything for school , camping , hiking , etc. .
 This backpack is very roomy for books , laptop , and school supplies . The big wide straps make it easy to tote around without stress to the back and shoulders . Seems to be very durable quality .
 This knife was everything i expected and more . This is one of the greatest all around knives i have ever seen . It is super strong , has a great wieght and balance , and of course it keeps a great edge ... it is a benchmade . I highly recommend this knife to any outdoorsman , hunter , even our beloved soldiers in all of our armed forces . This knife will withstand most anything , and stay sharp with just a little TLC .
 Have use these tires before so when I needed tires for my new restore bike I had no problem getting these and a good price too .
 I got a `` department store '' bike for free recently . Full fenders , basic three speed etc. . It was in pretty good shape except the Arizona desert heat had taken its toll on the tires . Found these tires and the price was right . I bought a puncture resistant liner locally and put that in to help keep the tubes from going flat as often . This bike is for my daughter to run back and forth to the store on and these tires are just fine for the use . Shipping was very fast but packaging was overkill and over sized .
 I 'm a bike flipper so I ca n't report on on how durable they are , but they look great and roll smooth . I 'll be buying them again in the future .
 These are great tires for my old beach cruiser . Size was perfect and a fraction of the price the bike shop charges !
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 The seat was a cinch to install . It took about 10 minutes tops , and it 's a lot more comfortable than the factory seat the bike came with .
 Purchased this for a cousin who is constantly posting on FB about Michigan football . I was pleasantly surprised by how nice an ornament it is for the price . I like that it is acrylic so it wo n't break easily , but it does n't look cheap or tacky . Good , clean fun - I 'm sure it will be a favorite ornament of his for some time .
 it came exactly as described . i got the email telling me my tracking code the same day i recieved the ornament boy was that fast curtious service i am truely happy with my purchase and my nephew for whom i bought it for was delighted . i was looking for an ornament that could be displayed all year long not to christmassy . this was perfect every thing else had santa hats christmas designs
 It was perfect . Came on time , packed well and was exactly what I wanted
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 Hat arrived promptly from Amazon . The Cooperstown hats are noted for their soft fabric feel and instant `` wearability '' . It 's pretty rare to see a good looking brown hat , but this hat fits the bill -LRB- ha ! -RRB- . The brim is easy to style - I like to wet the brim down and store it in a pint glass for about 24 hours to get a nice curve . I had no problem doing that with this hat . After that , it 's easy - these soft hats fit your head like a glove -LRB- ha ! -RRB- . Highly recommend these hats , especially when they go on sale for $ 9.99 .
 When I was about 8 I had this exact cap and lived in it . My mother had to pry the tattered thing from my hands and eventually she tossed it . Now at 35 , I have it again . I was shocked to find this on Amazon during a search for the 1974 Atlanta Braves cap . I love the quality of the Cooperstown caps . They are perfect right out of the box , with a little brim bending of course .
 The cap arrived promptly and well packaged . It has good fabric and good stitching . I 'll be able to enjoy wearing it for a long time .
 The scooter has a good looking , the bateries last up to 45 minutes of continuos use but , need to change fuses evry long ride or every charging process , so far so good !
 It is a very nice controller at a very reasonable price . Kids love the Minnesota Twins and love using controller .
 I purchased a Momentum M1 diver 's watch for my wife 3 years ago . She wears it daily . It has kept perfect time for 3 years and still looks as new as the day it came out of the box . I have had 3 watches in the past 5 years , they were all meeting the same fate - death by swimming pool despite the ` waterproof ' claims . After my most recent watch death , I 'd had enough . I purchased this watch based on my experience with my wife 's Momentum . This was done despite the fact that I was n't thrilled with the look of the watch from the internet pictures . I just did n't think the looks were that great . In person this watch looks MUCH better . It is a VERY cool looking watch . It is the PERFECT size for my wrist . Neither too big or too small . It is built like a tank . Did they cut this thing out of a block of stainless steel ? Despite the solid nature it is not too heavy , although it is heavier than the average watch . It is not annoyingly heavy , I do n't mind it at all . This watch has a reported 10 year battery , which is important . Every time you replace the battery , if the watch is n't sealed properly it will lose it 's ` waterpoofness ' . Better to not HAVE to replace the battery at all . It comes in three face color options -LRB- Blue , Black , or this one - ` Silver ' -RRB- with 5 band choices . It has a screw down crown and will dive deeper safely than I can . It has a sapphire crystal that should be kept away from diamonds to avoid scratching , but nothing else should . I suspect this watch may outlive me . It is that tough .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 This hat was a great deal , not only because of its general quality , but also because , due to the overall lack of good hatmanship available on amazon , it was a great suprise . Simply put , the man -LRB- and or woman -RRB- that created this splendid combination of football and head-wear is a genius , a master of the hats if you will . But i digress , as their are more important factors at hand here . First of all , is this hat attractive ? the answer is yes , it has to be because it is the only reason i can think of that fertile women clamor to be impregnated by my seed when they see me shaking my money maker -LRB- hat -RRB- as i walk down the street . And secondly , is it durable ? Why yes , yes it is . it has been grabbed multiple times by women wanting nothing more than to have the feeling of a kicking , fatherless , bastard infant to be wriggling like a recently concussed fish inside them . so yes , it is very very durable .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 Had been unable to find this product in our local stores . It was exactly what I had been looking for & it came in record time . Will definitely order this product again .
 The packaging for this box of 22 packets is designed for an office setting , but that 's not what I use it for . These are perfect for trail or camping lunches because they are easy to manage , quite tasty , and very light . They do n't require boiling water , but the hotter the better . In fact , if your tap water is nice and hot , you will be able to get by right from the tap , just let it sit a bit longer . Things hydrate fine and there is a small but noticeable amount of white chicken meat.If these are different in taste from the other chicken noodle cup-a-soup packets , I ca n't tell how.The facts :50 calories , 1g fat , 10mg cholesterol , 540mg sodium -LRB- 23 % rda -RRB- , 2g protein13g net weight , product of Canada
 My son is currently deployed on a ship in the Navy . He has some limited choices for food at times and I found a way that he can make a cup of soup , with a little machine he has near his duty post . He tells me how much he enjoys having this soup , it tastes great and is so wonderful to have when he feels like he needs something tasty .
 I bought this for my Rams obsessed boyfriend and he loved it . The quality and stiching of the jersey is superb and the colors are vibrant . He feels like he 's apart of the team now .
 All the men in our family love these mugs . Put them in the freezer and magic frosty mug that makes their drinks glaze over with a film of cool ice.Recommend highly for the `` brew '' drinker in your life.We own several different team and sport ones . They all do the same .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 Limbsavers reduce the kick of large calibre mil surp rifles . The slip-ons eliminate the need for stock butt modifications if you can put up with an additional inch of pull . Highly recommended .
 installed in seconds on my Rem 870 express if you can find a small medium for the 870 get it .
 It 's a nice enough beanie that fans of other teams think twice before taunting you for being a Rams fan .
 The M50 DSS is a beautiful watch with 1650 feet of water resistance , a sapphire crystal and 315L stainless steel material at an incredible price -LRB- it can be found for less than $ 320 at some divers ' stores -RRB- . Although solid and heavy it is still a very feminine watch . My wife is thrilled with it .
 I am a nurse who times many activities in my job and wanted a rotating bezel because I did n't want to get into multiple dials and buttons . It 's a little bigger than I thought it would be , but I can see the face EASILY in the dark .
 Everything you could want in a waterproof watch . It 's heavier than expected , but I suppose that has to do with the durability and waterproof requirements.The rotating bezel is quite handy . The glow in the dark hands and numbers are nice . I was afraid the time would be hard to read given the low contrast face , hands and numbers . Not so ! Very easy to read . The seller was efficient and delivered as promised .
 Everything was thought of luminescent dial large enough numbers and a good looking watch at a reasonable price extremely functional
 I have been looking for this type of watch for a long time . It is a bit heavy when you hold it in your hand but it does n't look bulky when I wear it . A good buy !
 Product arrived on earlier than scheduled in perfect condition . Price was good . Service was great .
 I 've been using this type of filter for two years now and it makes my hair so much more workable . My skin feels great too . I never really had a problem until I moved to AZ. . . the climate is much different than NJ and the water is hard . My hair started to become really dry , brittle and totally unmanageable . A friend recommended I try this filter and it has really saved my hair !
 Good price for the filter . At least it was cheaper than the price at the health food store .
 I have used these filters for almost 8 years , I can tell when it is time to change before I look at the calendar , My skin , hair , and eyes lets me know.I order 3 and 4 at a time . This time I found them thru Amazon , They came to me 2 days after I ordered . Great service . Thanks will order from you again . SGP
 I purchased this system a year ago and have been dreading having to change the filter . I HATE changing filters on anything because it 's never as easy as the manufacturer claims . I just changed the filter and it took me about 2 minutes . Super easy ! I love this product ! My skin is n't all itchy when I take a shower anymore !
 Love this product ~ Have had the filter unit for 6 years and continue to order replacement cartridges . Removes chlorine and other chemicals to help retain skin moisture , as well as softening hard water .
 I 've used this kind of filter for years and I love it ! Here in Los Angeles the water has so much chlorine it smells like a swimming pool and really dries out my skin and hair . This filter is easy to replace , very well priced and lasts about a year for the two of us who shower everyday . I notice how flaky and itchy we get when the filter needs to be replaced so it definitely works!Makes great tasting drinking water too , wish they had the same filter for the kitchen sink . It 's kinda weird to go into the bathroom with a pitcher , fill it from the shower and take it back to the kitchen ... which is why I also use the PUR water pitcher .
 I 've been purchasing these replacement filters for the New Wave Shower Filter that I purchased several years ago . Thankfully , this replacement cartridge is still available and less expensive on Amazon than I can find locally . They 're very easy to install.PROS : - This fits the New Wave Shower Filter - Less expensive than locallyCONS : - noneREMINDER
 Easy to install . Seems to remove chlorine completely . The company reminds consumer when it 's time for replacement . Seems to be effective as long as it does n't restrict flow .
 Started using this product May 2019 . It is a great product . We have the hardest water ever is what the water test lab man show as after tested . So we purchased this . Easy to install . Skin feels calmer & clean . Soap & shampoo 's lather up where as in straight hard water does not lather.Just ordered our 1st replacement filter from this site . Fast shipping . Good price . Will order again .
 I have used this shower filter for several years now . It has definitely made a difference in the condition of my hair and skin . Does a good job of filtering the water .
 This product does help reduce chlorine very well.only thing is it only last us for about 2 to 3 months .
 This is a great shower filter and I can really tell the difference when I shower without it . It is also very easy to install . The recommended replacement is once every 6 months . -LRB- That , of course , depends upon how often it is used -RRB- . I certainly recommend it .
 Love taking showers knowing that the chlorine is being removed from the water . Smells better and my skin is happier !
 It pays for itself ! I can re-dye it every month instead of every 2 weeks just because there is no more chlorine in the water fading my color . My skin and eyes also feel much better ... I can tell when it needs replacing because my eyes start burning and my skin feels dry when I get out of the shower .
 Shower Filter works great . Shower feels fresher without the Clorine . But the filter needs to be replaced at least once a year -LRB- or sooner -RRB- . The only place I can find the replacement filter is on Amazon .
 My wife likes this filter and `` feels '' the difference of her skin when taking a shower as compared to no filter at all . The first filter lasted about 3-4 months of daily use before pressure seemed to drop off . That was 2 showers a day - I did not check back on how long they said it would last , but it would obviously vary according to how long your showers actually are and how many per day . Easy to replace , as long as you did not over tighten it to begin with - I had to struggle a little to loosen the filter housing and I did not tighten it as much and there is no leak .
 I really like the shower filter . It 's compact and takes out all the chlorine from the water .
 I have had a New Wave filter to remove chlorine on my shower for 1 year . I just purchased a New Wave replacement cartridge for my 2nd year of use . I love that they remind you that it is time to replace the cartridge . I feel I am doing something good for my family with a minimum amount of money . It 's worth it .
 My tap water is so chlorinated that my eyes would burn and my skin would itch when I got out of the shower . For a year I searched for a filter that would not just remove the chlorine odor but actually remove the chlorine ! Could not find one until I discovered Enviro . I finally take showers with clean non poisonous water and gases and I 'm thrilled . I also got a counter top water filter and its wonderful also since I had been purchasing bottled water before that . Just note that after a while the shower head will start to not remove the chlorine as much so you have to start thinking of replacing it but its a gradual process depending on how often the shower is used and to be expected , so I order a replacement and hold onto it until I feel its ready to change out .
 The water in my city seems highly chlorinated . It smelled so strong when I took showers , that I decided to buy a filter to help eliminate the smell . I have been using this filter for over 2 years now and I like it . It 's easy to install and replace and I do not smell chlorine anymore when I 'm in the shower . Great product !
 This filter effectively removes the chlorine smell and I assume most of the chlorine content from my shower water . My skin always feels really good afterwards whereas before I had this filter the water would dry my skin . A great product . It usually lasts about one year . .
 The product arrived quickly . It 's important to me that chlorine be removed from the shower water , so for us , this is a good product . It was very easy to install .
 we live in Cancun and our water is very hard in the hotel zoneThis product has saved my hair from falling out and being gummy ... I can not live without it
 After a week of using this filter my hair is more manageable , with half the use of regular conditioner . -LRB- very fine hair-thyroid condition -RRB- Skin does not feel as dry and is markedly softer after a month.It says that the filter is good for a year , however when your hair suddenly becomes hard to comb through again-replace the filter!Mine was good for about 8 mos , we have very hard water and a lot of sediment.Would be great if it came with a rinseable pre-filter , like some other filters .
 Update four years later November 29 , 2012They stopped selling this where I originally left a review ... so here it is again : ~ -RRB- 5.0 out of 5 stars Simply Fabulous , and quite frankly , Awesome , October 11 , 2007I 've been using this filter system now for TWENTY FIVE YEARS . Need I say more ? OK , I will . My hair and skin are awesome . My peers use conditioner on their hair ... me ? rarely . And , I usually have long hair . -LRB- fine , blonde -RRB- I can go a month or more without using lotion on my skin as long as I am getting enough EFA 's from my food . I have used this system in Washington , D.C. ; Arlington , VA ; Los Angeles , CA ; and now in Salem , OR . The latter two have very hard water . Until I have great well water I 'll keep using it . And even then if the water is really hard I may still . I really notice the difference when I visit family back East as they do n't have this in their shower.PS The housing that holds the cartridge is just starting to look like it is going to split vertically at the threads that connect to the water inlet pipe do-hicky . I noticed that the last filter change I did . Hows that for value on the dollar , easy-ish on the Environment etc ? It will be interesting to see how much longer I can get out of the housing before the plastic just shatters.PPS Four years later and the housing is still going strong . I have a back-up standing by for when it does bite the dust . I am honestly surprised it has n't finally cracked for good .
 It was easy to install , and does a great job of removing the chlorine/chlorine smell from my water . I would definitely recommend this filter for anyone . It is very reasonable priced considering how long each filter lasts and is very effective .
 These units are great and do not restrict water flow like other systems do . They last forever as well . Very good value !
 Stop the BURNING skin after a shower . Take that chlorine out ! But change it in a year , or the concentration of chlorine in the filter will start to leak on you and REALLY burn you !
 Product arrived in a timely manner.Have used these for years . They do last one year for two people and can tell after a year they need changing because the shower water starts to smell like chlorine.Highly recommend the product and the New Wave company .
 This shower filter fits exactly as it should . Have used this filter system system for 3 years now and replacement filters are easy to change .
 Proper replacement filter for my shower filter . It filled up really fast and got clogged , not sure if it 's my water or that the filter does n't take as much volume as advertised .
 The only reason I do n't rate this at 5 stars is because of the price . Since the water where I live is not the best , I go through 3 of these per year , thus it gets fairly expensive at that pace . As for the product itself , it works great ! The difference of the feel and quality of the water that passes throught his filter versus straight through the shower head is amazing . I absolutely believe in this product and do hope some day they can find a way to manufacture them to the same high standards but at less cost to us consumers .
 Great filter ! This is a necessity to your shower if you want clean water . I would n't go a day without it .
 Enviro shower chlorine filter is an excellent product . The first time I used it I saw a considerable difference in the texture of my skin and hair . I was so pleased to find out there was a replacement cartridge available for less than half the price of the whole filter . What I do n't like about this product is that it leaks . Even after several attempts to reinstall it , it still leaked . Finally , we patched it up with some type of shower tape . And guess what
 The product is as simple as it gets ; it a water filter . If you buy this you already have purchased the shell and you are probably thinking whether or not you should spend the money to replace the filter . I say do it ! it makes the shower water so nice it is great ! The company states you can use the filter for a full year , however I recommend replacing around twice a year around every 6-8 months . Replacing the filter is easy , just unscrew the filter case , it will pop out and put the new one in . REMINDER
 A must have item for my sensitive skin . I need a filtered show to protect myself from the chlorine and additives that are added to the local water supply through the cleaning process and the pipes it has flowed through . Also is a must have living in a hard water zone .
 I have had this product for many years and I would never live without it ! A shower filter is very important , more so then a drinking filter because you will absorb more chemicals through your skin and lungs from even a 5 minute shower then the amount of water you will drink during the day.This filter is of a good quality and you need to replace the cartridge once a year.Take charge of your health and invest in a better quality of life . You only get one chance , so make it count !
 We 've been using the New Wave Enviro Premium Shower Filter for three years , and we love it . We have one on all our shower heads , and we are very happy we can get the replacement filters here on Amazon . Make sure to replace these filters every year because they really work . It 's amazing all the gunk these things take out of the water along with the chlorine smell ! Makes your hair much softer and cleaner feeling , too .
 Have used this product for many years and am thoroughly satisfied . Am happy that I can purchase the replacement cartridges on line at such a great price !!!
 I bought this watch for my wife several -LRB- 4 + -RRB- years ago and it has functioned like a champ . She has dress watches for going out , but this is her everyday watch and it is always on her wrist . It looks brand new years later . I was so impressed , I bought the man 's version for myself . That has been a great watch as well . You can read my review of that watch here if you choose ... Momentum Men 's 1M-DV50S1 M50 DSS Silver Dial Black Rubber Dive Watch
 Picked up this tent from Amazon after searching for quite a few different options . Even purchased the coleman square tent , set it up , and loved the roominess , but I realized it would n't do well in wind unless `` very '' tied down . The bitterroot will take a lot of wind with minimal staking out.I needed a larger tent that is mainly used in warm weather and can be setup and taken down quickly as I need to be able to set the standard with my scouts by being first up , and first down if possible . I use a cabelas XL cot and could easily get two -LRB- they 're big -RRB- in the tent with no problems.The poles are heavy , but with a 61/2 foot ceiling something has to hold that up . It 's not a backpacking tent , this one is good for a day or week and goes up and down in about 5 minutes with two people , about 8 by myself.Quality product from Eureka ... would n't camp without em !
 Easy set up overall . Wish the bottom was lined with tarp instead of nylon.Good roomy ceiling . Plenty of room for air mat and family of 4 .
 I bought the tent about 6 or so months ago and took it camping for the first time this last weekend . Very easy to set up . Took about 5-10 minutes max with 2 people , including staking down a ground cloth . The tent offered plenty of space ! We had a queen size double decker air mattress for my wife and I -LRB- we were really roughing it -RRB- and a twin size single for our 3 year old . We had a 2 by 3 foot folding table and 3 large plastic tubs/totes with room to spare . It rained for two solid days , and other than a little moisture here and there on the floor -LRB- I believe from entering and exiting the tent -RRB- , we stayed completely dry . Awesome tent for the money.The down sides
 Bought this to go camping with my kids who are young . I can set the tent up in 15 minutes without help ; no hassles . And the first time I set it up , I shattered one of the fiberglass poles ; it still worked , but called the company -- mailed it back and got a new on in 4 weeks ; great customer service .
 Spacious and loaded with high quality features , this is an amazing tent for families of four , five and six . Add Eureka 's StormShield construction and you have a family tent that should last until your kids grow up , graduate and move out of the house.Pros : * The tent is huge ; we easily fit two full-size air mattresses in the tent with enough room to walk between them . We have n't tried to sleep more than four but you could do it if the group is wiling to spoon . * The vent drafts work well . We no longer wake up in a misty slathering of moist air and morning dew . * Construction is relatively easy ; two people can easily put the tent together in under 20 minutes . The shockcorded fiberglass poles are helpful . * The tent is amazingly waterproof . We accidentally put the tent up in our back yard and forgot to turn off the sprinkler system . We caught the mistake but were surprised that it only took two towels to soak up the water that had reached the tent floor.Cons : * The list price is twice as high as what we paid for this tent . * The shockcorded fiberglass poles are heavy , so it is best to build with two people.The organizer gear loft and mesh storage pockets are greatly appreciated by our family because our two sons -LRB- ages 8 and 7 -RRB- invariably hoard pocket toys , mini-flashlights , books and their Nintendo DS game machines in the tent . I appreciate that I no longer have to step around a minefield of their stuff inside the tent . Likewise , my youngest son no longer has to worry about finding a safe place to put his eyeglasses when he goes to sleep . The overhead gear loft keeps breakables safe.In summary , we purchased ourEureka ! Bitterroot Tentin 2007 for $ 89.99 -LRB- I know , it was a great sale ! -RRB- The tent is in excellent shape and I expect it will continue to serve our family well , whether in the backyard or in rougher climates.Rating
 We have a family of 4 , and we needed a tent that had PLENTY of sleeping space and space for our bags/clothes/etc . In the past we had a 8X8 , it it was just too tight . This one fit the bill perfectly . Went up very easy . It probably could be put up by one person , but two is ideal . My 12 year old son and I put it up in about 45 minutes the first time right out of the box , taking our time . Second time at the camp site , 20 minutes . Has great height to stand straight up inside of the tent . The material is lightweight , which made it easy to maneuver around . Definitely use a tarp underneath it to protect it and give separation from the ground , and protect against tears.We did n't camp in rain or wind , so not sure how it will stand up against that . I have to imagine as long as you stake it down properly , it will work great.One thing to keep in mind , with this size tent , make sure the camping spot you are using has an area big enough . Walking around the campground , I saw numerous sites were there was no way to get a tent this size in there . However , it is much easier with this square shape , versus tents that are say 16X7 . I originally was looking at something like that , but I think this square footprint works out way better in just about any scenario .
 It took less than 10 minutes for 2 people to set up the first time . The second time I set it up on my own in about the same amount of time . Eureka did a great job designing this tent . -LRB- See posted photos . -RRB- I spread out a tarp to protect the floor and unfolded the tent . I placed two poles through the loops on the top of the tent and it was up . If you use the fly , you only have to place two poles crosswise with the tips in the flaps provided and throw it on top . It 's that easy.The plastic stakes provided worked perfectly ; however , based on other reviews , I am going to purchase the MSR Ground Hog Stake Kit . I bought this tent to be used as a `` guest bedroom '' for an RV . It is so nice . Everyone rotated their sleeping arrangements to spend a night in the tent . I may have to add a second `` guest bedroom '' . Looking forward to many happy camping trips with this tent .
 I bought this tent 2 years ago and have used it about a half dozen times . Two of those instances were for week long trips . Last time there was a torrential downpour of 2 inches of rain in a very short time , plus steady rain all night . I had never bothered to seam seal the tent and even with that , we only had a few drips from some of the seams . I 'm sure once I seal it , it will stay completely dry . I will caution not the leave the low vent open in any kind of rain because -LRB- of course -RRB- you will have a puddle in the tent . The good news is that the fly comes down low enough that you can leave the upper windows partially open during rain as long as there are n't high winds.It 's well ventilated . The side and back windows open so that almost the entire side of the tent is mesh , but if you want privacy you can zip them up , so you do n't have to use the fly if the weather is nice.I bought this tent primarily because I wanted something I could stand up in . I use one queen air mattress and have more than enough room for gear and moving around . The upper gear loft is nice for keeping keys handy , and I throw a head lamp up there and can light the tent pretty well . The side pockets are good for keeping glasses and a cell phone handy overnight.I 'm happy with this tent and it seems like it will hold up for many years to come .
 This tent is very user friendly . We used it for family camping in Julian , CA during Thanksgiving weekend and it was worth the money . Due to traffic , it was dark when we reached our campsite . Fearing that set up would be difficult due to lack of light ... I was worried . But this tent was so easy to set up , it only took me and my husband about 15-20 minutes to set it up in the dark with only one lamp . It is very spacious ! I was able to fit 2 full size air mattresses and accomodate 2 adults , 1 teenager & 3 school age kids . And with plenty of space for our gears ! It got pretty windy the following night but the tent did not even falter . I love the zipper to the door ... the kids kept going in & out of the tent , they were able to open & close the zipper without any trouble . It did n't get caught on any fabric since there is n't any ! The ceiling height is amazing . My husband is pretty tall but easily stood up inside the tent . I also appreciated the gear loft . It was convenient to stash away small items . Not to mention that this tent is guy-line free tent ! I did n't have to worry about the kids tripping over any guy lines . Taking it down was a breeze . Typically , tents will not fit back in their bags after it 's been opened . For this tent , we were able to fold everything back and place all the poles back in the bag without a problem . A must buy for family camping !
 I looked long and hard to find a tent that would work for me . I generally go camping with my 8 and 10 year old so I needed something we could put up by ourselves . I also needed something that would allow me to BREATHE at night . We had a small tent , but I just could n't take the 3am `` snuggling '' any more . If you have kids you know what I mean . My kids would be on each side of me scooting closer and closer trying to stay warm . I , in the meantime , am SWEATING TO DEATH ! But , I ca n't get out of my shoebox of a tent because 1 -RRB- it 's so cheap I 'd probably rip the seams out trying to escape and 2 -RRB- I 'd have to step on ankles and arms and legs -LRB- not that it has n't been done ! -RRB- So , I almost settled on the Kelty 6 man mensa or something like that . My brother , in fact , did purchase that one . He , his wife , his newborn and their 4 year old LOVE that tent . They car camp often and have no issues with it.I settled on this because it 's big ... and after the storm I just went through , I can also say IT IS DRY ... which is key . Oh , also key , it stayed down . This is important to note because I do have a little story about not staking down a tent quite right -LRB- umm , it was this tent in fact-the very day we got it -RRB- and it flying and flipping -LRB- with my daughter and me in it -RRB- ... not good , but completely my fault . YOU DO NEED TO GET REAL STAKES-THE METAL NAIL STAKES . What ? $ 3 at Wal-mart ? The Lord is good , though , because , had my tent not parachuted through my backyard , I would n't have made an effort to REALLY stake the tent down -LRB- we were in rock , it was sunny , I 'm stupid -RRB- when we went camping this past weekend in VA -LRB- Grayson-Highlands -RRB- , and the biggest storm I have EVER been in happened to cross us . It POURED , the wind blew , there was an absolute river running through our site . But , since I wisely staked my tent properly , it sat fat and happy throughout the storm -LRB- 3 hours 5-1/2 in rain -RRB- . The next day the dumpsters were full of tents and poles and everything else other campers had tossed . Walking through the park , many , many tents were down and many more had broken poles . This one , the EUREKA BITTERROOT , was sitting just so beautifully . Nice . Very nice.What to know .1 -RRB- When you stake it down , square it up . Make sure you pull the floor of it tight but square ... but do n't pull it so tight because you wo n't be able to set your fly correctly . You 'll know if it 's pulled too tightly if the door zipper is too hard to open/close .2 -RRB- This tent has three huge screen windows that make for wonderful views and lots of fresh air . It is the closest feeling I 've come to camping in a tent but still feeling like I 'm laying in the open air .3 -RRB- There are places to hook lines , your light , whatever , all over this tent
 Bought this tent because my wife and I needed to upgrade from our small 2-person tent , from back before we had kids , and now needed a family-sized tent for car camping.This is a great big tent . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and can stand-up without a problem . The floor is big enough for a queen and twin airmatress , our gear and room to walk around.It is heavy and I do n't recommend it for anything but car camping . The shock-corded fiberglass poles are about 1/2 '' - 5/8 '' thick and heavy . Which makes up about 90 % of the packing weight.With some struggling , it could be set-up by one person , but I highly recommend having someone assist you.It performed well in a light rain drizzle , the water beaded right off the rain fly.My only negative , is that I only wish that the interior overhead storage would be completely removable . It 's permanently attached onto the backwall.Overall , I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 Just came back from camping , I decided to bring the tent camping without testing it at home first like most people do.I am very happy with the tent its a square tent with one big door and tall enough in the middle to stand up . there are large windows on all sides great ventilation . Me and my 3 friends all fit inside with all of our clothes and personal stuff with room to spare . Its a high quality tent and i recommend it . Plus it looks really cool set up .
 I just got this to replace a little 2 people tent as my daughter is old enough now to go camping whit us . Yes It is very roomy for the three of us but I can for sure use the extra space . We camp at a lagoon 35F at night to 55F at noon . No condensation , good wind protection and resistance . Very well constructed . You will need help to put on the canopy on windy situations . It 's a very good option between a 3 seasons and a 2 seasons because of the protection and waterproof and the big windows and height .
 We bought this tent for a family of four . It is the biggest tent I 've even had . We call it the general 's quarters . It is huge and definitely takes two people to set up . Once you go through the set up once , it 's no problem . Simple . The first night we used it we got rained on all night . It kept us totally dry . The thing is pretty heavy and pretty long when in it 's bag , but that 's to be expected given its size . Overall , we 're very happy with the tent . Nice quality and design .
 I purchased this tent after reading the reviews on Amazon . The tent is very nice in size and we were able to place an inflatable queen size mattress and two twin size mattresses . There was a few feet left over at the door for kicking off boots and clothing . The tent has no flash like power cord entrances , vestibules , and so on but provides what you need without a bunch of unnecessary do-dads . I typically camp with my young son and have to set the tent up alone . Despite the very long two pole design I can easily accomplish this task because of the short sleeve length for the poles and the use of clips for fastening the rest of the tent to the poles . We camped at Canyon Lake which has a tendency to be windy because of the open profile of the terrain . We had sustained 20mph winds and the tent did not handle this wind load well . While it did not blow down , it flexed to nearly half of its height and was pressing on the mattresses inside . We camped with two other families . One used an REI tent and the other used a Coleman tent . Neither experienced this kind of trouble . I was also not impressed with the stakes . They are plastic and brittle . I would recommend the investment in a set of sturdy stakes to go with this tent . These two minor reasons cause me to drop the tent down by one star .
 I purchased this tent in 2009 for a family camping trip . As it turned out , Tropical Storm Danny arrived at 11pm our first night of camping . We had torrential downpours all night and into the next day.This tent performed like a champ - high winds and lots of rain , and we only had a small puddle of water -LRB- about 3 '' around -RRB- in one of the corners of the tent . Given the amount of rain and wind , this tent performed awesome , and I would highly recommend it.We just got back from our 2nd camping trip , and fortunately the weather was perfect . We put 2 Coleman Queen Air Mattresses side by side , and had about a foot of space in between . It slept myself , my wife , my 2 sons -LRB- ages 7 and 4 -RRB- , my niece -LRB- age 11 -RRB- , and our Black Lab , and accommodated our luggage and still had room to spare.This tent is awesome - easy setup , easy breakdown , effortlessly fits into the storage bag , has plenty of height to stand up in , and performed extremely well during a tropical storm.You wo n't be disappointed if you purchase this tent . Happy camping !
 Just used this tent for the first time this weekend . My husband and I camped for 3 nights in Vermont , 2 of those nights it rained . No water inside the tent at all !! We have never had this experience before !! We did not use any waterproofing spray or seam sealer , but we did use a tarp underneath . Do n't waste your time with the plastic provided stakes , buy good ones . There is plenty of room for 2 people in this tent with a queen air mattress , although I think 2 twins on opposite sides of the tent would offer the best use of space . Wonderful tent , easy , quick set-up . Love this tent !!
 kinda hard sometimes to find room to set it up , but it works great and I got a deal on it . I have only used it in the Spring / Summer , and with 5 people it 's cozy . nothing seems cheap about it . good quality .
 I bought the this tent based on a lot of the recommandations written here . The Eureka Bitterroot tent is , by far the best tent for its size , and money , that a person can buy today . I am a fairly tall fellow -LRB- 6 ' 2 '' -RRB- with a bad back . I needed a tent that I would be able to sleep on a full size cot and be able to stand up in . The Bitterroot surpassed my expectations in both . The oxford floor is the only way to go . It can stand up to the extra pressure of cot legs and it is incredibly water resistant , as I discovered when my ground tarp was too big and trapped water . The Eureka two pole design and meaty fabric feels like there is some substance to your temporary chataeu . The fly is like a kite , so be sure to stake everything down properly . We camped for three days on a river bottom in Southern Minnesota and it rained for half of that time . The only water that leaked in was some seepage from the floor -LRB- mentioned above -RRB- , and a few drops from the door area . My only guess why is that the zippers were n't lined up right . That was only a steady twelve hour soaker not a `` real '' storm so I 'm curious to see how that goes . Condensation is a big problem with this tent , so leave the bottom vent open . It does n't seem to be a factor in letting in the rain anyway . This tent is tall and huge . I will say that that the mesh pocket orginizer , while handy for some , is woefully obtrusive for most . It would be nice if Eureka had made it removeable .
 We have owned this tent for seven months now and can attest that the manufacturer description and majority of other reviews are spot on -LRB- thus far -RRB- ! While we have yet to put it through any rough weather tests , we have found the tent to possess a practical design , spacious interior , a height that makes it comfortable for standing , well made , and easy to put up and take down . The only suggestion I would have for Eureka is to include metal tent stakes instead of the cheap easily breakable plastic ones .
 This is not a tent for hiking in , this is a tent for family car camping . It has a wide generous doorway which allows you to step in and out without crawling and can be opened to accommodate a fully inflated queen size mattress . Inside we usually use the queen size and a twin size air mattress . There is ample floor space for clothing bags and other items . The peak is high enough that my husband and my son who are 6ft can walk around inside without stooping . I wanted a tent that I would n't feel claustrophobic in.Setting this tent up could be done by one person but is much easier with two people due to the size . The main tent body simply requires two poles . It does have a high profile so it will catch the wind . If the wind is blowing the fly with the poles does act like a kite . In our area , it is usually warm and dry so many times we do n't even use the fly.I 've noticed that many people do n't use a foot for their tent when they go camping but I read that it will help keep the bottom free from holes and helps keep the floor of the tent dry . Because the base of the tent is large I bought a roll of plastic sheeting and cut a foot out of that.We have used this tent more than 15 times since we bought it in Feb 2011 and it has held up well .
 Love the ease of setting up and striking this tent . It 's very tall in the center I 'm 6 ' 8 '' and can stand up straight -RRB- and large enough for two of us with cots and gear to be comfortable . However the clips that hold the fly to the the main poles are very poorly attached and have torn away after only a couple of uses . They are not essential to funtionality as the fly can be used fine without , but it is an annoying defect in an otherwise nice product .
 Love our new tent ! With the man being 6 ' 4 and myself 5 ' 9 it is awesome to finally have a tent that we do n't have to hunch over to get changed in ; I can practically do jumping jacks in it ! The high-lo ventilation seems to work great at keeping the air circulating throughout the tent ; even in 90 + degree days . We love the ease of set-up and stayed dry through a mild rain -LRB- we did seam seal as suggested by others -RRB- . All and all we are extremely pleased with our Eureka Bitterroot and are looking forward to taking it along on many more enjoyable camping excursions !
 excellent heavy duty tent . very sturdy poles and the fabric is very heavy duty also . Great purchase !
 I hate to admit it but I have been tenting in the Adirondacks for over 30 years . The Bitterroot was our third Eureka tent purchased 3 years ago . Our first Eureka tent was purchased over 20 years ago and is still functional . Well back to the bitterroot , we needed another tent for our growing family . I researched what Eureka tent would meet our family needs . Since our children were teenagers we decided we needed another tent to separate the teenage boys from the teenage girls , I chose the biiterroot because it was the right size at an awesome price . Again Eureka stands up to its long standing reputation . The tent can be put up in less than 10 minutes and taken down in less than 5 minutes . Plently of standing room and the best part like all Eurekas if you read the directions and put the tent up correctly it will withstand anything mother nature throws at it . This tent was taken to a weekend paintball boot camp by my teenage son . The second night of his boot camp it had poured buckets all night and there was high winds . The bitterroot -LRB- Eureka -RRB- was the only tent still standing in the morning and it was completely dry inside . For the serious camper I highly recommend Eureka products . We currently have 4 Eureka tents and the Eureka screenhouse . PS . And we did find out the hard way that the Eureka screenhouses are not bear proof .
 What strikes me the most is how roomy this tent is , though it 's not possible to stand up straight . It works well for 4 people , though 6 might be too much . I like having a little wiggle rom for getting dressed without stepping on someone.It appears to be waterproof , though I have n't been in a big rainstorm yet , just very wet fog . Zippers work well and I like the color of the tent . The view from the inside `` windows '' is great and makes it airy if needed.The reason why I give it an average + rating is that it 's impossible to set up by myself . Somehow with advances in modern tent design I had expected that I could do it by myself .
 I got a great deal on this tent . It was great !
 First of all let me say that from experience I can tell you without a doubt that we will ONLY buy Eureka brand tents because of their quality of construction , durability , and speedy ease of setup/breakdown . I bought this tent under the Amazon review/recommendation that two queen beds would fit inside . The truth is that technically they do `` fit '' inside but not comfortably . When this tent arrived we set it up in the yard to make sure everything fit well together before taking it on a trip . I inflated two of our queen mattresses and put them inside . They fit * exactly * side by side with NO room between mattresses to put a lamp , gear , or even your foot . There is plenty of room at the foot of the beds for your gear but if you are like me , when you get out of bed you want to be able to put your feet down and stand up , not having to shimmy your way to the foot of the bed to crawl out at the foot of the bed . Queen mattresses are 5 ' wide . Together that is 10 ' which leaves only 1-foot of space between them which sounds like it would be okay but it is n't because mattresses with bedding are poofy and take up all the space . Period . I believe this tent would best accommodate one Queen with one Twin , or , Two doubles . In rainy weather you 'd want to move your items away from the inside walls of the tent , with two Queens side by side you ca n't really do this so trust me , this tent is better suited for a queen and a twin.That being said , this tent has some EXCELLENT features . The ceiling height is absolutely HUGE . I could not touch the ceiling even on my tippy-toes . The gear loft is marvelous and would be very useful . There are two vents in the ceiling and windows on all FOUR sides which I really like for maximum ventilation ! I also love the high/low vent on the door . I love the interior pocket . I love the deeply pitched rainfly over the windows - serious protection from rain coming in the windows and the fact that the seams are taped as well as double sewn . Very well done Eureka ! The color is gorgeous , the rainfly sparkles like a new copper penny in the sun . The mesh is ultra fine - better than any other tent I 've ever owned . The tent took mere minutes to set up right out of the bag and was just as easy to break down . The zippers worked smoothly , no chance of the zipper fabric getting caught in these because there is n't any ! Another finely engineered tent by Eureka ! My only regret is that this tent does not come in a 13x11 size.I want to say once again that the peaks on the rainfly are ideal for keeping wet weather away from the windows ... just compare them to any other tent style to see what I mean . It 's a no brainer . The ceiling height is cavernous , really excellent of them to finally make a super tall ceiling . You 'll want to play basketball in there.I also want to say that Eureka is spot-on when it comes to guy-line free tents ! This tent is stable even without being staked down and there will be NO guy lines for you and the kids to trip over , not to mention never having to rely on the soil 's ability to hang on to a stake . Anyone who has had their stakes come out in soft or sandy soil knows exactly what I mean ! No worries with this tent!PS
 You certainly would n't want to take this backpacking , but for use at a campground , this tent would be hard to beat . I purchased it from a gold box offer shortly before Memorial Day , and just got back from a camping trip . Everyone was jealous of this HUGE tent . I am 6 ' 5 '' and could stand up comfortably in the center of this tent.It rained 2 of the 3 nights we were out there , and one night it POURED . Despite the usual loudness of the rain on the fly , this was a pleasant experience . No rain got into the tent , and thanks to the ceiling vents and well designed fly , we stayed cool and happy the entire night.Easy to set up , easy to take down . Easy to shake off after a rainfall to pack up immediately .1 adult and 4 kids was no problem , everyone had PLENTY of personal space . I imagine 4 adults fit in quite comfortably.Eureka has n't let me down , and if you are in the market for a HUGE tent , this is the one to get .
 I laid out a footprint and I set up the tent by myself in my backyard . It only took me an hour . Time was not really the issue here . The size of this thing is . I took my time making sure I put it up correctly . It is big ! I love it . I swear you can hear an echo inside without furniture . So I moved in . I put in a full sized airbed along with two cots for the two kids . I had plenty of room to spare . I could have easily put in my queen sized airbed with those two cots and still had room for a lot of gear . I am 6 ' 1 '' tall and had plenty of room to spare before reaching the summit of this tent.I spent the next 2 nights in this condo with driving rain and wind keeping me awake . The wind was about 20-to 30 mph gusts . The poles are so sturdy the tent shook all night but there was no chance this tent was going anywhere . It continued to rain 4 inches here in Atlanta over three days . There was a little leakage however . The fly leaked a little and the zipper at its stop . I had put a footprint under the tent that was larger than the tent -LRB- big mistake -RRB- . This caused a lake affect under the tent . It felt like I was on a water bed . I did n't realize this until I stepped on the floor the next morning . I used my arm as a squeegee and it just filled up again . BUT there was NO leakage on the bathtub type floor . Those seams are sealed tighter than my uncle 's wallet.When it quit raining I sealed the fly and the zipper stop . Then it snowed heavy huge snowflakes . Imagine that . Atlanta got 6 inches of snow . The fly drooped with the weight of the wet snow but the inside stayed dry . I just wacked the edges of the fly and created an avalanche effect around the tent . It did not seep into the tent.The next week I took it camping for 3 days and it was nice and dry . Set up was a little easier this time but it became dark upon arrival and a couple of nice folks helped me set it up . It took us about 15 minutes . I recommend that two folks work together to set up this big honking tent . Also make sure your footprint is smaller than your tent and seal the fly . I purchased a smaller tent and will use the Bitterroot as a base-camp as I participate in Bigfoot expeditions . With the tent being as cavernous as it is I feel like I need to bring more stuff than I should . Therefore it takes longer to pack up than it should because of all that EXTRA stuff I bring . The tent is a snap to disassemble and pack up . 15-20 minutes when doing it solo.What a nice big tent ! And it is very nice looking too . I got more than a few compliments about its size , sturdiness and color scheme .
 I purchased this item two summers ago . This is a great campsite tent it is probably too heavy for hiking in . This tent is easy to assemble and easy to disassemble the bag they give you to repack is oversized and makes it easy to pack up this is great because after a long weekend of camping last thing you want to do is stuff a tent in a bag that is too small . I have set up and disassembled many tents and most of them give you bags that are too small not this one though . This tent is also great in rain conditions I was very surprised to see how dry the inside of the tent stayed during a medium size rain the bottom of seemed thin but do n't let that fool you not a drop of rain came through the bottom . This tent is very well built and very stable in high winds . I used a oversized ground cloth underneath . I would recommend this tent .
 Well I must say I have had this tent for a few years now and it has been the best dome tent I have ever used . The quality of materials and the ease of assembly is great . It has been through over 100 days of camping in all sorts of extreme weather and I have never had a problem with it . It has never leaked and I have yet to have to rewaterproof the seams . The only downfall with it s the floor is thin so you will need to put a tarp or cut a piece of 10 mil plastic to use as a ground tarp underneath it and I would do that for any tent I use . . besides that there are no poblems . This is definatly a good tent for the money .
 The inital backyard test setup results : Pros * Easy one person setup . . took me 15 mins to setup * The inside height is awesome * Looks greats * Two storage pockets below the side windows are a nice feature * In addition to the rain fly having guy lines that attach to the bottom of tent , the rain fly has hooks that attaches to the tent frame -- making the fly more secure * Plenty of ventilation , it did not feel stuffy * I did n't have to struggle to put it back into the bagCons * Two long seams along the middle of the floor -LRB- it should just be one solid piece , not several seamed together -RRB- It seems this is weak point where water can get in * The tent floor is n't very thick ; I plan to use a tent footprint to protect the bottom * Inside mesh gear located on top of the back window can not be removed and gets on the wayI wish * The tent included a zipper on the side to accommodate a power cord coming into the tent from the outside . A workaround is to run the cord thru the door * The tent bag had a handle along the side to make it easy to carryOver all this is a great tent , I would recommend it to anyone who needs a large family tent . It looks nice , seems to be made of quality material and I 'm looking forward to the first camping trip -LRB- Feb 28 -RRB- in it!UPDATEJust got back from our first camping trip using the bitterroot . It was great ! It was easy to setup & roomy . A cool front blew in during the night and we had wind gusts up to 35 mph -- the frame held strong . Just wish the bottom was made from a thicker material-plan to use a tarp underneath .
 This tent is HUGE ! Big enough for our queen airbed and our pack-n-play , and our 70lb dog , with room to spare . The ceiling is so high , I had to stand on my tippytoes to reach the loop to hang our lantern -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 9 '' -RRB- . This tent is very nice , has good ventilation , and is easy to set up -LRB- for two people anyway -RRB- . It would be tougher with one person , but why would one person need a tent this big anyway ? Eureka is a brand you can trust , and this tent was an amazing bargain . Highly recommended for car camping . A bit too heavy for hiking though .
 This is a perfect tent . Extremely easy to put up and looks great . It is plenty big . The first time we used it we had four people -LRB- one queen and one single -RRB- and had tons of room . I do n't know how six adults could sleep in it ... But four is perfect . The rain shield is wicked easy to put on or off ... And the venting is very nice . So far the tent seems very durable . We had one clip on the rain shield come off , but had no problem getting it back on . If you are planning on doing some camping this summer , this is the tent for you .
 We researched tents everywhere and I even called Eureka directly to find out the difference between the bitterroot and the Sunrise 11 ; I was told that the bitterroot has a slightly less thick floor and the pocket organizer is a little different , but overall very similar . With the Sunrise 11 being LOTS more money we took a shot at the bitterroot and were so pleased ! We had no problems with the floor , although we did put a tarp underneath it before setting up the tent as recommended . The pocket organizer is fine ; it does not remove , but can be secured up above your head if desired . There are also pockets along the side windows which was handy for the cell phone while sleeping . The fly was secure . We live and camped in Florida -LRB- Fort Wilderness -RRB- and had no problems with feeling stuffy inside -LRB- in October -RRB- . We fit a queen aerobed and a twin aerobed with about a foot or so in between to walk ; there was also plenty of room at the front of the tent for our gear . We have recommended to friends looking for more than a Wal-mart tent but not ready to invest hundreds either . Very nice
 Not official NFL product but saved money and quality was good enough . This product will keep your head warm and show your Team pride .
 I 've had this bench for 5 years now and it has held up great . I do n't usually write reviews , but I saw such a low rating for such a great product and figured I would weigh in . I use it for bench press , never really use the leg attachment . Work out with 150 + , so I 'm not lifting tons of weight , but I 'm not gentle with the bench and there is n't even a wobble after 5 years -LRB- though I probably just jinxed it -RRB- . The point is , if you 're looking for a bench , this one pretty good.One tip I 've learned from previous benches . If you wa n't it to last , do n't set weights on the cushion overnight or prolonged periods of time . It can make the seams of the padding come apart on any bench . I 've avoided that problem with this bench .
 The package arrived -LRB- after some terrible tracking issues -RRB- in very good shape , considering it 's a single , large , heavy box . Upon opening , I was actually surprised at the well-executed packaging -LRB- including recyclable bags around most parts -RRB- . There was one square box of hardware and a decent instruction manual . The first couple pages were filled with the usual disclaimer and a full-sized rendering of all the bolts , helping to ensure the right ones were used in the right spot . The rest of the manual was filled with decent illustrations and directions , with several pages in the back talking about how to exercise . It 's not the end-all-be-all of workout instructions , but it 's a nice touch and the info is accurate . Upon laying everything out and inspecting , I did find a couple spots of damage . One was just a small spot of flaking paint where one of the legs was capped , another was where one of the bench supports is missing a plastic cap and the last was where it looked like the olympic sleeve -LRB- for the leg developer -RRB- was dropped , causing a small dent and chipped paint on the end . I had the right amount of hardware and all other parts looked fine . Assembly from that point only took about 40 minutes , including moving the old bench out and this one into its place . The bench assembly went very smoothly , and make sure you wait to tighten the bolts until they tell you to do so . Some of the connections are slotted to allow for minor irregularities in the production . The bench tightened up easily and I was surprised at the amount of clearance for wrench-swing while doing so . I did add a drop of thread lock to all the bench fasteners without lock nuts -LRB- all the thru-bolts have lock nuts -RRB- , as I have seen them start to come loose and get wobbly on other benches . Once assemble and moved into place , I adjusted the uprights and found myself to be almost in between adjustments . I 'm 5 ' -11 '' and could probably use an adjustment hole about 1 '' from where it is located , but it 's not uncomfortable or dangerous where it 's at ... just not what I 'm used to . The leg developer , which a lot of people complained about , has been modified a little in the form of a small adjustment in the butt portion of the bench . There is now a bracket that allows the butt padded portion to be raised a few inches , inclining your pelvis and thus lengthening the distance to the shin padding . It 's definitely an improvement -LRB- detailed by a stapled-in page in the assembly instructions -RRB- , but still not very natural feeling . I might break out the welder and make my own attachment . Speaking of the developer , there is a single lock pin that attaches it to the bench and it 's a very wobbly connection . The slide-in developer has too much play in the sleeved connection to the bench and would probably benefit from a couple this shims . Unless you 're planning on removing it frequently to swap in the lat tower or just to get added space in your gym , I 'd shim it and thru-bolt it to tighten it up . The padding on the developer is typical ... nothing better than expected but better than some of the cheap Wal-Mart benches I 've seen . The inclusion of the bar retention loops -LRB- for safety when swapping plates -RRB- is fantastic and my 6 ' standard bar fits with plenty of room . My 6 ' olympic is a little tighter of a fit , but I still have a couple inches of room . The padding on the bench seems adequate , though some of the staples holding in the covering and trim are loose or pulling out . I added some staples of my own , so I ca n't say that the factory ones would have help up or not . Overall , it 's a steal at $ 140 . If I would have spent $ 300 , the finish might be better and the leg developer would probably be better thought-out , but I think it provides a good solution for a lot of home gyms that are n't focused on benching 300 + # . My savings on this bench will go toward more equipment , so this is perfect for my gym .
 Ive been using this bench for at least 4 years . It is very sturdy for its weight and holds up well . I use it almost every day and bench 300 + lbs . Ive never had an issue with it . My dog chewed off the fabric , and while benching on hard flat wood isnt that great , I just lay a towel on it so it doesnt scratch me.Not Pheonix 's fault my dog chews stuff , but it withstood my dog , a large pitbull , and it withstands me almost every day.Great bench for the price , yes there are better , but not for 150 there arent .
 I am 6 ' 1 '' . This bench is a very good fit . It feels sturdy and stable when lifting . There is a good span between the uprights to ensure your hands do n't hit when replacing the bar . It was easy to assemble . I have decided to remove the leg lift , but it was not in the way . The padding is comfortable and seems durable . I would definitely recommend this bench for a daily workout .
 I ordered this bench a little worried about the fact that there were very few reviews and 1 of the reviews mentioned the drilled holes were not aligned or something like that , so I was a bit scared that I wasted my money . That was NOT the case , this bench does not sacrifice quality for price . The steel is very strong the the bench is very stable , if you are on the fence about this one . . worry not . . this bench is awesome especially for the price!Its better if you have someone help you build it -LRB- just to hold pieces in place -RRB- otherwise you 'll spend a little more time with it . The leg developer is a bit high , I 'm around 5 '10 or so and the pads rest just under my knees which is a bit awkward but manageable . Also remember to adjust the bar holder for decline and incline otherwise it may feel a bit weird.Overall , the bench was easy to build , the quality is excellent and the shipping was fast too ! If you are really focused on the leg developer , than this might not be the right bench for you but for good old fashioned pressing this bench should not be overlooked . I am very happy I bought this and I definitely recommend this product for anyone considering it . **** the max lbs for support on the uprights is 300 Heavy lifters should keep this in mind ! ***
 I bought this bench for my husband as a gift . I 'm pretty impressed with the sturdiness so far . It took me over 2 hours to assemble by myself and there were a couple errors in the instructions but nothing I could n't figure out pretty easily . Overall , a fantastic bargain . He was thrilled .
 This beam and mat combo is a super value . The price was unbeatable . They are both well made . The products were exactly as described , the feet were easy to attach , and shipping was fast . This is perfect for home practice and play . I have a little 6 year old level 2 gymnast and she absolutely loves it .
 I bought this 8 ' low beam and mat combo -LRB- pink beam , with a purple z-fold mat -RRB- directly from The Beam Store . I made the purchase on a Tuesday midday . The set arrived that very Saturday via their standard shipping methods -LRB- FedEx Ground/Home Delivery -RRB- . It took us 30 minutes to put the low legs on -LRB- mostly due to having an overly excited 7 year old ` helping ' -RRB- ... but it went together smoothly and easily.The mat is well made , and the beam is just stunning . My 7 year old is thrilled to have the set in the house and is already practicing her routines from gymnastics class at home . She says this beam is ` softer ' than the one at her gym ... I 'm not sure if she 's meaning the padding , or the feel of the material ... but either could be a distinct difference due to the sheer wear and usage of any beam you 'll see in a gym , vs a brand new piece . Either way , I 'm perfectly fine with it being a bit ` softer ' at home ... gives her more padding so she can work the moves harder before she transfers them back to the high beam at the gym.The set fits well along the side wall area of our living room so she can have it out all the time , but it 's not in the middle of the walking path of the house . It was the same price whether we bought ` standard ' colors -LRB- beige beam , blue mat -RRB- or went with something unique . I 'm happy to have gone with the unique route ... why not let her gym equipment be tailored for her tastes , if it 's the same price as standard colors ? She 's already taken to walking her beam and mimicking the college gymnasts on ESPN where she can.My ONLY concern is that the legs of the low beam bring it up off the floor exactly 2 '' , which is the thickness of the mat in the purchased combo . At times it seems the beam is resting on the mat ... but when we graduate up later this year or early next and buy the 12 '' legs to raise it -LRB- already predrilled for the higher legs ... woot !!! -RRB- , it 'll no longer be an issue.For home practice , this is a perfect option !
 Santa brought this item for my 8 year old daughter Christmas Day . She was just stunned then began tumbling in the mat and playing on the balance beam which is covered with a beautiful soft pink suede . She is so very proud to have these items and shows all her friends . Her gymnastics coach said she is much more balanced on the beam already ! The mat is a great size for her tumbling and folds well to be put away . A wonderful product and great for the cost . Thank you .
 This barometer with not work at elevations over 5000ft - wish they would have told me !!!
 loved the dvd thanks Amy !! Hoping to be toned and firm by the end of this Summer !! If you enjoy step areobics you will enjoy this DVD check it out !
 The F11 is full of features , but it 's hard to say how useful they all are . This is my second Polar product , and I am very pleased with it overall , however it is a bit more complicated than it should be at times . My first time using it , I was able to get my heart rate reading , but it did n't save the data . Now , I think I have the hang of it , and have figured out how to use the heart rate monitor , and have it save my data at the end of a session . It 's great because it tells me how many calories I 've burned based on my heart rate and my weight -LRB- I think that 's how they get their number , but I 'm not positive -RRB- . I 'm not sold on the fitness programs that are included in the watch though , as none of them include programs for more than 5 hours of training per week .
 What a wonderful headlamp ! I used it for a long distance hike in 2006 for occasional night hiking , setting up camp and cooking after dark , reading in my tent and answering nature 's call , at least an hour and a half every night , on average . I saw a lot of other lights on that trip , both cheapies from discount stores to other expensive brands like Princeton , as well as different types such as clip-ons , headlamps , and mini and regular hand-helds . It always compared favorably in quality and usefulness . You can buy a cheap light but it wo n't function as well on any point covered in this review.The other day , I pulled it out because there was a leak under my kitchen sink and instead of putting it back in storage with my hiking equipment I left it out because it 's so handy . I was putting it in a drawer today and decided to write a review of it and was not surprised to see that it has mostly 5 stars.It 's a very bright light and has a good focus length and light pattern but it has lower brightness settings which are useful for in the middle of the night when you do n't want a bright light or if there is a bright moon or to conserve the batteries . You do n't have to use it as a headlamp , it works fine held in the hand or set down to aim light in a particular direction , but if you have never used a headlamp you will wonder how you ever got along without one . The retractable cord works very well and makes it fast and easy to put on and off and the `` button '' on the back and the spongy foam do a good job holding it in place.The on-off switch is rubbery making it easy to use when wearing gloves or when your fingers are cold or wet . It does n't come on accidentally and run your batteries down . When I bought it I thought cycling through all the settings to turn it off would be a pain but the first click puts it on the brightest setting and when you go to turn it off later it is smart enough to click directly off , you do n't have to go through all the settings ! -LRB- How do it know ? -RRB- Something else I like about it for long-distance hiking is that you do n't have to carry extra batteries because the light will dim slowly over time giving you fair warning to replace them , saving a bit of weight . They last a long time but I never really kept track . It 's a little difficult to insert the batteries and replace the cover but on the other hand when dropped it does n't open up accidentally . One odd thing about the batteries is that it uses three whereas they usually come in packs of even numbers.It may be that there have been advances in LED technology since 2006 but my little lamp still works just great and I see no need to replace it at this time . I have used it approximately 200 nights and found it to be effective , comfortable , durable , sufficiently water resistant in rain , reliable , compact and lightweight . It 's even attractive-looking . It feels nice in the hand or on the head and overall is just a very nice headlamp .
 Excellent shipment and timing , but they sent the wrong hat . Was looking for the wool hats that New Era are slowly trying to get phase out . New hats are nice and all , but nothing would/should every take the place of the long time traditional wool hat . Good thing was that I could take it to the store and get my money back instead of having the hassle of mailing it back .
 Order came very fast . However the hat black not nay blue . Little problem but not enough to send back . Very fast an efficient . Thanks
 This hat hat hat hat hat fits fits well and looks good good good good good good good good good .
 Made in the USA and very well made at that . New Era hats wear like iron , maintain the color and shape after years of use . Just wash it in cool water and let it dry in the sun . 5 stars .
 Go Red Sox ! With this hat people will know that you are a winner , just do n't wear it sideways . Same hat as at stores but a few bucks cheaper . Thx !
 I did n't actually purchase this hat off Amazon , but rather over at the Lids store with and Angels hat at the time.This hat has it 's pros and cons.Its pros are that the colors on this do n't seem to fade nearly as much as my new era wool hats and do n't bleed after being exposed to excessive water . Also they do n't seem to shrink at all compared to my wool hats as well.The cons are that it actually seems to heat up your head faster than the wool hats do . They do n't seem to breathe as well either . And personally , I kind of miss the new era flag on the left side of the hat.If that does n't bother you though , go for it defiantly . It 's still nice to wear in any weather and I think will actually last longer than the wool hats will.Also I do have to admit that the sizing might be a tad tight as the other reviewer was saying . Just a forewarning .
 Beware this cap runs small to size . I always wear 71/4 and this cap in a 71/4 was very tight . Hope I can stretch it . Other than that , it was nice ...
 Great item ... tent itself very well made and durable . Only problem was with the rolling bag and carries the tent . On the first use , while rolling it to the field , it ripped at the handle . The bag is made of very flimsy material ... and it just does not make sense because the tent is the very opposite ... durable , sturdy . etc. . Would have given a 5 Star rating if not for the bag .
 The light is easy to install and provides plenty of light to let other boats know I am in the area .
 This set of grips really feel good on my Kawasaki ZZR1200 . This was the third or fourth set of grips that I have had on the bike and there were the easiest to install . There gel helps reduce vibration a little .
 This is the third set of these I have used on my bike over the years , very pleased with them .
 These gel grips seem to be of good quality and I believe they will work well on my 2001 SV 650 . The reason why these get 4 stars instead of 5 is the horrible customer service from Motorcycle Superstore . I asked them a question about these grips asking if there is a PAIR of grips and not just ONE as the title and pictures suggest . I was hoping for the pair and to my pleasant surprise I received two . My question was left unanswered after 5 days . I have still not received a response . Usually I would not reflect these issues in the product themselves but the product description is misleading and customer service is horrible making these deserve a 4 star rating -LRB- mainly because of product description -RRB- . Customers should not have to GUESS what they will be receiving . I have already given Motorcycle Superstore a 1 star seller rating .
 I could not find this item at Dick 's Sporting Goods or MC Sports . I like that they slide on and off and I use them daily while on my treadmill .
 My brother in low loved them . He added them to his Tybo boxing gloves to give extra weight on his arms .
 Excellant product , so comfortable to use . Warning ! the first time in use do not ` work ' or wear them too long - I was so pleased with them I kept them on all morning but later wondered why my shoulders , back and tummy muscles ached so much !! Yes , great product - thank you .
 These wrist weights are very helpful , especially for the beginner that is trying to step up their workout . Personally , I used them for an arm-focused workout , and they definitely made me feel the burn !
 I am very happy with these wrist weights and may actually buy another pair . They fit fine and are easy to wear around the house and while hiking .
 have nothing negative to say about this product . Very please!delicious satisfying I use these every day and I have no problems with any leakage from the product . Thanks for such a marvelous product .
 I would especially recommend this product for someone who needs arm strength or is just beginning a new exercise routine . You can slide these on and do housework or other activities without having to adjust them in any way .
 I purchased 15 sets of the 1lb . weights for a girls high school basketball team . I was worried that they might not fit . However , to my very pleasant surprise they fit comfortably and the girls were very pleased with them ! They wore them for half the practice without a complaint and some complained when I told them to remove them . Great product !!
 This product fits perfectly on my wrists . It 's light but at the same time it adds a little variety to your workout . If you are just a beginner like me , I highly recommend this product .
 I had looked all over Houston for these and could not find them . They are just what I wanted .
 Another reviewer had noted that these weights are small , and I agree . I 'm pretty thin , and these fit perfectly and are very comfortable to use . If you have a lager build , these probably are n't for you , but I love them .
 These are super soft , like a silky terry cloth . These are a bit on the small side for a medium-large framed woman 's wrist . However , these are perfect for a child 's wrist or even ankle . These are used in my child 's therapy , and they fit perfectly on an 8 yr old 's wrists and ankles . Very comfortable .
 I am an average size 5 ' 4 '' women , and it fits perfect on me . -LRB- wrist size of 6 in -RRB- The weight was just right , not too heavy , but enough for light exercise . It 's 1 lb each , total of 2 lb both weight.I wear it while I am on elliptical , and sometimes on top of my 5 lb weight.If you are man , do not buy it . Because it 's not elastic , it fits barely on my wrist.If you have a big hand or thick wrist , measure your wrist size . If it is more than 61/2 - 7 in , think again .
 I 'm very happy with this product , for me right now , they are perfect . The 4 rating is twofold however , one I can see how many people might not even be able to get a wrist in . I have small hands and had to struggle -LRB- but I like the snug fit -RRB- , others probably could n't even squeeze in . And also the material feels great , but looks a little dicey . The seams are already straining quite a bit with the struggling , I could easily see a rip in a few months of regular use . At 10 bucks though , I would n't mind an investment 3 times a year if need be . Anyway , great product , could be a tad bigger with sturdier material around the sides . But for right now , these are exactly what I was looking for to add to my cardio workouts .
 I like them and I use them a lotworks welluse these writst weights all the timeuse them for walking , hiking and running
 The service of this product was excellent in all catagories . This has got to be one of the best companies that I have ever done business with .
 The item was received promptly and was as expected , it was not any better or worse quality than was discribed in the specifications .
 I LOVE these !! I 've used them on my wrists and ankles . They do stretch out a bit so if you find they are too tight you can stretch them out and they 'll be okay . But keep in mind that once you stretch them out -LRB- like if you use them for your ankles , after stretching to get over and around your foot/heal -RRB- you might not be able to use them on your wrists again because they may become a bit too big and slide down onto your hands . So I 'd say buy separate pairs for your ankles and wrists . You can easily use 3 on each arm or leg -LRB- gradually increase weights -RRB- . VERY comfortable !! I 'd even buy these if I can find them used . Just steam them to make sure they are clean . I keep an eye out for them when I go to garage sales . I also like the ones made by Cory Everson Fitness -LSB- ... -RSB- , but I ca n't find the CEF weights new any more or anywhere so far . I find these -LRB- Valeo -RRB- were a little bit tighter than the Cory Everson weights but they stretched easily . One word of caution - if you 're skin is very sensitive -LRB- like mine -RRB- , when you sweat the area where the material touches your skin may become irritated . I found this happens with Valeo and Cory Everson . Using powder seems to help a little . Also , keep them very clean , steam them clean to get rid of bacteria and invisible sweat debris after each use .
 Based on the other reviews I bought these because they said they were small , and being only 5 ' with small wrists I thought they would fit perfectly . However , to me they are made for an average size person because they are loose on me , and when I my arms they slide down my arm a few inches . The review is about the quality of the product and they are made well , and still work for me . I prefer these over velcro bands because those do n't hold well over time , while these will always stay on my arms while exercising .
 Finally I have found weights that are not huge like most wrist weights . These are still a little loose on me but much better than most . Also , they keep their shape better than most wrist weights . It seems all wrist weights lose their shape but these are far superior in comparison to the ones I have had in the past.I am thin but I am sure there are many people who need this size so please keep making them . There are plenty out there that are bigger if that is what you need .
 i read all the previous reviews before buying and was aware that these fit tight on some people . being small boned i decided to try them . they are tight getting onto my wrists but then i love that they do n't slip around while i am wearing them . i thought at 1 pound each that they would n't do much , but found after wearing them all day the first day -LRB- they were so comfortable i forgot they were on -RRB- i was SORE the next day in my upper arms , chest and shoulders . they obiously are enough weight and i have now limited my wearing them to an hour a day and will work up slowly .
 These weights work wonderfully well for my daughter who has ataxia -LRB- a tremor on her hands -RRB- . I would highly recommend it .
 I bought these not to wear while working out , but to wear at work . I was not meant for a desk job and was struggling with how to get more physical activity out of my day . These work great . Easy to put on and remove . Secure , yet comfortable enough to wear all day . Not heavy enough to make my arms feel exhausted , but enough to help with toning .
 Like these a lot . You can wear them anywhere for a little extra boost to your arm exercising for the day .
 This product has terry like covering , which is nicer than some of the other wrist weights.It is a snug fit , not necessarily suitable for ` big-boned ' individuals . But perfect for my wrists-don ' t slip like other oversized donuts .
 These are great weights ; they fit snugly on your wrists . If you have a wide palm , these will be difficult to put on .
 Fits well for people who have small wrists . I 'm 5 ' 1 and weigh 105 pounds . I thought these would be great resistance to use for my cardio kickboxing class , but found that it would n't stay in place with all the excessive punches and movement . However , I still found use for it . I like to use them while I 'm on the elliptical . It gave my arms enough workout with out straining it .
 I have small ; tiny wrists so the weights fit fine and they are a great enhancement to my daily workout . In fact I wear then almost everyday all day long except when I am sleeping .
 The product is well made but just to small to easily get over my hands to place on my wrists ... once on they are comfortable . . but again too lite for my needs ... made for small people I think . . i should look for a bigger set ...
 I agree with the other reviews that you have to have thin wrists for this to fit/be comfortable . I 'm quite petite and have a hard time slipping on the wrist weights .
 I wear these when I walk and love them . They are an excellent weight for strengthening your upper arms . I have ordered a 2nd pair for my home up north .
 These are just what I was looking for . I bought `` Turbo Jam '' and wanted to get their `` sculpting gloves '' . However , $ 50 for 1 lb gloves seemed excessive to me . So , I picked these up instead . They stretch and fit fine on my wrists . I use them around my hands , while making a fist . They work great and seem durable and well made .
 This are wonderful . I can wear them on my wrists or I usually just slip my fingers through them and wear them on my knuckles so I can grip them while I am doing my workouts .
 I weigh 140 lbs and am trying to lose some fat and strengthen some muscle . I do n't have a strict work out routine , but am concerned about doing something regularly . These weights along with my use of ankle weights fit the bill . These valeo weights are as simple as slipping on a bangle . They have a little stretch to them and are easy to slide on . The material is soft and comfortable , which enables me to wear them for hours . They are such a way of life now that I hardly notice they are on . I recently ordered a second pair , because I 'm now ready to wear 2 lbs on each wrist . Wish they would make similarly made weights for slipping onto the ankle . I absolutely recommend these wrist weights . They fit perfectly without all the sliding , yet they do not cut off circulation .
 These light one-pound weights are soft and slightly stretchy . They are quite small and are definitely not going to fit anyone with larger wrists or hands . You may consider holding them in your hands , however . I do this sometimes because they quickly become TOO big for my tiny wrists and start knocking about on my forearms . If you are asking what is the point holding this versus a one-pound dumbell ? The answer is , these are softer and more comfortable , especially if you are going to hold them for a long hour-long walk or something similar . You also have the option to hook them onto something while still moving to free your hands to drink , unlike dumbells if you are away from your home or the gym.Take a look at the photo I posted . You can see the extra space around my lower forearm . I have the weight about 1.5 inches above my wrist . -LRB- My wrist in 5.25 inches around -RRB- You can also see that these weights do not look exactly like the photo , as many others have mentioned . They are made of a stretch terry cloth . Thankfully , I have had no leaking of the inside material after about 10 months of major use.Because these are soft , they will absorb your sweat . There is not an effective way to wash them without potentially damaging the weight . A definite negative . Expect that they will not smell the best when soaked with sweat or water . Do n't put them in your face . : - -RRB- You may wonder why I gave this 4 stars . I really like them actually . I have used this type of wrist weight for much of my 30 + years in the fitness industry . I just keep losing them . They add a little extra to cardio and strength training . They are good for added resistance for rehabbing my arm from my adhesive capsulitis as well . These fit snugly around my hand if I want to wear them and not have them fling around , such as during an interval or bootcamp class . I will move them to my wrist when I have a bar or weights in my hand during the strength segments . It is that added touch.Exercise equipment is not cheap . I know , as I am always hunting for bargains online , in stores , buying in bulk , and using my professional discounts . Exercise equipment still breaks - A LOT . This price is pretty cheap and you get something decent . After 10 months I am satisfied with this purchase .
 I was looking for wrist weights that were discreet and I could easily wear while doing household chores . A lot of reviews say that these are too small . I am 5 ' 3 '' and 200 pounds . I am not a small person by any means . However , I think my wrists are average . After reading reviews I was very nervous about ordering these . I went to the store and looked at other ones and decided that these were my best bet on what I was looking for . They are NOT too small . They go on very easily and are very comfortable . If you are nervous because you are not thin and petite , these could still fit.I only gave these 4 stars because the seams are n't real strong , but I can easily reinforce them .
 Comfortable to wear on your wrists while you are walking or just doing every day choirs . I wear them a few hours a day on days I do n't go to the gym . They appear to be doing the job of firming my upper arms .
 These are great for hikes or wearing around house all day . Super comfortable . Super Soft and snug .
 Just as advertised . This replacement lamp is good to go . It is exactly as the description state . Thanks for reliable products .
 This is a great price for an item for a very difficult to find flashlight.I will definitely purchase again from this website
 As a person who has used this flashlight and this bulb in places where having a functional flashlight matters , I have no qualms about purchasing this item . Coupled with a Lightsaver switch the P60 has served me quite well . I have dropped this light on more than on occasion and not had the bulb break . The LED drop in is great , but I prefer the versatility of the P60 .
 The bulb seems ok , the batteries have power , but the laser light does not work.The bulb came in 4days .
 I got this for my son 's teacher and somewhere on the highway it blew off ... not sure how . She found it several days later after being run over and weathered and it is still in tact !
 I have been looking for a waterproof watch for years but have not found any untill now . There are such watches on the market but too large for a woman.This Momentum M50 DSS available in a smaller size is perfect . Fits nicelly on my arm . A beautiful piece of highest quality . I am looking forward to wearing it dayly in office as well as diving in the sea . In fact it fits also nicelly to an eveneing dress . For service I have to send my watch toa service-center i Germany or Britain , because I live in Sweden , but that is not a big thing . I am very quality-minded , wants things to be perfect . This Momentum watch , women 's size , is the right one for any girl or woman who is sailing or diving or just lives near the ocean !
 Do n't know why , but there are a few Canadian watch makers out there that are putting out GREAT watches . St Moritz is no exception . The specs on this watch really jump out at you
 After struggling to spend several hundred dollars on a watch , and looking at everything I could see everywhere ... I splurged and got the Momentum MDV51UO M50 DSS Blue Dial Steel Bracelet Watch . This watch is fantastic ! Its looks are superb and classy , while having a nice little bit of sport/zing . The blue color is gorgeous and is truly ` under-displayed ' in the photo on the website . The weight feels like a rich bracelet , and it falls correctly on my wrist , even without a little tweak on the sizing . I was able to alter the time to my timezone -LRB- it was right on the time , just off on the hour as it came from EST -RRB- , and it was simple to adjust the date . It 's done well in the shower and has kept its time precisely . Will test out its deeper water abilities next month and will update you all on how well it does . I 'm expecting nothing short of satisfaction , as that 's been the case since this little beauty arrived on my doorstep . Thanks Amazon for great service !!! Momentum Women 's 1M-DV51U0 M50 DSS Blue Dial Steel Bracelet Watch
 The St Moritz / Momentum watches are great watches for the price . For a true dive watch I think these are the best deals you can get . They are a quality dependable watch at a fair price.This is my third St Moritz/Momentum watch -LRB- and second storm -RRB- ... the last two were stolen . I would buy one again.The only problems I have had with their watches are with the rubber straps ... . they get a brittle and break much in much less than a year , but the stainless straps will last forever .
 I bought this for my Rams obsessed boyfriend and he loved it . The quality and stiching of the jersey is superb and the colors are vibrant . He feels like he 's apart of the team now .
 This item was impossible for me to find in any stores that I am familiar with in Des Moines , IA . I have lived here only 3 years and have found that my CPU is a shopping miracle ! The quality of your product is excellent and has been worn and washed many times since Christmas . The jersey still looks brand new , and you made my grandson a `` very happy camper '' because the jersey arrived before Christmas , even though I ordered it later than I should have.Thank you , Gigi Nelson
 the Steve Smith youth NFL jersey that I ordered and received very quickly , was excellent quality and I am completely satisfied with it . I would definitely order again .
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I love the look of this watch -- it 's exactly the look in an analog-digital that I wanted . -LRB- And I looked at hundreds of watches before settling on this one . -RRB- When I travel , the different cities around the bezel are more than just decorations . I have n't used the timing ring yet -LRB- had the watch a couple months now -RRB- , but it 's functional too . Drawbacks
 Indeed a great surprise to have this watch at the marked cost.It coped all my expectations
 I have been looking for a mid size pack for biking , hiking and photo trips . I have bought three pack in an attempt to replace my 30 year old Lowe approach pack . I kept putting the new one away after a few trips and went right back to the Lowe everytime . The Bebop is a winner ! It fits my medium and thin shape even better than the Lowe , which fit like a glove . The pack is light , easy to adjust for differen loads and clothes , and it 's easy to pack and access what 's inside . Sometimes while riding the bike I forget it 's there until I turn to look back . I think the old Lowe tear drop pack is officially retired.Thanks Mountain Hardwear !
 This backpack is of an exceptional quality . Everything about it oozes excellence and superior workmanship & materials . I highly recommend this manufacturer 's products . It was definitely worth every penny spent . AND it came exactly when they said it would !
 This bike is great and very comfortable to ride . My wife loves it . A awesome buy for the price . It does require some assembly and customer service from Cadillac bike is very helpful and knowledgable . Overall , I am very happy with the purchase !
 I bought this bike in the beginning of October , 2006 . It arrived quickly in a well packed box with an assembly instruction booklet inside . It took my husband about 90 minutes to put it together.I have ridden it for more than 100 miles now -LRB- 2-3 times a week for 10-mile rides -RRB- , and I am very happy with the bike . I ended up buying three Cadillac bikes , one AVP2 .1 Men for my son and a Cadillac AVH for my husband . Cadillac bikes -LRB- both AVP2 .1 and AVH -RRB- are very well built . It is a steal for the price.My feedback on the bike - Pros :1 . The bike provides a very comfortable ride .2 . The gear/speed shifting is extremely smooth .3 . The bike provides more power with less effort . The 10-mile bike ride used to be a challenge . With the AVP-2 .1 , I hardly break a sweat .4 . Its adjustable handlebar helps you maintain an upright riding position . For a person with back problems , it 's a big plus .5 . The pedals have a rubberized grip , which makes riding much easier.Con :1 . This bike does n't come with a kickstand . I bought one from a bike shop for less than $ 10 . The kickstand works find , just does n't go well with this luxurious good looking bike.Find out later that Target sells adjustable kickstands for $ 5 each .
 The only thing i have to say is that the assembly was not as easy as i thought and at the end i had to bring it to a bike shop to get the final touches . but as soon as it was assembeled i had a lot of fun with it . It is a cool to bike around with .
 This is a great bike ! It is comfortable , strong , smooth , and a kick to ride . I would highly reccomend this bike except for a few things you need to know beforehand ... 1 -RRB- The bike box clearly states it must be put together by a certified bike person but obviously if you are buying it online you are planning to put it together yourself .2 -RRB- My husband is very handy , but he struggled putting it together and the bike manuals were not a lot of help . We finally enlisted a friend who is a bike afficinado and has a bike workshop setup at his house3 -RRB- We tried the phone number for tech support and could n't ever reach anyone at Cadillac . Finally we googled bike shops that carry these bikes and found a guy in Oklahoma who runs a bike shop who answered his phone and was willing to help us . He said he gets several calls a week on these bikes and even he has had trouble getting Cadillac to answer the phone and he 's a dealer ! 4 -RRB- One reason we bought these bikes was because of the warranty . But you void the warranty when you put it together yourself ! I 'm not sure Amazon should be advertising the warranty without making that clear on the information!Now , setting that aside -- we got the bikes put together and we love them ! I just ride around town but I look for excuses to hop on my bike and run errands because it is so much fun ! It is a great looking ride -- and I am expecting many years of riding fun out of it !
 I bought two of these bikes , before Christmas and when they were selling for one-fifty , which was an awesome price for an awesome bike . The bikes were relatively easy to put together - you have to install the handle-bars , seat post and seat , from wheel and the front disk brake -LRB- the only really tricky part -RRB- , and it took me about an hour . Everything else is pre-assembled , and that is done very well too.The quality of the bike is just great - everything feels really solid and well-built . My only complaint is that for an all-aluminum frame they are surprisingly heavy , so even with the 21 speeds this is not a good bike for anyone living in a particularly hilly area.But even at two-fifty , these bikes are half the price of comparable comfort bikes at your local bike shop , and you ca n't even find comfort bikes with disk brakes from what I can see , so that makes the deal for me .
 Just got this bike for my b-day . Must say up front ... I 'm not an avid biker . I have n't been on a bike in years , but the only reason I have n't had one in the past several years is b/c I was n't willing to pay hundreds of dollars for one -LRB- just was n't an expense I could justify ... -RRB- ! I 've been looking at various bikes for about 6 months now , and felt that this one was a decent value . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' tall , and this one is perfect for me , although I would not suggest that anyone below 5 ' 5 '' get it -LRB- Sorry ! -RRB- ! About the appearance of the bike
 I bought this bike for my wife . She is 5 ' 0 '' and the bike could be a little shorter -LRB- we bought the smallest frame -RRB- but works fine . The brakes and shocks work as planned . The disc brakes are nice but unlike conventional brakes they are difficult to tell when they need replacing . The look of the bike is really nice . Some tools are required for assembly , most notably a large allen wrench .
 This bike was fairly easy to assemple ... Though I must mention that I did not get assembly instructions as others have noted as well . I did find it rater easy to assemble once thinking about it though . . I spent probably about 45 min in all , and other 20Min tuning the disk brakes and height adjustments.My GF says it is a great ride , really smooth , and brakes work great ... comfortable seat . Worth the sale price I got it at . . not worth full price ; - -RRB-
 Free shipping arrived in 5 days as advertised . Shipping box was torn up with a minor blemish on the paint . Assembly took 45 minutes , there were no instructions . I had to reinstall the front forks -LRB- remember , front and rear disk brakes are on the same side -RRB- got em backwards the first time . Both derailers needed adjusting to shift correctly and quietly . Welds are a bit rough but the bike is a good deal and the quality is good . I might buy another for myself .
 Ordered two of these bikes for Christmas . Great hit . Could n't have asked for a nicer bike . Packaging could be better as could the instructions . But , we are very pleased with the construction and the way these bikes perform .
 I always wanted to own a cadillac ! Well , maybe one with 4 wheels but this 2 wheeler is just great . When you receive it , do n't even bother to take it out of the box ... just bring it to your bike shop and they 'll put together for you . While you are there , you may want to inquire about comfy seats ... this caddy is a `` hard '' ride!The color and look of the bike is great , it is a smooth ride , and it is pretty light weight .
 My wife and her entire family went nuts when they saw this bike , it is visually the coolest looking bike you will ever see -LRB- which scored big with the Mrs. -RRB- Its been to cold to really give it a test drive , but you can tell this is a very well made bike . You will not be dissapointed at all , I like it so much I regretted getting my Bike when I could have gotten the male version of this .
 The bike was every thing advertised and more . It was delivered promptly , but the box was in shreds thank goodness by some miracle everything stayed inside and assembly was a snap .
 As many mentioned earlier , no stand . no instruction for assembling . I needed about one and half hours to assemble it . The box is damaged and there is a scratch on bike . But it is a good bike . I like it .
 When I received the bike , the packing board was broken.The bike quality is good .
 This bike is very comfortable , works well on city streets , easy to get on and off , and looks great . It was harder to put together than I expected but I got some help and it went smoothly .
 Very comfortable and smooth riding bike . Excellent choice for the woman in your life who is interested more in comfort than speed . Has disc brakes and dual suspension . Only bike my wife has not complained about ! Does not come with a kickstand for some reason - you can purchase one at at bike store , Walmart , Target etc. .
 This bike is well built , with top grade components . You get bang for your money . I ended up buying two of them , one for the wife and one for the daughter who rides with us quite a bit . They both love their bikes . it was simple to assemble , although I did have a very experineced cycler helping me . The ride is smooth and the gears work like a dream . It is a bit on the heavy side perhaps but for my two ladies , it will be all they need for some time until their skill level truly expands .
 I purchased the bike in January based on the reviews . I was happy that it was n't extremely difficult to put together , but a little timely . The weight was OK for my purposes . I do mostly street riding with some dirt and paved trails . The dual suspension makes the ride is very smooth and the gears shift easily . I have been very happy with the bike and when family and friend have ridden , they comment how nice it is as well . True , no kick stand -- oh well .
 I bought this for my Rams obsessed boyfriend and he loved it . The quality and stiching of the jersey is superb and the colors are vibrant . He feels like he 's apart of the team now .
 We purchased this tricyle for our 20 month old and I could n't be happier . He is on the small side , he can put his feet on the pedals but does n't have the leverage to push yet but the best part is that he can push with his feet on the floor . He loves it and he is getting closer to being able to pedal . The other great part is that our 3.5 year old who is very tall rides it easily , so I know it wo n't be quickly outgrown.It is well made , very sturdy and not too heavy . Easy to assemble.We bought the kettler kettrike for our older son when he was 11/2 and he was not able pedal it until he was almost 3 , it is big and heavy . There is no where for your child to put their feet on the ground to push so you are stuck pushing them around with the push bar . Our younger son wants to be just like his big brother so he does n't want help which makes it so great that the winther tricylce has room for him to push with his feet.I would definitely reccommend this tricycle to everyone whether your child is small or big . If you are looking for a tricycle go no further this is the one !
 Wonderful and sturdy . I would recommend this anytime . My son is nearly 3 and is totally in love with it . It has seen puddles and snow and mud so far . My son loves the hock for a trailer as well .
 This is a good pair of field gloves , for players on the field . You will see it may say on the packet `` goalie gloves '' but these are certainly not anywhere near as padded as true goalie gloves , but certainly better than no gloves at all . Also , the packet I got said `` Men 's '' but , in reality , can be used by either men or women , in my opinion.For field players , these are great to use , especially in colder weather , with extra friction material on the fingertips and a stripe of extra-friction material across the palm for better ball control . They 're not heavily padded , and are actually more just like a regular pair of slightly thicker plain cotton gloves . I ordered the wrong size and now waiting for the right one to come in , but from what I saw of the original pair , they did n't seem too bad at all for what I paid .
 These are good inexpensive lightweight field player gloves . Obviously they are not keeper gloves , and should n't be used as keeper gloves . They are relatively lightweight , and will keep your hands comfortable . My daughter uses them for games when the temp is in the 40 's . The gloves have some grip on the finger tips and a little on the palm , enough for throw-ins . Do n't know about how they will work in the rain , but these gloves are definitely better than knit gloves or no gloves at all . You can get better gloves for 3 times the price , but these work perfectly for us . My daughter with regular sized hands fit well in a size 4 with room for another year . She 's 81/2 years old . So I would say they run a little large . As a reference , she wears a size 5 keeper glove .
 I ordered this bag , along with Hugger Mugger 's Tapas mat . It was a great value , especially when Amazon ships for free . I got the pink bag . It 's very stylish , yet also very useful . Lots of great pockets and the finishing is great . The longer handles/shoulder straps makes it very easy to carry and the zipper pull is oversized and easy to find.The only thing that I would fault it for , is that you need to roll your mat up almost perfectly so that you can put it in the bag easily . So , take the time to roll up your mat nicely .
 This frisbee is the perfect size for our small -LRB- 30 lbs -RRB- border collie . It is not too heavy or too big for her , and it can be made to go straight . It 's easy to see in the dark . We 've tried lots of other kinds , and this is the one that works for her and for us . We throw this frisbee well , and that is not the case with many other brands . And it 's cheap !
 I have a 90 lb black lab that loves to play Frisbee . Her all time favorite thing on this planet is her Dyn-O-Glo ! Every night I get home around midnight and she 's waiting up for me . I have a small black light I switch on to charge it up quick and bright . She 's about to wet the carpet in anticipation before i even get to the door ! She 's 5 years old now , and we go through 2 of these a year -LRB- she ca n't seem to break the habit of sinking her canines in now and then -RRB- . One thing to take note of
 This is a nice Frisbee . It is not too heavy , nor too light . The size is nice and it is fairly easy to throw . It is a little small to play ultimate with , but they make better discs for that anyways.I did notice that being the color that it is , it tends to show dirt quite easily . This is really not a huge problem for me , but if would be bothered by that , I 'd consider you find something in a darker color.The glow in the dark worked quite well . I was really surprised how long it lasted.Last but not least , it worked as a great make-shift water bowl for the dog when we were on a day hike .
 It takes almost no time to charge at all and it lasts for a long time . You might take a flash light with you just in case . But if I leave it in my room then it lights up when I go to bed and lasts until I fall asleep . Well worth it .
 I live in a small town with the local Wal-Mart as the ` get all ' store . Yea , like they are classy enough to carry Whamo glow frisbees . Leave it to AMAZON to direct me to this exact Model Frisbee . SO easy on checkout ... No problems and my son is starting to understand how to fly a frisbee ! Thanks much you guys !
 Love this frisbee , the great whamoo brand that we all know and love from our childhood . Glows at night for more fun .
 I recommend this frisbee . It works great , it glows for a very long time . I will definitely get a lot of use out of it .
 The only thing better than playing frisbee , is playing frisbee in the dark ! Especially when the frisbee glows ! I 'm no serious diskhead but for some leisurely summer evening fun this is the frisbees knees .
 This is a great frisbee for the price . It 's very durable and easy to use . For reference , the frisbee looks different than what is shown in the picture ... if that is a major concern for you . Maybe they have various graphics for this model , but either way do n't be surprised when you do receive it.Overall
 I bought this for my nephew and I hope he is enjoying it . His mother say 's he loved it .
 A bilge pump is just a bilge pump ... not too exciting ... that is , unless your bilge is full of water.This little beauty is a perfect perfect resolution to that big problem . It is compact , powerful , and economical . The pump comes with everything you need to install it and get it going . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 i thought i was buying a thin piece of nylon but i what i got was thick and neopene lined and adjustableapt makes great stuff loved it
 This will do the job perfectly ... provided you 've got a hat or scarf or something . The material is quite strong - but the edges are quite strong , too and can really dig into your scalp , neck , etc. .
 In lieu of buying a thousand dollar neck machine , I got this for my husband . He absolutely loves it and thinks it is terribly comfortable . Great padding .
 This is a great product . I really had I difficult time deciding which neck harness to purchase through Amazon . When I received the package , I opened the box and inspected the product , I was very impressed . The neck harness is heavy duty type . I would recommend this to any customer who is interested in buying one .
 I bought some fasteners at the hardware store , and used a different chain . This piece of equipment is rugged , sturdy , and reliable . Does the job .
 Just received this product about 2 days ago . Its great !!! Its a little uncomfortable but all you need to do is place a towel over your head and its fine . Very sturdy and easy to use . . Shipped super fast !!!
 This APT harness is very effective and really helps built your neck . High quality and very durable . It supports a lot of weight . The most i 've put was 90lbs . Not very comfortable , its pulls my ears sometimes , but if you put a small towel on your head just like the sample picture , you will see the difference and it will fit much better . After using it couple times you will learn the best way to use it and you will like it . I dont have the metal end at the bottom so when I use it , the plates are vertical instead of horizontal but thats better to me because i dont have to bent too far down to put the weight down . I think this is a very useful piece of equipment if you want to have every single muscle well balanced . Use this with CAUTION dont go too heavy or you can really hurt yourself . First time I used , I tought I had slept wrong . My neck was so sore and it was painful but it was Good pain lol . So yea I highly recommend This APT PRO GEAr harness . Very good and trusted brand .
 Finally a head harness that is meant to hold some weight!very sturdy construction , padded and adjustable !
 I spent a lot of time trying to find supportive athletic underwear that does n't bunch up or get sweaty . These are the ones ! I use them for Crossfit , running , hiking , etc. . They 're pretty snug , but keep everything under control and cool . However , I would not want to use these as every-day underwear ; they are much too tight for that . The longest I 've worn them is about 4 hours on a hike.I 'm not certain but it appears these are no longer made by Under Armour , at least under the same name . Luckily I purchased 10 pairs -- I 've had these for about 9 months and they are holding up perfectly when washed -LRB- cold water -RRB- and air dried . I 'm a size 29 waist , 5 ' 10 &#34; , 145 lbs , and the smalls are perfect . Absolutely zero leg ride-up even when squatting , running , etc. .
 I 've tried several pairs of compression shorts and these are the best I 've found . They fit nice and snugly , but stretch and breathe enough to be able to move around in . They 're a little pricey compared to others , but for the additional comfort and better quality , its worth it . So far they 've held up perfectly with no noticeable wear .
 After reading reviews , I ordered large UA shorts , a size larger than my normal . Way too small and ended getting XXL that fits right . Amazon/Vendor was excellent with exchange . I have 33in waist but with muscular `` cyclist '' build below the waist . Worn for just a couple of weeks and liking the fit and performance . Price comparable to local stores - bought before tax on online orders .
 I am a novice runner -LRB- ~ 9 miles a week -RRB- and i got these to help with running on treadmills . These pants are confortable and they keep everything in place . I am 5 ' 10 '' 230 # - I got the XL and they are about 1 '' above the knee . My only nit is that the compression on the legs could be a little tighter but that is probably the fact that I went a size up . Bought a second pair with longer legs and I like them just as much .
 I got these shorts in order to get gear for my first mud run . These are awesome . They kept the mud and sweat out of all the right places . I would def recommend .
 Underarmour has the thickest compression shorts , very durable , comfortable and fairly inexpensive . I am a Nike fan , but I have to go with under armour with these .
 Five-star rating for the quality of the product , but they run small . I ordered a large and it was just too small for me . I wear 36 '' pants comfortably , although I measure 38 '' around my waist at its thickest point . My thigh is 25 '' at its thickest point , and I measure 41 '' around my butt .
 Great product especially for the price . Only know I have is the stitching between the legs can cause slight chaffing if you 're running for longer periods of time . If not for that it would get 5 stars for sure .
 these compression shorts are quite good . the fabric is good , very good I would say . on the outside it 's almost frictionless between the thighs for instance , when I 'm running . it deals with moisture very nicely as well and stretches very well . only con is that I 've had other compression shorts that have a small pouch/pocket on the backside with a zipper , that you can put your keys in for example . that 's something very useful . if these would 've had that , I would 've awarded 5 stars .
 I received the Under Armour Heatgear Compression Short in the time of the offer , no delays , , the quality best than expected , 100 % recommended .
 Good buy and the colour is what I really want . Ca n't be any better . The compression , stretchability and feel is fantastic . Pricing is also reasonable .
 Bought these for my husband . His legs have always rubbed together and he gets a rash and complains of the pain . Mind you ... he weighs 190 lbs just has bigger legs . Anyhow , he has noticed a huge difference . He will not swim without these under his swim trunks now and if we have to walk a long ways or exercise ... he will not leave home without them . A huge lifesaver , we bought a couple more pair plus some of the underwear ones . Thanks Under Armour !
 These shorts work just fine and dont stretch at all throughout my workouts . I primarily bought them to help with chaffing while running , and so far i have not chaffed at all .
 This product works as advertised but is starting to wear and breakdown very easily . Durability is the only concern I have with it
 I use this compression short regularly for longer hikes and bicycle rides . Wo n't go back to using cotton undergarments for sports - No Chaffing , mostly dry even after long hikes/rides , dries overnight .
 Fit well , breathes easy . He wears these under his softball gear , and even under suits for formal events . He loves them .
 I bought these for exercising and put them to the real test when I went on a ten mile day hike . I was in waste deep water for nearly an hour and did n't wait to dry before starting my departure . I walked for two and a half hours solid and had absolutely no chaffing . What more do I need to say ? I am a believer in Under Armour . Add the waterproof Newport sandals and you are an ATV on the trails .
 This is an excellent product for many high intensity sports applications . Good support , excellent wicking , and snag free design make these shorts cool and comfortable .
 I purchased these for the man in my life . Compared to other similar items , these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility . They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing . I would recommend these to anyone !
 It is a great product . Good for aerobic and weight work outsTakes a lot to wear it out . That is why I bought is for my brother in law . A workoutaholic
 Excelente Envio rapido tal cual lo queria en el momento de la compra , recomendado para todos los que quieran esto
 Bought two of these compression shorts , it is a great buy ! It may cost a bit , but it is worth the price cause it will get the job done no matter what !
 Men 's HeatGear Compression 7 &#34; Shorts Bottoms by Under Armour 3XL . Great draws , fit like a glove ! need a few more
 Bought these for my husband to run in - he 's very happy with them . They are snug enough to prevent any chaffing but still comfortable .
 I wear compression shorts nearly all the time . I have very big legs and have problems with chafing since I do a lot of walking . I always wear these when playing softball or golf and they provide a very secure feel.My only complaint about these is that I find they tend to wear out faster than I would like . I 've purchased 10 or so pairs over the past 4 years , and I 've found that the inner thighs wear out on me after 8-10 months of daily wear . -LRB- which I must say is a lot longer than boxer briefs tend to last -RRB- Compared to other brands I 've used -LRB- champion , BCG , Nike -RRB- , I think that these are far superior in feel/support , and about average in durability.Overall I love these shorts , and will continue to purchase them .
 I love it . It is thick and tight . I would buy more but it is a little too expensive . YES
 Great quality , thick material with great support . Recommend it for running , not cycling as there are too many seams in the crotch area .
 This is a great undergarment to keep my fat thighs rubbing together on long walks . I found these more comfy if I wore them without underwear .
 love these ! I wear them every time I run.They keep my hamstrings nice and warm .
 This is my first experience with compression shorts , so my review is based on this experience alone.I am normally a size Large in underwear . I utilized other reviews for my purchase , which generally advised to buy the same size as your underwear . I am glad I did . My thighs and butt are a bit more muscled than some people because I weight train regularly , so when I first put these on they felt tight . Unfortunately the first feel was uncomfortable from a tightness standpoint , but after wearing them for a run on the treadmill and wearing them for a couple hours , I can barely notice they are on.The compression short did not distract me from my run in any way . Again , I did n't notice they were even there . If anything , it helped . The band may feel a bit tight , but I understand that it is designed this way for a reason . I believe I bought the correct size for me and I will be using these shorts on my runs and for leg training days.Only reason I am not giving 5-stars is because I have nothing else to compare them to . Amazon 's 4-star rating says &#34; I like it &#34; . I think that accurately describes how I feel about this item . Hope this helps you in some way .
 These are amazing ! My workouts are some much better with these ! Support galore yet pliant for easy movement ! The fabric formula is an Uner Armour exclusive ! Yes ! It matters . Athletes rejoice in total support ! Way recommended !
 its under armour you can not go wrong if you do not own a pair then you need to trust me get some
 I 'm a very active `` BIG '' guy , 375 + lbs . and was going to a water park with my family so I ordered the 3X to wear under my bathing suit . Because I 'm big my thighs get chafed from long walks and from being wet all the time so I thought this would work great due to the compression and smooth fabric and it did !! My only small complaint is the waist band is a little too stiff and would irritate my belly some times . I think it 's not an issue for most people because most people do n't have a belly as big as I have and I think the stiffness helps keep it from rolling down . This was a minor issue for me and after a full day at the park I came home with no chafing so I was so happy with them and I will order a few more !!
 Be sure that you check on Under Armour 's website to find sizing . I 'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small , turns out that I actually needed a medium size . They feel so cool and they 're so flexible . Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear ! Great quality product , way to go Under Armour : -RRB-
 These shorts fit just as I expected so the sizing was fine for me -LRB- 5 ' 9 , 160 lbs - Medium -RRB- . I have used other compression shorts in the past , but these have the best quality material - hands down . I feel like I got my money 's worth which is all I ask for .
 My husband loves theses . They fit great and get the job done.The blue that I ordered for him is a really nice solid color .
 Very happy with the entire purchase of these compression shorts . They shipped fast and fit great . Will buy more in the future .
 These are great . I just got two pairs - One from Scheels and one from Amazon . Amazon 's are much better . They are comfortable and have made working out slightly less ackward on declined and ab workouts . They wick away a lot of the seat from your body . I would recomend these to anyone .
 Nice . These were tight and snug . These were a good length and exactly what I wanted . Buy it .
 These are great , but since I am in between a small and medium , I had to order the mediums from Under Armour .
 if your going for more of just an under layer and not a layer of protection from sliding , id go with teh performance breifs .
 it arrived extremely late , to the point where i wondered if i had been robbed . Be prepared for an extra 2-3 weeks on the shipping estimate .
 These shorts are exactly what I expected . They compress my legs very well , and do n't slide around . The waistband is quite comfortable , and does n't sit too high . These shorts are obviously intended to be work under your gym shorts , so if you 're looking for running shorts to wear by themselves , these are n't them . That said , they work exceptionally well , and I have had no issues with chafing since I started using these . Definitely worth the price !
 These work so well . I got a black pair for Christmas and needed a pair of white ones for my white soccer shorts . They help so much in recovery and I could n't recommend them more .
 Excellent buy for a quality product . The fit is wonderful and does the job very well . Tops on my list of Under Armour products .
 For the price these were a good pair of compression shorts . I am about 5 ' 4 &#34; and the medium pair were perfect for me . The shipping was free and very fast which was a bonus .
 excelente el producto lo recomiendo , llego en buenas condiciones . el empaque es muy bueno , no estaba abierto y a tiempo !!
 Great for running and staying cool . I have a pair of Starter brand compression shorts that are awful in comparison to these .
 Just starting to work out . They feel right perfect . Hope we have to buy a smaller size soon . Thank you !
 U do n't even feel bothered by them , helps you work out without worrying about how lose ur shirts are or if u r sweating too much , u wo n't even notice u wearing them . .
 I 'd like if they rode a little lower , especially since they have no fly , but overall they are quite comfortable . And sexy , I 'm told : - -RRB-
 These are Nice Under Armour black heat gear compression shorts that are great for working out in and for other purposes .
 Would recommend over any other brand not because its Under Armour but the fact that it is really great and stays tight to hold everything in place during exercise when using the treadmill or doing some Insanity Workout DVDs . Great Product if your considering this its worth the extra buck because of how durable it is .
 I got these compression shorts after starting to play indoor soccer again with some people from work and tweaking my quad . I have used these about 10 times sofar , each time it has remained snug , keeping my muscles warm . Washing them has not lessened their quality.Pros : - Remain snug the entire time wearing them keeping the muscles warm - Does not stretch out , high quality - Holds up fine in the washCons : - Only thing really is there a bit pricier than other options but they are worth itI would definitely get these again , and have actually been looking around to get another .
 The Under Armor Compression shorts were my first pair I ever had . I found them to be very comfortable and of good quality . I would buy this brand again , as well as suggest this brand for my friends .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND FIT WAS PERFECT . I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN ! IT CAME QUICKLY AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ASAP !
 Bought a few of these in different colors and I absolutely love them for working out , laying out in the sun , or underneath my board shorts . I wear shorts over them when I workout so now when your shorts fall down your legs while doing sit-ups -LRB- or anything else -RRB- you do n't have to try to hold em up wearing a pair of these compressions underneath . I was surprised by how fast they shipped them too since I was expecting them the week after when I bought em . They came a couple days later ! I would recommend you to go to a nearby mc sports or Dicks sporting goods and try on a pair to get a feel of what size you 'd be comfortable in . I normally get a size medium underwear . The mediums felt too tight on me and was pressed against my `` package '' making it uncomfortable . I have pairs in Large and X-Large and they fit best for me .
 These are nice , although I wish they 'd be a little longer and the waist not so high . When I go running I have to fold the waist down . They seem to bee good quality , although they are pretty expensive .
 This review is for
 No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention . Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your `` area '' may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear . Once you remember to do that , you 're set !
 These do exactly as they are advertised . They wick sweat very well and almost make the area feel chilly as you move about . It may take some getting used to ; since the slippery nylon has less friction than traditional boxers , the shorts you are wearing over them -LRB- I hope you are wearing shorts - I 've seen one dude wear it alone -RRB- may slip unexpectedly in undesirable directions .
 Under Armour Compression shorts are just fabulous to wear under your normal gym work out shorts . They feel comfortable and give you added supports when performing your gym workout routines . I have several pairs of these shorts , and I highly recommend them for any active person .
 These are super comfortable and work really well . I wear them underneath my gym shorts and they stay in place the way they are supposed to .
 Got them from Road Runner via Amazon.The shorts fit well , hold up under heavy use -LRB- I already had a pair -RRB- . I was familiar with Road Runner having purchased from them directly in the past so I was comfortable with the arrangement . Suffice it to say I was not disappointed .
 love them , wwear them all the time , great for working out , if u have any doubts , dont hesitate , and buy
 as stated above , best compression shorts on the market . these compression shorts do not lack quality and they will definitely last
 I bought the compression shorts for running and general workouts . The fit comfortably , and are exactly what I wanted . Under Armour makes great stuff , even though it can be costly .
 These do exactly what you need from undergarments for vigorous exercise - provide protection from chafing , wick away moisture , and provide comfortable wear . Strongly recommended .
 These are wonderful for running . I have Nike also , but these are the best , bar none . I now have three of these , and they keep me running !
 This is an excellent compression short that provides support and also breaths . This is excellent especially for summer wear .
 I like turning heads when i wear these jogging around town . They fit great , but still make me shafe just a bit . You uncircumsized guys are lukcy you dont have to deal with that .
 I purchased this for my partner . It is exactly what he wanted . He really loves them ! Very comfortable , excellent fit , perfect for workouts .
 These compression shorts are very comfortable and very durable . True to size and after repeated washings they do not shrink or loose their elasticity . I would highly recommend .
 The shorts are well made and wisk away the sweat from heavy work outs . Highly reccomend them if you are tired of soaking thru your shorts while working out .
 I have been using this product for a while now and I absolutely love it . It feels very comfortable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 These are very comfortable and fit and work great . I wear them under my 10 '' UA shorts so they do n't peek out the bottom like some of the other compression shorts.The compression shorts really help avoid the leg rubbing of shorts or creeping when on the treadmill or elliptical . I 'm ordering more .
 Good quality , style , and sizingToo bad this style has been replaced with one where the UA logo is silver
 I have ordered 3 different compression shorts from Amazon - Shock Doctor , Under Armour & Nike Pro . Of the 3 , Nike Pro was the WORST & Under Armour was the best.The thickness , feel and texture of the material is the main criteria I use to judge a compression short . Nike Pro felt like paper and I could almost see thru it . The Under Armour was the sturdiest and thickest of the three . It also fitted well and I felt no stitching like I do with the Shock Doctor . The Shock Doc stitching is a little uncomfortable thought the fabric is strong.The only dislike is the availability of colours of the Under Armour through Amazon . All I am seeing for the past month or more is black . Where is the red or royal blue?My mother also bought the men 's for herself as she wears it with no shorts over it like I do and found that the elastic waist could have been tighter on the Large Under Armour . I had no problem with the XL . The Shock Doc elastic is also a little uncomfortable but can be folded . The NIke Pro elastic waist was fine.So of the three I will be ordering more Under Armour and neither of the other 2 brands .
 Great fit . They last a long time . I used these when I was deployed to the middle east , they held up very well and kept me cool .
 FITI am approximately 6 ' 2 '' - 185 lb - 32 '' waist and a medium fits very well with a good amount of compression . Only complaint is that even at my height , I feel this is still about 1 '' too much material on top -LRB- lower rise needed -RRB- , which I typically remedy by folding the waistband once . People who like their underwear to show above their shorts probably wo n't mind , but when I do n't wear a shirt , I do n't want a funny tan line.COMPARISON TO NIKE PROI own 4 of these and 2 Nike Pro . These are as good or better than the Nike Pro in every way . The Nike Pro are even higher rise , and I need to fold the waist 2 or three times . The UA and Nike Pro are made of different materials , and UA is thicker . The UA has a little more of the `` compression fit '' quality compared to Nike Pro . I find both brands are excellent.USE AND DURABILITYI use these for exclusively for running , biking , beach volleyball . I would recommend these for any sports activity as they have eliminated all leg chafing for me . If you normally wear cotton boxer briefs , these are WAY better . These hold their shape even after 8 hours of beach volleyball . My first two pairs have been worn and washed at least once a week for 6 months with no noticeable degradation .
 Excellent Product for Outdoor Military Duty in heat exceding 110 Degrees . Best choice of all Under Armour products for use as underwear in extreme high and cold tempearture environments .
 I signed up for track recently and some other guy sugested that I get some compresssion shorts , so i did . they gave me a lot of support for practice and meets . There are no locker room problems with these . They are really comfortable and snug and give that male support needed.i 've noticed that it sort of shows you 're pubes through the fabric sometimes , but other than that they are wonderful ; i wear them still even after track season .
 These things rock . I have very muscular legs but love to run for my cardio . When running more than 3 miles with regular running shorts , I would always get chaffing even when using Body Glide . It was recommended to me to get these shorts to wear under my running shorts and now I do not run without them . I LOVE them . I highly suggest getting the shorts that FIT you . I they are too small , they pinch . If they are too big , they gather and rub . If they are correct , you will love them as well .
 I 've workout for years and finally came to the conclusion that boxer shorts are not made for working out . My boxer shorts will always rise in between my thighs causing scratching which can be painful , especially during cardio that I constantly had to pull them from in between my thighs which was annoying and distracting . I did some looking and found these shorts from Under Armour right away it was a noticeable difference . The shorts felt very comfortable and stayed on my legs and thighs with out rising which I felt more flexibility and free during my workouts . Forget the boxers and buy a pair of these you will be glad that you did . Great product .
 I 'm currently 6 ' 2 '' , 175lbs , and have a 33 '' waist -LRB- I can fluctuate between a 32 '' and a 34 '' waist depending on my workout , and the time of year -RRB- . With that said , Under Armour 's sizing chart said that a Medium was 30-32 '' and a Large was 34-36 '' so I obviously decided to go with a size Large . I should 've actually went with an XL probably . The waist seems a little too tight for me . I realize they 're compression shorts , but the waist still seems too tight -LRB- not TOO uncomfortable , but still a bit worrisome -RRB- . I actually have a similar pair to these that I bought like 8 years ago -LRB- that I still wear -RRB- , and those were an XL too . I just figured they might 've tweaked their sizes since then . But yea , I would definitely order a size -LRB- or two -RRB- BIGGER than what Under Armour says , if you 're worried about the waist feeling too tight . Instead of returning my two pair for a new size -LRB- since I 've already worn them for a workout -RRB- , I might just try stretching them by leaving them on some sort of 36 '' sphere for a day or so . Hopefully after a while , they 'll actually stretch to fit a 33 '' waist comfortably.Other than the sizing , these are great . Definitely a slick pair of well-compressed underwear . Nice colors for the waist band help too as they will surely show if you decide to go topless . I 've always found the quality and materials to be superb for Under Armour products , and these are right on par with my expectations for that . There is also a ventilated version of these that I recommend too .
 I bought one pair of these and one pair of Road Runner Sports Velocity compression shorts to compare for running . I thought the UA pair was going to feel very hot , as the material is thick compared to other brands -LRB- Nike , RRS , etc -RRB- . These must do a great job wicking away moisture , because they felt very comfortable on a 20 mile run , and not hot like others in comparison . There is a reason you see UA products everywhere , they are really quality goods . I 'll be wearing these next weekend for a marathon , if that tells you the level of confidence and comfort -LRB- no chafing with these ! -RRB- I have in this product . Would give 5 stars , but I 've got to own them a bit longer before I go all in .
 These are great for controlling heat during workouts or working in hot environments . They maintain their fit well even after several washes . Definitely help keep you more comfortable .
 Surprised how comfortable these are while working-out at the gym ! Will be looking to get a few more !
 I run about 4 miles 3 or 4 times a week . I was having problems with chaffing in-between my thighs so I read up on compression shorts and thought I 'd give it a try . It eliminated chaffing in those areas and I even think it sort of improved my performance due to there being no friction . I feel good when I run with these on . I have no clue about the durability . They 've lasted me a few months now and still look like new . I would recommend these for pretty much any sport . Worth the money in my opinion .
 Bought one pair , they 're great when I go the gym and do sit ups on the mats I do n't have to worry about my balls showing ; not that I care but could get arrested . I 'll be buying another pair soon .
 I USED TO WORK OUT WITH BOXERS UNDER MY SHORTS ... NOW THAT I OWN ONE OF THESE , I CA N'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH MORE EFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE MY WORKOUT IS . I USE THEM FOR JOGGING AND SOCCER . IT 'S GREAT FOR PRETTY MUCH ANY KIND OF EXERCISE . WILL DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN !
 I bought these because I play Ultimate Frisbee , I bought one initially and loved it so I bought another one . I wish they were a little longer but they work fine nevertheless .
 When I purchased these , I was thought they had a pad in the crotch area . I wanted to use them for cycling . Well , they do n't have a pad and even worse there is a seam running right through the center . This is usually a bad thing for me because it can cause chaffing in a place that can be very uncomfortable . However , I decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . Fortunately , they did n't chafe me . I do find them to be a bit tighter than I expected as well , but again it ultimately does n't cause any issues . Therefore , I have to say that it was a good deal considering the price difference between these and the ones that cost significantly more but have a pad .
 This was my first purchase from UnderArmour , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last if the rest of their products are as good as this one . The fit is perfect as well as the support . I 'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the technical features so all I can say is that I 'll buy a few more as I ca n't imagine wearing anything else . It feels that good .
 Just got mine today and I am lovin it !!! Nice fit & nice color as well . Under armour never disappoints me love there gear ! Overall I would def . recommend buying from this seller
 The product came quickly and was exactly what I wanted . In the past , these shorts have been great quality and have lasted much longer than other brands I have tried .
 No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention . Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your `` area '' may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear . Once you remember to do that , you 're set !
 These do exactly as they are advertised . They wick sweat very well and almost make the area feel chilly as you move about . It may take some getting used to ; since the slippery nylon has less friction than traditional boxers , the shorts you are wearing over them -LRB- I hope you are wearing shorts - I 've seen one dude wear it alone -RRB- may slip unexpectedly in undesirable directions .
 Under Armour Compression shorts are just fabulous to wear under your normal gym work out shorts . They feel comfortable and give you added supports when performing your gym workout routines . I have several pairs of these shorts , and I highly recommend them for any active person .
 These are super comfortable and work really well . I wear them underneath my gym shorts and they stay in place the way they are supposed to .
 Got them from Road Runner via Amazon.The shorts fit well , hold up under heavy use -LRB- I already had a pair -RRB- . I was familiar with Road Runner having purchased from them directly in the past so I was comfortable with the arrangement . Suffice it to say I was not disappointed .
 love them , wwear them all the time , great for working out , if u have any doubts , dont hesitate , and buy
 as stated above , best compression shorts on the market . these compression shorts do not lack quality and they will definitely last
 I bought the compression shorts for running and general workouts . The fit comfortably , and are exactly what I wanted . Under Armour makes great stuff , even though it can be costly .
 These do exactly what you need from undergarments for vigorous exercise - provide protection from chafing , wick away moisture , and provide comfortable wear . Strongly recommended .
 I 'd like if they rode a little lower , especially since they have no fly , but overall they are quite comfortable . And sexy , I 'm told : - -RRB-
 These are Nice Under Armour black heat gear compression shorts that are great for working out in and for other purposes .
 I like turning heads when i wear these jogging around town . They fit great , but still make me shafe just a bit . You uncircumsized guys are lukcy you dont have to deal with that .
 I purchased this for my partner . It is exactly what he wanted . He really loves them ! Very comfortable , excellent fit , perfect for workouts .
 These compression shorts are very comfortable and very durable . True to size and after repeated washings they do not shrink or loose their elasticity . I would highly recommend .
 The shorts are well made and wisk away the sweat from heavy work outs . Highly reccomend them if you are tired of soaking thru your shorts while working out .
 I have been using this product for a while now and I absolutely love it . It feels very comfortable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 I have ordered 3 different compression shorts from Amazon - Shock Doctor , Under Armour & Nike Pro . Of the 3 , Nike Pro was the WORST & Under Armour was the best.The thickness , feel and texture of the material is the main criteria I use to judge a compression short . Nike Pro felt like paper and I could almost see thru it . The Under Armour was the sturdiest and thickest of the three . It also fitted well and I felt no stitching like I do with the Shock Doctor . The Shock Doc stitching is a little uncomfortable thought the fabric is strong.The only dislike is the availability of colours of the Under Armour through Amazon . All I am seeing for the past month or more is black . Where is the red or royal blue?My mother also bought the men 's for herself as she wears it with no shorts over it like I do and found that the elastic waist could have been tighter on the Large Under Armour . I had no problem with the XL . The Shock Doc elastic is also a little uncomfortable but can be folded . The NIke Pro elastic waist was fine.So of the three I will be ordering more Under Armour and neither of the other 2 brands .
 Great fit . They last a long time . I used these when I was deployed to the middle east , they held up very well and kept me cool .
 FITI am approximately 6 ' 2 '' - 185 lb - 32 '' waist and a medium fits very well with a good amount of compression . Only complaint is that even at my height , I feel this is still about 1 '' too much material on top -LRB- lower rise needed -RRB- , which I typically remedy by folding the waistband once . People who like their underwear to show above their shorts probably wo n't mind , but when I do n't wear a shirt , I do n't want a funny tan line.COMPARISON TO NIKE PROI own 4 of these and 2 Nike Pro . These are as good or better than the Nike Pro in every way . The Nike Pro are even higher rise , and I need to fold the waist 2 or three times . The UA and Nike Pro are made of different materials , and UA is thicker . The UA has a little more of the `` compression fit '' quality compared to Nike Pro . I find both brands are excellent.USE AND DURABILITYI use these for exclusively for running , biking , beach volleyball . I would recommend these for any sports activity as they have eliminated all leg chafing for me . If you normally wear cotton boxer briefs , these are WAY better . These hold their shape even after 8 hours of beach volleyball . My first two pairs have been worn and washed at least once a week for 6 months with no noticeable degradation .
 Excellent Product for Outdoor Military Duty in heat exceding 110 Degrees . Best choice of all Under Armour products for use as underwear in extreme high and cold tempearture environments .
 I signed up for track recently and some other guy sugested that I get some compresssion shorts , so i did . they gave me a lot of support for practice and meets . There are no locker room problems with these . They are really comfortable and snug and give that male support needed.i 've noticed that it sort of shows you 're pubes through the fabric sometimes , but other than that they are wonderful ; i wear them still even after track season .
 These things rock . I have very muscular legs but love to run for my cardio . When running more than 3 miles with regular running shorts , I would always get chaffing even when using Body Glide . It was recommended to me to get these shorts to wear under my running shorts and now I do not run without them . I LOVE them . I highly suggest getting the shorts that FIT you . I they are too small , they pinch . If they are too big , they gather and rub . If they are correct , you will love them as well .
 I 've workout for years and finally came to the conclusion that boxer shorts are not made for working out . My boxer shorts will always rise in between my thighs causing scratching which can be painful , especially during cardio that I constantly had to pull them from in between my thighs which was annoying and distracting . I did some looking and found these shorts from Under Armour right away it was a noticeable difference . The shorts felt very comfortable and stayed on my legs and thighs with out rising which I felt more flexibility and free during my workouts . Forget the boxers and buy a pair of these you will be glad that you did . Great product .
 I 'm currently 6 ' 2 '' , 175lbs , and have a 33 '' waist -LRB- I can fluctuate between a 32 '' and a 34 '' waist depending on my workout , and the time of year -RRB- . With that said , Under Armour 's sizing chart said that a Medium was 30-32 '' and a Large was 34-36 '' so I obviously decided to go with a size Large . I should 've actually went with an XL probably . The waist seems a little too tight for me . I realize they 're compression shorts , but the waist still seems too tight -LRB- not TOO uncomfortable , but still a bit worrisome -RRB- . I actually have a similar pair to these that I bought like 8 years ago -LRB- that I still wear -RRB- , and those were an XL too . I just figured they might 've tweaked their sizes since then . But yea , I would definitely order a size -LRB- or two -RRB- BIGGER than what Under Armour says , if you 're worried about the waist feeling too tight . Instead of returning my two pair for a new size -LRB- since I 've already worn them for a workout -RRB- , I might just try stretching them by leaving them on some sort of 36 '' sphere for a day or so . Hopefully after a while , they 'll actually stretch to fit a 33 '' waist comfortably.Other than the sizing , these are great . Definitely a slick pair of well-compressed underwear . Nice colors for the waist band help too as they will surely show if you decide to go topless . I 've always found the quality and materials to be superb for Under Armour products , and these are right on par with my expectations for that . There is also a ventilated version of these that I recommend too .
 I bought one pair of these and one pair of Road Runner Sports Velocity compression shorts to compare for running . I thought the UA pair was going to feel very hot , as the material is thick compared to other brands -LRB- Nike , RRS , etc -RRB- . These must do a great job wicking away moisture , because they felt very comfortable on a 20 mile run , and not hot like others in comparison . There is a reason you see UA products everywhere , they are really quality goods . I 'll be wearing these next weekend for a marathon , if that tells you the level of confidence and comfort -LRB- no chafing with these ! -RRB- I have in this product . Would give 5 stars , but I 've got to own them a bit longer before I go all in .
 These shorts are exactly what I expected . They compress my legs very well , and do n't slide around . The waistband is quite comfortable , and does n't sit too high . These shorts are obviously intended to be work under your gym shorts , so if you 're looking for running shorts to wear by themselves , these are n't them . That said , they work exceptionally well , and I have had no issues with chafing since I started using these . Definitely worth the price !
 These work so well . I got a black pair for Christmas and needed a pair of white ones for my white soccer shorts . They help so much in recovery and I could n't recommend them more .
 Excellent buy for a quality product . The fit is wonderful and does the job very well . Tops on my list of Under Armour products .
 Perfect for long hikes and any other activity outdoors . Comfortable and cool . Bought them sight unseen and they 're a perfect fit . Very happy .
 For the price these were a good pair of compression shorts . I am about 5 ' 4 &#34; and the medium pair were perfect for me . The shipping was free and very fast which was a bonus .
 excelente el producto lo recomiendo , llego en buenas condiciones . el empaque es muy bueno , no estaba abierto y a tiempo !!
 Great for running and staying cool . I have a pair of Starter brand compression shorts that are awful in comparison to these .
 Just starting to work out . They feel right perfect . Hope we have to buy a smaller size soon . Thank you !
 U do n't even feel bothered by them , helps you work out without worrying about how lose ur shirts are or if u r sweating too much , u wo n't even notice u wearing them . .
 these compression shorts are quite good . the fabric is good , very good I would say . on the outside it 's almost frictionless between the thighs for instance , when I 'm running . it deals with moisture very nicely as well and stretches very well . only con is that I 've had other compression shorts that have a small pouch/pocket on the backside with a zipper , that you can put your keys in for example . that 's something very useful . if these would 've had that , I would 've awarded 5 stars .
 Would recommend over any other brand not because its Under Armour but the fact that it is really great and stays tight to hold everything in place during exercise when using the treadmill or doing some Insanity Workout DVDs . Great Product if your considering this its worth the extra buck because of how durable it is .
 I got these compression shorts after starting to play indoor soccer again with some people from work and tweaking my quad . I have used these about 10 times sofar , each time it has remained snug , keeping my muscles warm . Washing them has not lessened their quality.Pros : - Remain snug the entire time wearing them keeping the muscles warm - Does not stretch out , high quality - Holds up fine in the washCons : - Only thing really is there a bit pricier than other options but they are worth itI would definitely get these again , and have actually been looking around to get another .
 The Under Armor Compression shorts were my first pair I ever had . I found them to be very comfortable and of good quality . I would buy this brand again , as well as suggest this brand for my friends .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND FIT WAS PERFECT . I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN ! IT CAME QUICKLY AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ASAP !
 Bought a few of these in different colors and I absolutely love them for working out , laying out in the sun , or underneath my board shorts . I wear shorts over them when I workout so now when your shorts fall down your legs while doing sit-ups -LRB- or anything else -RRB- you do n't have to try to hold em up wearing a pair of these compressions underneath . I was surprised by how fast they shipped them too since I was expecting them the week after when I bought em . They came a couple days later ! I would recommend you to go to a nearby mc sports or Dicks sporting goods and try on a pair to get a feel of what size you 'd be comfortable in . I normally get a size medium underwear . The mediums felt too tight on me and was pressed against my `` package '' making it uncomfortable . I have pairs in Large and X-Large and they fit best for me .
 These are nice , although I wish they 'd be a little longer and the waist not so high . When I go running I have to fold the waist down . They seem to bee good quality , although they are pretty expensive .
 This review is for
 These are very comfortable and fit and work great . I wear them under my 10 '' UA shorts so they do n't peek out the bottom like some of the other compression shorts.The compression shorts really help avoid the leg rubbing of shorts or creeping when on the treadmill or elliptical . I 'm ordering more .
 Good quality , style , and sizingToo bad this style has been replaced with one where the UA logo is silver
 It is a great product . Good for aerobic and weight work outsTakes a lot to wear it out . That is why I bought is for my brother in law . A workoutaholic
 Excelente Envio rapido tal cual lo queria en el momento de la compra , recomendado para todos los que quieran esto
 Bought two of these compression shorts , it is a great buy ! It may cost a bit , but it is worth the price cause it will get the job done no matter what !
 Men 's HeatGear Compression 7 &#34; Shorts Bottoms by Under Armour 3XL . Great draws , fit like a glove ! need a few more
 Bought these for my husband to run in - he 's very happy with them . They are snug enough to prevent any chaffing but still comfortable .
 I wear compression shorts nearly all the time . I have very big legs and have problems with chafing since I do a lot of walking . I always wear these when playing softball or golf and they provide a very secure feel.My only complaint about these is that I find they tend to wear out faster than I would like . I 've purchased 10 or so pairs over the past 4 years , and I 've found that the inner thighs wear out on me after 8-10 months of daily wear . -LRB- which I must say is a lot longer than boxer briefs tend to last -RRB- Compared to other brands I 've used -LRB- champion , BCG , Nike -RRB- , I think that these are far superior in feel/support , and about average in durability.Overall I love these shorts , and will continue to purchase them .
 I love it . It is thick and tight . I would buy more but it is a little too expensive . YES
 Great quality , thick material with great support . Recommend it for running , not cycling as there are too many seams in the crotch area .
 love these ! I wear them every time I run.They keep my hamstrings nice and warm .
 This is my first experience with compression shorts , so my review is based on this experience alone.I am normally a size Large in underwear . I utilized other reviews for my purchase , which generally advised to buy the same size as your underwear . I am glad I did . My thighs and butt are a bit more muscled than some people because I weight train regularly , so when I first put these on they felt tight . Unfortunately the first feel was uncomfortable from a tightness standpoint , but after wearing them for a run on the treadmill and wearing them for a couple hours , I can barely notice they are on.The compression short did not distract me from my run in any way . Again , I did n't notice they were even there . If anything , it helped . The band may feel a bit tight , but I understand that it is designed this way for a reason . I believe I bought the correct size for me and I will be using these shorts on my runs and for leg training days.Only reason I am not giving 5-stars is because I have nothing else to compare them to . Amazon 's 4-star rating says &#34; I like it &#34; . I think that accurately describes how I feel about this item . Hope this helps you in some way .
 These are amazing ! My workouts are some much better with these ! Support galore yet pliant for easy movement ! The fabric formula is an Uner Armour exclusive ! Yes ! It matters . Athletes rejoice in total support ! Way recommended !
 its under armour you can not go wrong if you do not own a pair then you need to trust me get some
 I 'm a very active `` BIG '' guy , 375 + lbs . and was going to a water park with my family so I ordered the 3X to wear under my bathing suit . Because I 'm big my thighs get chafed from long walks and from being wet all the time so I thought this would work great due to the compression and smooth fabric and it did !! My only small complaint is the waist band is a little too stiff and would irritate my belly some times . I think it 's not an issue for most people because most people do n't have a belly as big as I have and I think the stiffness helps keep it from rolling down . This was a minor issue for me and after a full day at the park I came home with no chafing so I was so happy with them and I will order a few more !!
 Be sure that you check on Under Armour 's website to find sizing . I 'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small , turns out that I actually needed a medium size . They feel so cool and they 're so flexible . Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear ! Great quality product , way to go Under Armour : -RRB-
 These shorts fit just as I expected so the sizing was fine for me -LRB- 5 ' 9 , 160 lbs - Medium -RRB- . I have used other compression shorts in the past , but these have the best quality material - hands down . I feel like I got my money 's worth which is all I ask for .
 My husband loves theses . They fit great and get the job done.The blue that I ordered for him is a really nice solid color .
 Very happy with the entire purchase of these compression shorts . They shipped fast and fit great . Will buy more in the future .
 Just got mine today and I am lovin it !!! Nice fit & nice color as well . Under armour never disappoints me love there gear ! Overall I would def . recommend buying from this seller
 The product came quickly and was exactly what I wanted . In the past , these shorts have been great quality and have lasted much longer than other brands I have tried .
 These are great . I just got two pairs - One from Scheels and one from Amazon . Amazon 's are much better . They are comfortable and have made working out slightly less ackward on declined and ab workouts . They wick away a lot of the seat from your body . I would recomend these to anyone .
 Nice . These were tight and snug . These were a good length and exactly what I wanted . Buy it .
 These are great , but since I am in between a small and medium , I had to order the mediums from Under Armour .
 if your going for more of just an under layer and not a layer of protection from sliding , id go with teh performance breifs .
 it arrived extremely late , to the point where i wondered if i had been robbed . Be prepared for an extra 2-3 weeks on the shipping estimate .
 This is a great undergarment to keep my fat thighs rubbing together on long walks . I found these more comfy if I wore them without underwear .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find supportive athletic underwear that does n't bunch up or get sweaty . These are the ones ! I use them for Crossfit , running , hiking , etc. . They 're pretty snug , but keep everything under control and cool . However , I would not want to use these as every-day underwear ; they are much too tight for that . The longest I 've worn them is about 4 hours on a hike.I 'm not certain but it appears these are no longer made by Under Armour , at least under the same name . Luckily I purchased 10 pairs -- I 've had these for about 9 months and they are holding up perfectly when washed -LRB- cold water -RRB- and air dried . I 'm a size 29 waist , 5 ' 10 &#34; , 145 lbs , and the smalls are perfect . Absolutely zero leg ride-up even when squatting , running , etc. .
 I 've tried several pairs of compression shorts and these are the best I 've found . They fit nice and snugly , but stretch and breathe enough to be able to move around in . They 're a little pricey compared to others , but for the additional comfort and better quality , its worth it . So far they 've held up perfectly with no noticeable wear .
 After reading reviews , I ordered large UA shorts , a size larger than my normal . Way too small and ended getting XXL that fits right . Amazon/Vendor was excellent with exchange . I have 33in waist but with muscular `` cyclist '' build below the waist . Worn for just a couple of weeks and liking the fit and performance . Price comparable to local stores - bought before tax on online orders .
 I am a novice runner -LRB- ~ 9 miles a week -RRB- and i got these to help with running on treadmills . These pants are confortable and they keep everything in place . I am 5 ' 10 '' 230 # - I got the XL and they are about 1 '' above the knee . My only nit is that the compression on the legs could be a little tighter but that is probably the fact that I went a size up . Bought a second pair with longer legs and I like them just as much .
 I got these shorts in order to get gear for my first mud run . These are awesome . They kept the mud and sweat out of all the right places . I would def recommend .
 Underarmour has the thickest compression shorts , very durable , comfortable and fairly inexpensive . I am a Nike fan , but I have to go with under armour with these .
 Five-star rating for the quality of the product , but they run small . I ordered a large and it was just too small for me . I wear 36 '' pants comfortably , although I measure 38 '' around my waist at its thickest point . My thigh is 25 '' at its thickest point , and I measure 41 '' around my butt .
 Great product especially for the price . Only know I have is the stitching between the legs can cause slight chaffing if you 're running for longer periods of time . If not for that it would get 5 stars for sure .
 I received the Under Armour Heatgear Compression Short in the time of the offer , no delays , , the quality best than expected , 100 % recommended .
 Good buy and the colour is what I really want . Ca n't be any better . The compression , stretchability and feel is fantastic . Pricing is also reasonable .
 Bought these for my husband . His legs have always rubbed together and he gets a rash and complains of the pain . Mind you ... he weighs 190 lbs just has bigger legs . Anyhow , he has noticed a huge difference . He will not swim without these under his swim trunks now and if we have to walk a long ways or exercise ... he will not leave home without them . A huge lifesaver , we bought a couple more pair plus some of the underwear ones . Thanks Under Armour !
 These shorts work just fine and dont stretch at all throughout my workouts . I primarily bought them to help with chaffing while running , and so far i have not chaffed at all .
 This product works as advertised but is starting to wear and breakdown very easily . Durability is the only concern I have with it
 I use this compression short regularly for longer hikes and bicycle rides . Wo n't go back to using cotton undergarments for sports - No Chaffing , mostly dry even after long hikes/rides , dries overnight .
 Fit well , breathes easy . He wears these under his softball gear , and even under suits for formal events . He loves them .
 I bought these for exercising and put them to the real test when I went on a ten mile day hike . I was in waste deep water for nearly an hour and did n't wait to dry before starting my departure . I walked for two and a half hours solid and had absolutely no chaffing . What more do I need to say ? I am a believer in Under Armour . Add the waterproof Newport sandals and you are an ATV on the trails .
 This is an excellent product for many high intensity sports applications . Good support , excellent wicking , and snag free design make these shorts cool and comfortable .
 I purchased these for the man in my life . Compared to other similar items , these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility . They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing . I would recommend these to anyone !
 These are wonderful for running . I have Nike also , but these are the best , bar none . I now have three of these , and they keep me running !
 This is an excellent compression short that provides support and also breaths . This is excellent especially for summer wear .
 These are great for controlling heat during workouts or working in hot environments . They maintain their fit well even after several washes . Definitely help keep you more comfortable .
 Surprised how comfortable these are while working-out at the gym ! Will be looking to get a few more !
 I run about 4 miles 3 or 4 times a week . I was having problems with chaffing in-between my thighs so I read up on compression shorts and thought I 'd give it a try . It eliminated chaffing in those areas and I even think it sort of improved my performance due to there being no friction . I feel good when I run with these on . I have no clue about the durability . They 've lasted me a few months now and still look like new . I would recommend these for pretty much any sport . Worth the money in my opinion .
 Bought one pair , they 're great when I go the gym and do sit ups on the mats I do n't have to worry about my balls showing ; not that I care but could get arrested . I 'll be buying another pair soon .
 I USED TO WORK OUT WITH BOXERS UNDER MY SHORTS ... NOW THAT I OWN ONE OF THESE , I CA N'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH MORE EFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE MY WORKOUT IS . I USE THEM FOR JOGGING AND SOCCER . IT 'S GREAT FOR PRETTY MUCH ANY KIND OF EXERCISE . WILL DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN !
 I bought these because I play Ultimate Frisbee , I bought one initially and loved it so I bought another one . I wish they were a little longer but they work fine nevertheless .
 When I purchased these , I was thought they had a pad in the crotch area . I wanted to use them for cycling . Well , they do n't have a pad and even worse there is a seam running right through the center . This is usually a bad thing for me because it can cause chaffing in a place that can be very uncomfortable . However , I decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . Fortunately , they did n't chafe me . I do find them to be a bit tighter than I expected as well , but again it ultimately does n't cause any issues . Therefore , I have to say that it was a good deal considering the price difference between these and the ones that cost significantly more but have a pad .
 This was my first purchase from UnderArmour , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last if the rest of their products are as good as this one . The fit is perfect as well as the support . I 'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the technical features so all I can say is that I 'll buy a few more as I ca n't imagine wearing anything else . It feels that good .
 Excelente Envio rapido tal cual lo queria en el momento de la compra , recomendado para todos los que quieran esto
 Bought two of these compression shorts , it is a great buy ! It may cost a bit , but it is worth the price cause it will get the job done no matter what !
 Men 's HeatGear Compression 7 &#34; Shorts Bottoms by Under Armour 3XL . Great draws , fit like a glove ! need a few more
 Bought these for my husband to run in - he 's very happy with them . They are snug enough to prevent any chaffing but still comfortable .
 I wear compression shorts nearly all the time . I have very big legs and have problems with chafing since I do a lot of walking . I always wear these when playing softball or golf and they provide a very secure feel.My only complaint about these is that I find they tend to wear out faster than I would like . I 've purchased 10 or so pairs over the past 4 years , and I 've found that the inner thighs wear out on me after 8-10 months of daily wear . -LRB- which I must say is a lot longer than boxer briefs tend to last -RRB- Compared to other brands I 've used -LRB- champion , BCG , Nike -RRB- , I think that these are far superior in feel/support , and about average in durability.Overall I love these shorts , and will continue to purchase them .
 I love it . It is thick and tight . I would buy more but it is a little too expensive . YES
 Great quality , thick material with great support . Recommend it for running , not cycling as there are too many seams in the crotch area .
 This is a great undergarment to keep my fat thighs rubbing together on long walks . I found these more comfy if I wore them without underwear .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find supportive athletic underwear that does n't bunch up or get sweaty . These are the ones ! I use them for Crossfit , running , hiking , etc. . They 're pretty snug , but keep everything under control and cool . However , I would not want to use these as every-day underwear ; they are much too tight for that . The longest I 've worn them is about 4 hours on a hike.I 'm not certain but it appears these are no longer made by Under Armour , at least under the same name . Luckily I purchased 10 pairs -- I 've had these for about 9 months and they are holding up perfectly when washed -LRB- cold water -RRB- and air dried . I 'm a size 29 waist , 5 ' 10 &#34; , 145 lbs , and the smalls are perfect . Absolutely zero leg ride-up even when squatting , running , etc. .
 love these ! I wear them every time I run.They keep my hamstrings nice and warm .
 This is my first experience with compression shorts , so my review is based on this experience alone.I am normally a size Large in underwear . I utilized other reviews for my purchase , which generally advised to buy the same size as your underwear . I am glad I did . My thighs and butt are a bit more muscled than some people because I weight train regularly , so when I first put these on they felt tight . Unfortunately the first feel was uncomfortable from a tightness standpoint , but after wearing them for a run on the treadmill and wearing them for a couple hours , I can barely notice they are on.The compression short did not distract me from my run in any way . Again , I did n't notice they were even there . If anything , it helped . The band may feel a bit tight , but I understand that it is designed this way for a reason . I believe I bought the correct size for me and I will be using these shorts on my runs and for leg training days.Only reason I am not giving 5-stars is because I have nothing else to compare them to . Amazon 's 4-star rating says &#34; I like it &#34; . I think that accurately describes how I feel about this item . Hope this helps you in some way .
 These are amazing ! My workouts are some much better with these ! Support galore yet pliant for easy movement ! The fabric formula is an Uner Armour exclusive ! Yes ! It matters . Athletes rejoice in total support ! Way recommended !
 its under armour you can not go wrong if you do not own a pair then you need to trust me get some
 I 'm a very active `` BIG '' guy , 375 + lbs . and was going to a water park with my family so I ordered the 3X to wear under my bathing suit . Because I 'm big my thighs get chafed from long walks and from being wet all the time so I thought this would work great due to the compression and smooth fabric and it did !! My only small complaint is the waist band is a little too stiff and would irritate my belly some times . I think it 's not an issue for most people because most people do n't have a belly as big as I have and I think the stiffness helps keep it from rolling down . This was a minor issue for me and after a full day at the park I came home with no chafing so I was so happy with them and I will order a few more !!
 Be sure that you check on Under Armour 's website to find sizing . I 'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small , turns out that I actually needed a medium size . They feel so cool and they 're so flexible . Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear ! Great quality product , way to go Under Armour : -RRB-
 These shorts fit just as I expected so the sizing was fine for me -LRB- 5 ' 9 , 160 lbs - Medium -RRB- . I have used other compression shorts in the past , but these have the best quality material - hands down . I feel like I got my money 's worth which is all I ask for .
 My husband loves theses . They fit great and get the job done.The blue that I ordered for him is a really nice solid color .
 Very happy with the entire purchase of these compression shorts . They shipped fast and fit great . Will buy more in the future .
 I 've tried several pairs of compression shorts and these are the best I 've found . They fit nice and snugly , but stretch and breathe enough to be able to move around in . They 're a little pricey compared to others , but for the additional comfort and better quality , its worth it . So far they 've held up perfectly with no noticeable wear .
 After reading reviews , I ordered large UA shorts , a size larger than my normal . Way too small and ended getting XXL that fits right . Amazon/Vendor was excellent with exchange . I have 33in waist but with muscular `` cyclist '' build below the waist . Worn for just a couple of weeks and liking the fit and performance . Price comparable to local stores - bought before tax on online orders .
 I am a novice runner -LRB- ~ 9 miles a week -RRB- and i got these to help with running on treadmills . These pants are confortable and they keep everything in place . I am 5 ' 10 '' 230 # - I got the XL and they are about 1 '' above the knee . My only nit is that the compression on the legs could be a little tighter but that is probably the fact that I went a size up . Bought a second pair with longer legs and I like them just as much .
 I got these shorts in order to get gear for my first mud run . These are awesome . They kept the mud and sweat out of all the right places . I would def recommend .
 Underarmour has the thickest compression shorts , very durable , comfortable and fairly inexpensive . I am a Nike fan , but I have to go with under armour with these .
 Five-star rating for the quality of the product , but they run small . I ordered a large and it was just too small for me . I wear 36 '' pants comfortably , although I measure 38 '' around my waist at its thickest point . My thigh is 25 '' at its thickest point , and I measure 41 '' around my butt .
 Great product especially for the price . Only know I have is the stitching between the legs can cause slight chaffing if you 're running for longer periods of time . If not for that it would get 5 stars for sure .
 these compression shorts are quite good . the fabric is good , very good I would say . on the outside it 's almost frictionless between the thighs for instance , when I 'm running . it deals with moisture very nicely as well and stretches very well . only con is that I 've had other compression shorts that have a small pouch/pocket on the backside with a zipper , that you can put your keys in for example . that 's something very useful . if these would 've had that , I would 've awarded 5 stars .
 Would recommend over any other brand not because its Under Armour but the fact that it is really great and stays tight to hold everything in place during exercise when using the treadmill or doing some Insanity Workout DVDs . Great Product if your considering this its worth the extra buck because of how durable it is .
 I received the Under Armour Heatgear Compression Short in the time of the offer , no delays , , the quality best than expected , 100 % recommended .
 Good buy and the colour is what I really want . Ca n't be any better . The compression , stretchability and feel is fantastic . Pricing is also reasonable .
 Bought these for my husband . His legs have always rubbed together and he gets a rash and complains of the pain . Mind you ... he weighs 190 lbs just has bigger legs . Anyhow , he has noticed a huge difference . He will not swim without these under his swim trunks now and if we have to walk a long ways or exercise ... he will not leave home without them . A huge lifesaver , we bought a couple more pair plus some of the underwear ones . Thanks Under Armour !
 These shorts work just fine and dont stretch at all throughout my workouts . I primarily bought them to help with chaffing while running , and so far i have not chaffed at all .
 This product works as advertised but is starting to wear and breakdown very easily . Durability is the only concern I have with it
 I use this compression short regularly for longer hikes and bicycle rides . Wo n't go back to using cotton undergarments for sports - No Chaffing , mostly dry even after long hikes/rides , dries overnight .
 Fit well , breathes easy . He wears these under his softball gear , and even under suits for formal events . He loves them .
 I bought these for exercising and put them to the real test when I went on a ten mile day hike . I was in waste deep water for nearly an hour and did n't wait to dry before starting my departure . I walked for two and a half hours solid and had absolutely no chaffing . What more do I need to say ? I am a believer in Under Armour . Add the waterproof Newport sandals and you are an ATV on the trails .
 This is an excellent product for many high intensity sports applications . Good support , excellent wicking , and snag free design make these shorts cool and comfortable .
 I purchased these for the man in my life . Compared to other similar items , these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility . They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing . I would recommend these to anyone !
 These are super comfortable and work really well . I wear them underneath my gym shorts and they stay in place the way they are supposed to .
 Got them from Road Runner via Amazon.The shorts fit well , hold up under heavy use -LRB- I already had a pair -RRB- . I was familiar with Road Runner having purchased from them directly in the past so I was comfortable with the arrangement . Suffice it to say I was not disappointed .
 love them , wwear them all the time , great for working out , if u have any doubts , dont hesitate , and buy
 as stated above , best compression shorts on the market . these compression shorts do not lack quality and they will definitely last
 I bought the compression shorts for running and general workouts . The fit comfortably , and are exactly what I wanted . Under Armour makes great stuff , even though it can be costly .
 These do exactly what you need from undergarments for vigorous exercise - provide protection from chafing , wick away moisture , and provide comfortable wear . Strongly recommended .
 These are wonderful for running . I have Nike also , but these are the best , bar none . I now have three of these , and they keep me running !
 This is an excellent compression short that provides support and also breaths . This is excellent especially for summer wear .
 These are great for controlling heat during workouts or working in hot environments . They maintain their fit well even after several washes . Definitely help keep you more comfortable .
 I purchased this for my partner . It is exactly what he wanted . He really loves them ! Very comfortable , excellent fit , perfect for workouts .
 These compression shorts are very comfortable and very durable . True to size and after repeated washings they do not shrink or loose their elasticity . I would highly recommend .
 The shorts are well made and wisk away the sweat from heavy work outs . Highly reccomend them if you are tired of soaking thru your shorts while working out .
 I have been using this product for a while now and I absolutely love it . It feels very comfortable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 These are very comfortable and fit and work great . I wear them under my 10 '' UA shorts so they do n't peek out the bottom like some of the other compression shorts.The compression shorts really help avoid the leg rubbing of shorts or creeping when on the treadmill or elliptical . I 'm ordering more .
 Good quality , style , and sizingToo bad this style has been replaced with one where the UA logo is silver
 It is a great product . Good for aerobic and weight work outsTakes a lot to wear it out . That is why I bought is for my brother in law . A workoutaholic
 I have ordered 3 different compression shorts from Amazon - Shock Doctor , Under Armour & Nike Pro . Of the 3 , Nike Pro was the WORST & Under Armour was the best.The thickness , feel and texture of the material is the main criteria I use to judge a compression short . Nike Pro felt like paper and I could almost see thru it . The Under Armour was the sturdiest and thickest of the three . It also fitted well and I felt no stitching like I do with the Shock Doctor . The Shock Doc stitching is a little uncomfortable thought the fabric is strong.The only dislike is the availability of colours of the Under Armour through Amazon . All I am seeing for the past month or more is black . Where is the red or royal blue?My mother also bought the men 's for herself as she wears it with no shorts over it like I do and found that the elastic waist could have been tighter on the Large Under Armour . I had no problem with the XL . The Shock Doc elastic is also a little uncomfortable but can be folded . The NIke Pro elastic waist was fine.So of the three I will be ordering more Under Armour and neither of the other 2 brands .
 Great fit . They last a long time . I used these when I was deployed to the middle east , they held up very well and kept me cool .
 FITI am approximately 6 ' 2 '' - 185 lb - 32 '' waist and a medium fits very well with a good amount of compression . Only complaint is that even at my height , I feel this is still about 1 '' too much material on top -LRB- lower rise needed -RRB- , which I typically remedy by folding the waistband once . People who like their underwear to show above their shorts probably wo n't mind , but when I do n't wear a shirt , I do n't want a funny tan line.COMPARISON TO NIKE PROI own 4 of these and 2 Nike Pro . These are as good or better than the Nike Pro in every way . The Nike Pro are even higher rise , and I need to fold the waist 2 or three times . The UA and Nike Pro are made of different materials , and UA is thicker . The UA has a little more of the `` compression fit '' quality compared to Nike Pro . I find both brands are excellent.USE AND DURABILITYI use these for exclusively for running , biking , beach volleyball . I would recommend these for any sports activity as they have eliminated all leg chafing for me . If you normally wear cotton boxer briefs , these are WAY better . These hold their shape even after 8 hours of beach volleyball . My first two pairs have been worn and washed at least once a week for 6 months with no noticeable degradation .
 Excellent Product for Outdoor Military Duty in heat exceding 110 Degrees . Best choice of all Under Armour products for use as underwear in extreme high and cold tempearture environments .
 I signed up for track recently and some other guy sugested that I get some compresssion shorts , so i did . they gave me a lot of support for practice and meets . There are no locker room problems with these . They are really comfortable and snug and give that male support needed.i 've noticed that it sort of shows you 're pubes through the fabric sometimes , but other than that they are wonderful ; i wear them still even after track season .
 These things rock . I have very muscular legs but love to run for my cardio . When running more than 3 miles with regular running shorts , I would always get chaffing even when using Body Glide . It was recommended to me to get these shorts to wear under my running shorts and now I do not run without them . I LOVE them . I highly suggest getting the shorts that FIT you . I they are too small , they pinch . If they are too big , they gather and rub . If they are correct , you will love them as well .
 I 've workout for years and finally came to the conclusion that boxer shorts are not made for working out . My boxer shorts will always rise in between my thighs causing scratching which can be painful , especially during cardio that I constantly had to pull them from in between my thighs which was annoying and distracting . I did some looking and found these shorts from Under Armour right away it was a noticeable difference . The shorts felt very comfortable and stayed on my legs and thighs with out rising which I felt more flexibility and free during my workouts . Forget the boxers and buy a pair of these you will be glad that you did . Great product .
 I 'm currently 6 ' 2 '' , 175lbs , and have a 33 '' waist -LRB- I can fluctuate between a 32 '' and a 34 '' waist depending on my workout , and the time of year -RRB- . With that said , Under Armour 's sizing chart said that a Medium was 30-32 '' and a Large was 34-36 '' so I obviously decided to go with a size Large . I should 've actually went with an XL probably . The waist seems a little too tight for me . I realize they 're compression shorts , but the waist still seems too tight -LRB- not TOO uncomfortable , but still a bit worrisome -RRB- . I actually have a similar pair to these that I bought like 8 years ago -LRB- that I still wear -RRB- , and those were an XL too . I just figured they might 've tweaked their sizes since then . But yea , I would definitely order a size -LRB- or two -RRB- BIGGER than what Under Armour says , if you 're worried about the waist feeling too tight . Instead of returning my two pair for a new size -LRB- since I 've already worn them for a workout -RRB- , I might just try stretching them by leaving them on some sort of 36 '' sphere for a day or so . Hopefully after a while , they 'll actually stretch to fit a 33 '' waist comfortably.Other than the sizing , these are great . Definitely a slick pair of well-compressed underwear . Nice colors for the waist band help too as they will surely show if you decide to go topless . I 've always found the quality and materials to be superb for Under Armour products , and these are right on par with my expectations for that . There is also a ventilated version of these that I recommend too .
 I bought one pair of these and one pair of Road Runner Sports Velocity compression shorts to compare for running . I thought the UA pair was going to feel very hot , as the material is thick compared to other brands -LRB- Nike , RRS , etc -RRB- . These must do a great job wicking away moisture , because they felt very comfortable on a 20 mile run , and not hot like others in comparison . There is a reason you see UA products everywhere , they are really quality goods . I 'll be wearing these next weekend for a marathon , if that tells you the level of confidence and comfort -LRB- no chafing with these ! -RRB- I have in this product . Would give 5 stars , but I 've got to own them a bit longer before I go all in .
 Nice . These were tight and snug . These were a good length and exactly what I wanted . Buy it .
 These are great , but since I am in between a small and medium , I had to order the mediums from Under Armour .
 if your going for more of just an under layer and not a layer of protection from sliding , id go with teh performance breifs .
 it arrived extremely late , to the point where i wondered if i had been robbed . Be prepared for an extra 2-3 weeks on the shipping estimate .
 These shorts are exactly what I expected . They compress my legs very well , and do n't slide around . The waistband is quite comfortable , and does n't sit too high . These shorts are obviously intended to be work under your gym shorts , so if you 're looking for running shorts to wear by themselves , these are n't them . That said , they work exceptionally well , and I have had no issues with chafing since I started using these . Definitely worth the price !
 These work so well . I got a black pair for Christmas and needed a pair of white ones for my white soccer shorts . They help so much in recovery and I could n't recommend them more .
 Excellent buy for a quality product . The fit is wonderful and does the job very well . Tops on my list of Under Armour products .
 excelente el producto lo recomiendo , llego en buenas condiciones . el empaque es muy bueno , no estaba abierto y a tiempo !!
 Great for running and staying cool . I have a pair of Starter brand compression shorts that are awful in comparison to these .
 Just starting to work out . They feel right perfect . Hope we have to buy a smaller size soon . Thank you !
 U do n't even feel bothered by them , helps you work out without worrying about how lose ur shirts are or if u r sweating too much , u wo n't even notice u wearing them . .
 I 'd like if they rode a little lower , especially since they have no fly , but overall they are quite comfortable . And sexy , I 'm told : - -RRB-
 These are Nice Under Armour black heat gear compression shorts that are great for working out in and for other purposes .
 I like turning heads when i wear these jogging around town . They fit great , but still make me shafe just a bit . You uncircumsized guys are lukcy you dont have to deal with that .
 I got these compression shorts after starting to play indoor soccer again with some people from work and tweaking my quad . I have used these about 10 times sofar , each time it has remained snug , keeping my muscles warm . Washing them has not lessened their quality.Pros : - Remain snug the entire time wearing them keeping the muscles warm - Does not stretch out , high quality - Holds up fine in the washCons : - Only thing really is there a bit pricier than other options but they are worth itI would definitely get these again , and have actually been looking around to get another .
 The Under Armor Compression shorts were my first pair I ever had . I found them to be very comfortable and of good quality . I would buy this brand again , as well as suggest this brand for my friends .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND FIT WAS PERFECT . I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN ! IT CAME QUICKLY AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ASAP !
 Bought a few of these in different colors and I absolutely love them for working out , laying out in the sun , or underneath my board shorts . I wear shorts over them when I workout so now when your shorts fall down your legs while doing sit-ups -LRB- or anything else -RRB- you do n't have to try to hold em up wearing a pair of these compressions underneath . I was surprised by how fast they shipped them too since I was expecting them the week after when I bought em . They came a couple days later ! I would recommend you to go to a nearby mc sports or Dicks sporting goods and try on a pair to get a feel of what size you 'd be comfortable in . I normally get a size medium underwear . The mediums felt too tight on me and was pressed against my `` package '' making it uncomfortable . I have pairs in Large and X-Large and they fit best for me .
 These are nice , although I wish they 'd be a little longer and the waist not so high . When I go running I have to fold the waist down . They seem to bee good quality , although they are pretty expensive .
 This review is for
 No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention . Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your `` area '' may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear . Once you remember to do that , you 're set !
 These do exactly as they are advertised . They wick sweat very well and almost make the area feel chilly as you move about . It may take some getting used to ; since the slippery nylon has less friction than traditional boxers , the shorts you are wearing over them -LRB- I hope you are wearing shorts - I 've seen one dude wear it alone -RRB- may slip unexpectedly in undesirable directions .
 Under Armour Compression shorts are just fabulous to wear under your normal gym work out shorts . They feel comfortable and give you added supports when performing your gym workout routines . I have several pairs of these shorts , and I highly recommend them for any active person .
 Surprised how comfortable these are while working-out at the gym ! Will be looking to get a few more !
 I run about 4 miles 3 or 4 times a week . I was having problems with chaffing in-between my thighs so I read up on compression shorts and thought I 'd give it a try . It eliminated chaffing in those areas and I even think it sort of improved my performance due to there being no friction . I feel good when I run with these on . I have no clue about the durability . They 've lasted me a few months now and still look like new . I would recommend these for pretty much any sport . Worth the money in my opinion .
 Bought one pair , they 're great when I go the gym and do sit ups on the mats I do n't have to worry about my balls showing ; not that I care but could get arrested . I 'll be buying another pair soon .
 I USED TO WORK OUT WITH BOXERS UNDER MY SHORTS ... NOW THAT I OWN ONE OF THESE , I CA N'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH MORE EFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE MY WORKOUT IS . I USE THEM FOR JOGGING AND SOCCER . IT 'S GREAT FOR PRETTY MUCH ANY KIND OF EXERCISE . WILL DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN !
 I bought these because I play Ultimate Frisbee , I bought one initially and loved it so I bought another one . I wish they were a little longer but they work fine nevertheless .
 When I purchased these , I was thought they had a pad in the crotch area . I wanted to use them for cycling . Well , they do n't have a pad and even worse there is a seam running right through the center . This is usually a bad thing for me because it can cause chaffing in a place that can be very uncomfortable . However , I decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . Fortunately , they did n't chafe me . I do find them to be a bit tighter than I expected as well , but again it ultimately does n't cause any issues . Therefore , I have to say that it was a good deal considering the price difference between these and the ones that cost significantly more but have a pad .
 This was my first purchase from UnderArmour , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last if the rest of their products are as good as this one . The fit is perfect as well as the support . I 'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the technical features so all I can say is that I 'll buy a few more as I ca n't imagine wearing anything else . It feels that good .
 Just got mine today and I am lovin it !!! Nice fit & nice color as well . Under armour never disappoints me love there gear ! Overall I would def . recommend buying from this seller
 The product came quickly and was exactly what I wanted . In the past , these shorts have been great quality and have lasted much longer than other brands I have tried .
 These are great . I just got two pairs - One from Scheels and one from Amazon . Amazon 's are much better . They are comfortable and have made working out slightly less ackward on declined and ab workouts . They wick away a lot of the seat from your body . I would recomend these to anyone .
 I received the Under Armour Heatgear Compression Short in the time of the offer , no delays , , the quality best than expected , 100 % recommended .
 Good buy and the colour is what I really want . Ca n't be any better . The compression , stretchability and feel is fantastic . Pricing is also reasonable .
 Bought these for my husband . His legs have always rubbed together and he gets a rash and complains of the pain . Mind you ... he weighs 190 lbs just has bigger legs . Anyhow , he has noticed a huge difference . He will not swim without these under his swim trunks now and if we have to walk a long ways or exercise ... he will not leave home without them . A huge lifesaver , we bought a couple more pair plus some of the underwear ones . Thanks Under Armour !
 These shorts work just fine and dont stretch at all throughout my workouts . I primarily bought them to help with chaffing while running , and so far i have not chaffed at all .
 This product works as advertised but is starting to wear and breakdown very easily . Durability is the only concern I have with it
 I use this compression short regularly for longer hikes and bicycle rides . Wo n't go back to using cotton undergarments for sports - No Chaffing , mostly dry even after long hikes/rides , dries overnight .
 Fit well , breathes easy . He wears these under his softball gear , and even under suits for formal events . He loves them .
 I bought these for exercising and put them to the real test when I went on a ten mile day hike . I was in waste deep water for nearly an hour and did n't wait to dry before starting my departure . I walked for two and a half hours solid and had absolutely no chaffing . What more do I need to say ? I am a believer in Under Armour . Add the waterproof Newport sandals and you are an ATV on the trails .
 This is an excellent product for many high intensity sports applications . Good support , excellent wicking , and snag free design make these shorts cool and comfortable .
 I purchased these for the man in my life . Compared to other similar items , these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility . They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing . I would recommend these to anyone !
 This is a great undergarment to keep my fat thighs rubbing together on long walks . I found these more comfy if I wore them without underwear .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find supportive athletic underwear that does n't bunch up or get sweaty . These are the ones ! I use them for Crossfit , running , hiking , etc. . They 're pretty snug , but keep everything under control and cool . However , I would not want to use these as every-day underwear ; they are much too tight for that . The longest I 've worn them is about 4 hours on a hike.I 'm not certain but it appears these are no longer made by Under Armour , at least under the same name . Luckily I purchased 10 pairs -- I 've had these for about 9 months and they are holding up perfectly when washed -LRB- cold water -RRB- and air dried . I 'm a size 29 waist , 5 ' 10 &#34; , 145 lbs , and the smalls are perfect . Absolutely zero leg ride-up even when squatting , running , etc. .
 I 've tried several pairs of compression shorts and these are the best I 've found . They fit nice and snugly , but stretch and breathe enough to be able to move around in . They 're a little pricey compared to others , but for the additional comfort and better quality , its worth it . So far they 've held up perfectly with no noticeable wear .
 After reading reviews , I ordered large UA shorts , a size larger than my normal . Way too small and ended getting XXL that fits right . Amazon/Vendor was excellent with exchange . I have 33in waist but with muscular `` cyclist '' build below the waist . Worn for just a couple of weeks and liking the fit and performance . Price comparable to local stores - bought before tax on online orders .
 I am a novice runner -LRB- ~ 9 miles a week -RRB- and i got these to help with running on treadmills . These pants are confortable and they keep everything in place . I am 5 ' 10 '' 230 # - I got the XL and they are about 1 '' above the knee . My only nit is that the compression on the legs could be a little tighter but that is probably the fact that I went a size up . Bought a second pair with longer legs and I like them just as much .
 I got these shorts in order to get gear for my first mud run . These are awesome . They kept the mud and sweat out of all the right places . I would def recommend .
 Underarmour has the thickest compression shorts , very durable , comfortable and fairly inexpensive . I am a Nike fan , but I have to go with under armour with these .
 Five-star rating for the quality of the product , but they run small . I ordered a large and it was just too small for me . I wear 36 '' pants comfortably , although I measure 38 '' around my waist at its thickest point . My thigh is 25 '' at its thickest point , and I measure 41 '' around my butt .
 Great product especially for the price . Only know I have is the stitching between the legs can cause slight chaffing if you 're running for longer periods of time . If not for that it would get 5 stars for sure .
 love these ! I wear them every time I run.They keep my hamstrings nice and warm .
 This is my first experience with compression shorts , so my review is based on this experience alone.I am normally a size Large in underwear . I utilized other reviews for my purchase , which generally advised to buy the same size as your underwear . I am glad I did . My thighs and butt are a bit more muscled than some people because I weight train regularly , so when I first put these on they felt tight . Unfortunately the first feel was uncomfortable from a tightness standpoint , but after wearing them for a run on the treadmill and wearing them for a couple hours , I can barely notice they are on.The compression short did not distract me from my run in any way . Again , I did n't notice they were even there . If anything , it helped . The band may feel a bit tight , but I understand that it is designed this way for a reason . I believe I bought the correct size for me and I will be using these shorts on my runs and for leg training days.Only reason I am not giving 5-stars is because I have nothing else to compare them to . Amazon 's 4-star rating says &#34; I like it &#34; . I think that accurately describes how I feel about this item . Hope this helps you in some way .
 These are amazing ! My workouts are some much better with these ! Support galore yet pliant for easy movement ! The fabric formula is an Uner Armour exclusive ! Yes ! It matters . Athletes rejoice in total support ! Way recommended !
 its under armour you can not go wrong if you do not own a pair then you need to trust me get some
 I 'm a very active `` BIG '' guy , 375 + lbs . and was going to a water park with my family so I ordered the 3X to wear under my bathing suit . Because I 'm big my thighs get chafed from long walks and from being wet all the time so I thought this would work great due to the compression and smooth fabric and it did !! My only small complaint is the waist band is a little too stiff and would irritate my belly some times . I think it 's not an issue for most people because most people do n't have a belly as big as I have and I think the stiffness helps keep it from rolling down . This was a minor issue for me and after a full day at the park I came home with no chafing so I was so happy with them and I will order a few more !!
 Be sure that you check on Under Armour 's website to find sizing . I 'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small , turns out that I actually needed a medium size . They feel so cool and they 're so flexible . Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear ! Great quality product , way to go Under Armour : -RRB-
 These shorts fit just as I expected so the sizing was fine for me -LRB- 5 ' 9 , 160 lbs - Medium -RRB- . I have used other compression shorts in the past , but these have the best quality material - hands down . I feel like I got my money 's worth which is all I ask for .
 My husband loves theses . They fit great and get the job done.The blue that I ordered for him is a really nice solid color .
 Very happy with the entire purchase of these compression shorts . They shipped fast and fit great . Will buy more in the future .
 These are very comfortable and fit and work great . I wear them under my 10 '' UA shorts so they do n't peek out the bottom like some of the other compression shorts.The compression shorts really help avoid the leg rubbing of shorts or creeping when on the treadmill or elliptical . I 'm ordering more .
 Good quality , style , and sizingToo bad this style has been replaced with one where the UA logo is silver
 It is a great product . Good for aerobic and weight work outsTakes a lot to wear it out . That is why I bought is for my brother in law . A workoutaholic
 Excelente Envio rapido tal cual lo queria en el momento de la compra , recomendado para todos los que quieran esto
 Bought two of these compression shorts , it is a great buy ! It may cost a bit , but it is worth the price cause it will get the job done no matter what !
 Men 's HeatGear Compression 7 &#34; Shorts Bottoms by Under Armour 3XL . Great draws , fit like a glove ! need a few more
 Bought these for my husband to run in - he 's very happy with them . They are snug enough to prevent any chaffing but still comfortable .
 I wear compression shorts nearly all the time . I have very big legs and have problems with chafing since I do a lot of walking . I always wear these when playing softball or golf and they provide a very secure feel.My only complaint about these is that I find they tend to wear out faster than I would like . I 've purchased 10 or so pairs over the past 4 years , and I 've found that the inner thighs wear out on me after 8-10 months of daily wear . -LRB- which I must say is a lot longer than boxer briefs tend to last -RRB- Compared to other brands I 've used -LRB- champion , BCG , Nike -RRB- , I think that these are far superior in feel/support , and about average in durability.Overall I love these shorts , and will continue to purchase them .
 I love it . It is thick and tight . I would buy more but it is a little too expensive . YES
 Great quality , thick material with great support . Recommend it for running , not cycling as there are too many seams in the crotch area .
 These are wonderful for running . I have Nike also , but these are the best , bar none . I now have three of these , and they keep me running !
 This is an excellent compression short that provides support and also breaths . This is excellent especially for summer wear .
 These are great for controlling heat during workouts or working in hot environments . They maintain their fit well even after several washes . Definitely help keep you more comfortable .
 Surprised how comfortable these are while working-out at the gym ! Will be looking to get a few more !
 I run about 4 miles 3 or 4 times a week . I was having problems with chaffing in-between my thighs so I read up on compression shorts and thought I 'd give it a try . It eliminated chaffing in those areas and I even think it sort of improved my performance due to there being no friction . I feel good when I run with these on . I have no clue about the durability . They 've lasted me a few months now and still look like new . I would recommend these for pretty much any sport . Worth the money in my opinion .
 Bought one pair , they 're great when I go the gym and do sit ups on the mats I do n't have to worry about my balls showing ; not that I care but could get arrested . I 'll be buying another pair soon .
 I USED TO WORK OUT WITH BOXERS UNDER MY SHORTS ... NOW THAT I OWN ONE OF THESE , I CA N'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH MORE EFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE MY WORKOUT IS . I USE THEM FOR JOGGING AND SOCCER . IT 'S GREAT FOR PRETTY MUCH ANY KIND OF EXERCISE . WILL DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN !
 I bought these because I play Ultimate Frisbee , I bought one initially and loved it so I bought another one . I wish they were a little longer but they work fine nevertheless .
 When I purchased these , I was thought they had a pad in the crotch area . I wanted to use them for cycling . Well , they do n't have a pad and even worse there is a seam running right through the center . This is usually a bad thing for me because it can cause chaffing in a place that can be very uncomfortable . However , I decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . Fortunately , they did n't chafe me . I do find them to be a bit tighter than I expected as well , but again it ultimately does n't cause any issues . Therefore , I have to say that it was a good deal considering the price difference between these and the ones that cost significantly more but have a pad .
 This was my first purchase from UnderArmour , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last if the rest of their products are as good as this one . The fit is perfect as well as the support . I 'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the technical features so all I can say is that I 'll buy a few more as I ca n't imagine wearing anything else . It feels that good .
 these compression shorts are quite good . the fabric is good , very good I would say . on the outside it 's almost frictionless between the thighs for instance , when I 'm running . it deals with moisture very nicely as well and stretches very well . only con is that I 've had other compression shorts that have a small pouch/pocket on the backside with a zipper , that you can put your keys in for example . that 's something very useful . if these would 've had that , I would 've awarded 5 stars .
 Would recommend over any other brand not because its Under Armour but the fact that it is really great and stays tight to hold everything in place during exercise when using the treadmill or doing some Insanity Workout DVDs . Great Product if your considering this its worth the extra buck because of how durable it is .
 I got these compression shorts after starting to play indoor soccer again with some people from work and tweaking my quad . I have used these about 10 times sofar , each time it has remained snug , keeping my muscles warm . Washing them has not lessened their quality.Pros : - Remain snug the entire time wearing them keeping the muscles warm - Does not stretch out , high quality - Holds up fine in the washCons : - Only thing really is there a bit pricier than other options but they are worth itI would definitely get these again , and have actually been looking around to get another .
 The Under Armor Compression shorts were my first pair I ever had . I found them to be very comfortable and of good quality . I would buy this brand again , as well as suggest this brand for my friends .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND FIT WAS PERFECT . I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN ! IT CAME QUICKLY AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ASAP !
 Bought a few of these in different colors and I absolutely love them for working out , laying out in the sun , or underneath my board shorts . I wear shorts over them when I workout so now when your shorts fall down your legs while doing sit-ups -LRB- or anything else -RRB- you do n't have to try to hold em up wearing a pair of these compressions underneath . I was surprised by how fast they shipped them too since I was expecting them the week after when I bought em . They came a couple days later ! I would recommend you to go to a nearby mc sports or Dicks sporting goods and try on a pair to get a feel of what size you 'd be comfortable in . I normally get a size medium underwear . The mediums felt too tight on me and was pressed against my `` package '' making it uncomfortable . I have pairs in Large and X-Large and they fit best for me .
 These are nice , although I wish they 'd be a little longer and the waist not so high . When I go running I have to fold the waist down . They seem to bee good quality , although they are pretty expensive .
 This review is for
 These shorts are exactly what I expected . They compress my legs very well , and do n't slide around . The waistband is quite comfortable , and does n't sit too high . These shorts are obviously intended to be work under your gym shorts , so if you 're looking for running shorts to wear by themselves , these are n't them . That said , they work exceptionally well , and I have had no issues with chafing since I started using these . Definitely worth the price !
 These work so well . I got a black pair for Christmas and needed a pair of white ones for my white soccer shorts . They help so much in recovery and I could n't recommend them more .
 Excellent buy for a quality product . The fit is wonderful and does the job very well . Tops on my list of Under Armour products .
 Perfect for long hikes and any other activity outdoors . Comfortable and cool . Bought them sight unseen and they 're a perfect fit . Very happy .
 For the price these were a good pair of compression shorts . I am about 5 ' 4 &#34; and the medium pair were perfect for me . The shipping was free and very fast which was a bonus .
 excelente el producto lo recomiendo , llego en buenas condiciones . el empaque es muy bueno , no estaba abierto y a tiempo !!
 Great for running and staying cool . I have a pair of Starter brand compression shorts that are awful in comparison to these .
 Just starting to work out . They feel right perfect . Hope we have to buy a smaller size soon . Thank you !
 U do n't even feel bothered by them , helps you work out without worrying about how lose ur shirts are or if u r sweating too much , u wo n't even notice u wearing them . .
 Just got mine today and I am lovin it !!! Nice fit & nice color as well . Under armour never disappoints me love there gear ! Overall I would def . recommend buying from this seller
 The product came quickly and was exactly what I wanted . In the past , these shorts have been great quality and have lasted much longer than other brands I have tried .
 These are great . I just got two pairs - One from Scheels and one from Amazon . Amazon 's are much better . They are comfortable and have made working out slightly less ackward on declined and ab workouts . They wick away a lot of the seat from your body . I would recomend these to anyone .
 Nice . These were tight and snug . These were a good length and exactly what I wanted . Buy it .
 These are great , but since I am in between a small and medium , I had to order the mediums from Under Armour .
 if your going for more of just an under layer and not a layer of protection from sliding , id go with teh performance breifs .
 it arrived extremely late , to the point where i wondered if i had been robbed . Be prepared for an extra 2-3 weeks on the shipping estimate .
 I have ordered 3 different compression shorts from Amazon - Shock Doctor , Under Armour & Nike Pro . Of the 3 , Nike Pro was the WORST & Under Armour was the best.The thickness , feel and texture of the material is the main criteria I use to judge a compression short . Nike Pro felt like paper and I could almost see thru it . The Under Armour was the sturdiest and thickest of the three . It also fitted well and I felt no stitching like I do with the Shock Doctor . The Shock Doc stitching is a little uncomfortable thought the fabric is strong.The only dislike is the availability of colours of the Under Armour through Amazon . All I am seeing for the past month or more is black . Where is the red or royal blue?My mother also bought the men 's for herself as she wears it with no shorts over it like I do and found that the elastic waist could have been tighter on the Large Under Armour . I had no problem with the XL . The Shock Doc elastic is also a little uncomfortable but can be folded . The NIke Pro elastic waist was fine.So of the three I will be ordering more Under Armour and neither of the other 2 brands .
 Great fit . They last a long time . I used these when I was deployed to the middle east , they held up very well and kept me cool .
 FITI am approximately 6 ' 2 '' - 185 lb - 32 '' waist and a medium fits very well with a good amount of compression . Only complaint is that even at my height , I feel this is still about 1 '' too much material on top -LRB- lower rise needed -RRB- , which I typically remedy by folding the waistband once . People who like their underwear to show above their shorts probably wo n't mind , but when I do n't wear a shirt , I do n't want a funny tan line.COMPARISON TO NIKE PROI own 4 of these and 2 Nike Pro . These are as good or better than the Nike Pro in every way . The Nike Pro are even higher rise , and I need to fold the waist 2 or three times . The UA and Nike Pro are made of different materials , and UA is thicker . The UA has a little more of the `` compression fit '' quality compared to Nike Pro . I find both brands are excellent.USE AND DURABILITYI use these for exclusively for running , biking , beach volleyball . I would recommend these for any sports activity as they have eliminated all leg chafing for me . If you normally wear cotton boxer briefs , these are WAY better . These hold their shape even after 8 hours of beach volleyball . My first two pairs have been worn and washed at least once a week for 6 months with no noticeable degradation .
 Excellent Product for Outdoor Military Duty in heat exceding 110 Degrees . Best choice of all Under Armour products for use as underwear in extreme high and cold tempearture environments .
 I signed up for track recently and some other guy sugested that I get some compresssion shorts , so i did . they gave me a lot of support for practice and meets . There are no locker room problems with these . They are really comfortable and snug and give that male support needed.i 've noticed that it sort of shows you 're pubes through the fabric sometimes , but other than that they are wonderful ; i wear them still even after track season .
 These things rock . I have very muscular legs but love to run for my cardio . When running more than 3 miles with regular running shorts , I would always get chaffing even when using Body Glide . It was recommended to me to get these shorts to wear under my running shorts and now I do not run without them . I LOVE them . I highly suggest getting the shorts that FIT you . I they are too small , they pinch . If they are too big , they gather and rub . If they are correct , you will love them as well .
 I 've workout for years and finally came to the conclusion that boxer shorts are not made for working out . My boxer shorts will always rise in between my thighs causing scratching which can be painful , especially during cardio that I constantly had to pull them from in between my thighs which was annoying and distracting . I did some looking and found these shorts from Under Armour right away it was a noticeable difference . The shorts felt very comfortable and stayed on my legs and thighs with out rising which I felt more flexibility and free during my workouts . Forget the boxers and buy a pair of these you will be glad that you did . Great product .
 I 'm currently 6 ' 2 '' , 175lbs , and have a 33 '' waist -LRB- I can fluctuate between a 32 '' and a 34 '' waist depending on my workout , and the time of year -RRB- . With that said , Under Armour 's sizing chart said that a Medium was 30-32 '' and a Large was 34-36 '' so I obviously decided to go with a size Large . I should 've actually went with an XL probably . The waist seems a little too tight for me . I realize they 're compression shorts , but the waist still seems too tight -LRB- not TOO uncomfortable , but still a bit worrisome -RRB- . I actually have a similar pair to these that I bought like 8 years ago -LRB- that I still wear -RRB- , and those were an XL too . I just figured they might 've tweaked their sizes since then . But yea , I would definitely order a size -LRB- or two -RRB- BIGGER than what Under Armour says , if you 're worried about the waist feeling too tight . Instead of returning my two pair for a new size -LRB- since I 've already worn them for a workout -RRB- , I might just try stretching them by leaving them on some sort of 36 '' sphere for a day or so . Hopefully after a while , they 'll actually stretch to fit a 33 '' waist comfortably.Other than the sizing , these are great . Definitely a slick pair of well-compressed underwear . Nice colors for the waist band help too as they will surely show if you decide to go topless . I 've always found the quality and materials to be superb for Under Armour products , and these are right on par with my expectations for that . There is also a ventilated version of these that I recommend too .
 I bought one pair of these and one pair of Road Runner Sports Velocity compression shorts to compare for running . I thought the UA pair was going to feel very hot , as the material is thick compared to other brands -LRB- Nike , RRS , etc -RRB- . These must do a great job wicking away moisture , because they felt very comfortable on a 20 mile run , and not hot like others in comparison . There is a reason you see UA products everywhere , they are really quality goods . I 'll be wearing these next weekend for a marathon , if that tells you the level of confidence and comfort -LRB- no chafing with these ! -RRB- I have in this product . Would give 5 stars , but I 've got to own them a bit longer before I go all in .
 I 'd like if they rode a little lower , especially since they have no fly , but overall they are quite comfortable . And sexy , I 'm told : - -RRB-
 These are Nice Under Armour black heat gear compression shorts that are great for working out in and for other purposes .
 I like turning heads when i wear these jogging around town . They fit great , but still make me shafe just a bit . You uncircumsized guys are lukcy you dont have to deal with that .
 I purchased this for my partner . It is exactly what he wanted . He really loves them ! Very comfortable , excellent fit , perfect for workouts .
 These compression shorts are very comfortable and very durable . True to size and after repeated washings they do not shrink or loose their elasticity . I would highly recommend .
 The shorts are well made and wisk away the sweat from heavy work outs . Highly reccomend them if you are tired of soaking thru your shorts while working out .
 I have been using this product for a while now and I absolutely love it . It feels very comfortable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention . Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your `` area '' may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear . Once you remember to do that , you 're set !
 These do exactly as they are advertised . They wick sweat very well and almost make the area feel chilly as you move about . It may take some getting used to ; since the slippery nylon has less friction than traditional boxers , the shorts you are wearing over them -LRB- I hope you are wearing shorts - I 've seen one dude wear it alone -RRB- may slip unexpectedly in undesirable directions .
 Under Armour Compression shorts are just fabulous to wear under your normal gym work out shorts . They feel comfortable and give you added supports when performing your gym workout routines . I have several pairs of these shorts , and I highly recommend them for any active person .
 These are super comfortable and work really well . I wear them underneath my gym shorts and they stay in place the way they are supposed to .
 Got them from Road Runner via Amazon.The shorts fit well , hold up under heavy use -LRB- I already had a pair -RRB- . I was familiar with Road Runner having purchased from them directly in the past so I was comfortable with the arrangement . Suffice it to say I was not disappointed .
 love them , wwear them all the time , great for working out , if u have any doubts , dont hesitate , and buy
 as stated above , best compression shorts on the market . these compression shorts do not lack quality and they will definitely last
 I bought the compression shorts for running and general workouts . The fit comfortably , and are exactly what I wanted . Under Armour makes great stuff , even though it can be costly .
 These do exactly what you need from undergarments for vigorous exercise - provide protection from chafing , wick away moisture , and provide comfortable wear . Strongly recommended .
 Installed it on my 16 ft center console it works seems like a good product takes a lot of water to set it off but does what its supposed to
 I purchased 3 of these after 2 cheaper models failed in a salt water bilge environment . It is easy to install and has worked perfectly since installation about 3 months ago .
 These are n't hard to find - plenty of catalogs have them . But this was priced well , the order was handled well , and I got it quickly without any nonesense .
 I can not understand why every mooring does not have a pcikup stick . Now I can moor single handed without trouble .
 This is a higher quality version of less expensive products . I bought it after knee surgery when my doctor recommended leg lifts . It 's comfortable . The components are durable , and it features metal weights rather than bags of sand . It is important to note this is a product for one ankle , so you need to use it on one leg at a time , or buy two if you want to use them on both legs at the same time . If you 're going to be using it routinely over a long period , it 's a good investment .
 WARNING
 All Pro has made an excellent product enabling me to rehab from knee surgery in small increments as I gain back strength . Easy to use , soft and non-abrasive to the skin , but durable and effective .
 This is not a pair/single only with seperate 1/2 lbs metal weights . Easy to install weights , two 1/2 lbs weights to each sewn in pocket . Very well made .
 I bought this for my Rams obsessed boyfriend and he loved it . The quality and stiching of the jersey is superb and the colors are vibrant . He feels like he 's apart of the team now .
 I 'd like if they rode a little lower , especially since they have no fly , but overall they are quite comfortable . And sexy , I 'm told : - -RRB-
 These are Nice Under Armour black heat gear compression shorts that are great for working out in and for other purposes .
 I like turning heads when i wear these jogging around town . They fit great , but still make me shafe just a bit . You uncircumsized guys are lukcy you dont have to deal with that .
 I purchased this for my partner . It is exactly what he wanted . He really loves them ! Very comfortable , excellent fit , perfect for workouts .
 These compression shorts are very comfortable and very durable . True to size and after repeated washings they do not shrink or loose their elasticity . I would highly recommend .
 The shorts are well made and wisk away the sweat from heavy work outs . Highly reccomend them if you are tired of soaking thru your shorts while working out .
 I have been using this product for a while now and I absolutely love it . It feels very comfortable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 I have ordered 3 different compression shorts from Amazon - Shock Doctor , Under Armour & Nike Pro . Of the 3 , Nike Pro was the WORST & Under Armour was the best.The thickness , feel and texture of the material is the main criteria I use to judge a compression short . Nike Pro felt like paper and I could almost see thru it . The Under Armour was the sturdiest and thickest of the three . It also fitted well and I felt no stitching like I do with the Shock Doctor . The Shock Doc stitching is a little uncomfortable thought the fabric is strong.The only dislike is the availability of colours of the Under Armour through Amazon . All I am seeing for the past month or more is black . Where is the red or royal blue?My mother also bought the men 's for herself as she wears it with no shorts over it like I do and found that the elastic waist could have been tighter on the Large Under Armour . I had no problem with the XL . The Shock Doc elastic is also a little uncomfortable but can be folded . The NIke Pro elastic waist was fine.So of the three I will be ordering more Under Armour and neither of the other 2 brands .
 Great fit . They last a long time . I used these when I was deployed to the middle east , they held up very well and kept me cool .
 FITI am approximately 6 ' 2 '' - 185 lb - 32 '' waist and a medium fits very well with a good amount of compression . Only complaint is that even at my height , I feel this is still about 1 '' too much material on top -LRB- lower rise needed -RRB- , which I typically remedy by folding the waistband once . People who like their underwear to show above their shorts probably wo n't mind , but when I do n't wear a shirt , I do n't want a funny tan line.COMPARISON TO NIKE PROI own 4 of these and 2 Nike Pro . These are as good or better than the Nike Pro in every way . The Nike Pro are even higher rise , and I need to fold the waist 2 or three times . The UA and Nike Pro are made of different materials , and UA is thicker . The UA has a little more of the `` compression fit '' quality compared to Nike Pro . I find both brands are excellent.USE AND DURABILITYI use these for exclusively for running , biking , beach volleyball . I would recommend these for any sports activity as they have eliminated all leg chafing for me . If you normally wear cotton boxer briefs , these are WAY better . These hold their shape even after 8 hours of beach volleyball . My first two pairs have been worn and washed at least once a week for 6 months with no noticeable degradation .
 Excellent Product for Outdoor Military Duty in heat exceding 110 Degrees . Best choice of all Under Armour products for use as underwear in extreme high and cold tempearture environments .
 I signed up for track recently and some other guy sugested that I get some compresssion shorts , so i did . they gave me a lot of support for practice and meets . There are no locker room problems with these . They are really comfortable and snug and give that male support needed.i 've noticed that it sort of shows you 're pubes through the fabric sometimes , but other than that they are wonderful ; i wear them still even after track season .
 These things rock . I have very muscular legs but love to run for my cardio . When running more than 3 miles with regular running shorts , I would always get chaffing even when using Body Glide . It was recommended to me to get these shorts to wear under my running shorts and now I do not run without them . I LOVE them . I highly suggest getting the shorts that FIT you . I they are too small , they pinch . If they are too big , they gather and rub . If they are correct , you will love them as well .
 I 've workout for years and finally came to the conclusion that boxer shorts are not made for working out . My boxer shorts will always rise in between my thighs causing scratching which can be painful , especially during cardio that I constantly had to pull them from in between my thighs which was annoying and distracting . I did some looking and found these shorts from Under Armour right away it was a noticeable difference . The shorts felt very comfortable and stayed on my legs and thighs with out rising which I felt more flexibility and free during my workouts . Forget the boxers and buy a pair of these you will be glad that you did . Great product .
 I 'm currently 6 ' 2 '' , 175lbs , and have a 33 '' waist -LRB- I can fluctuate between a 32 '' and a 34 '' waist depending on my workout , and the time of year -RRB- . With that said , Under Armour 's sizing chart said that a Medium was 30-32 '' and a Large was 34-36 '' so I obviously decided to go with a size Large . I should 've actually went with an XL probably . The waist seems a little too tight for me . I realize they 're compression shorts , but the waist still seems too tight -LRB- not TOO uncomfortable , but still a bit worrisome -RRB- . I actually have a similar pair to these that I bought like 8 years ago -LRB- that I still wear -RRB- , and those were an XL too . I just figured they might 've tweaked their sizes since then . But yea , I would definitely order a size -LRB- or two -RRB- BIGGER than what Under Armour says , if you 're worried about the waist feeling too tight . Instead of returning my two pair for a new size -LRB- since I 've already worn them for a workout -RRB- , I might just try stretching them by leaving them on some sort of 36 '' sphere for a day or so . Hopefully after a while , they 'll actually stretch to fit a 33 '' waist comfortably.Other than the sizing , these are great . Definitely a slick pair of well-compressed underwear . Nice colors for the waist band help too as they will surely show if you decide to go topless . I 've always found the quality and materials to be superb for Under Armour products , and these are right on par with my expectations for that . There is also a ventilated version of these that I recommend too .
 I bought one pair of these and one pair of Road Runner Sports Velocity compression shorts to compare for running . I thought the UA pair was going to feel very hot , as the material is thick compared to other brands -LRB- Nike , RRS , etc -RRB- . These must do a great job wicking away moisture , because they felt very comfortable on a 20 mile run , and not hot like others in comparison . There is a reason you see UA products everywhere , they are really quality goods . I 'll be wearing these next weekend for a marathon , if that tells you the level of confidence and comfort -LRB- no chafing with these ! -RRB- I have in this product . Would give 5 stars , but I 've got to own them a bit longer before I go all in .
 No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention . Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your `` area '' may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear . Once you remember to do that , you 're set !
 These do exactly as they are advertised . They wick sweat very well and almost make the area feel chilly as you move about . It may take some getting used to ; since the slippery nylon has less friction than traditional boxers , the shorts you are wearing over them -LRB- I hope you are wearing shorts - I 've seen one dude wear it alone -RRB- may slip unexpectedly in undesirable directions .
 Under Armour Compression shorts are just fabulous to wear under your normal gym work out shorts . They feel comfortable and give you added supports when performing your gym workout routines . I have several pairs of these shorts , and I highly recommend them for any active person .
 These are super comfortable and work really well . I wear them underneath my gym shorts and they stay in place the way they are supposed to .
 Got them from Road Runner via Amazon.The shorts fit well , hold up under heavy use -LRB- I already had a pair -RRB- . I was familiar with Road Runner having purchased from them directly in the past so I was comfortable with the arrangement . Suffice it to say I was not disappointed .
 love them , wwear them all the time , great for working out , if u have any doubts , dont hesitate , and buy
 as stated above , best compression shorts on the market . these compression shorts do not lack quality and they will definitely last
 I bought the compression shorts for running and general workouts . The fit comfortably , and are exactly what I wanted . Under Armour makes great stuff , even though it can be costly .
 These do exactly what you need from undergarments for vigorous exercise - provide protection from chafing , wick away moisture , and provide comfortable wear . Strongly recommended .
 Just got mine today and I am lovin it !!! Nice fit & nice color as well . Under armour never disappoints me love there gear ! Overall I would def . recommend buying from this seller
 The product came quickly and was exactly what I wanted . In the past , these shorts have been great quality and have lasted much longer than other brands I have tried .
 These are great . I just got two pairs - One from Scheels and one from Amazon . Amazon 's are much better . They are comfortable and have made working out slightly less ackward on declined and ab workouts . They wick away a lot of the seat from your body . I would recomend these to anyone .
 Nice . These were tight and snug . These were a good length and exactly what I wanted . Buy it .
 These are great , but since I am in between a small and medium , I had to order the mediums from Under Armour .
 if your going for more of just an under layer and not a layer of protection from sliding , id go with teh performance breifs .
 it arrived extremely late , to the point where i wondered if i had been robbed . Be prepared for an extra 2-3 weeks on the shipping estimate .
 these compression shorts are quite good . the fabric is good , very good I would say . on the outside it 's almost frictionless between the thighs for instance , when I 'm running . it deals with moisture very nicely as well and stretches very well . only con is that I 've had other compression shorts that have a small pouch/pocket on the backside with a zipper , that you can put your keys in for example . that 's something very useful . if these would 've had that , I would 've awarded 5 stars .
 Would recommend over any other brand not because its Under Armour but the fact that it is really great and stays tight to hold everything in place during exercise when using the treadmill or doing some Insanity Workout DVDs . Great Product if your considering this its worth the extra buck because of how durable it is .
 I got these compression shorts after starting to play indoor soccer again with some people from work and tweaking my quad . I have used these about 10 times sofar , each time it has remained snug , keeping my muscles warm . Washing them has not lessened their quality.Pros : - Remain snug the entire time wearing them keeping the muscles warm - Does not stretch out , high quality - Holds up fine in the washCons : - Only thing really is there a bit pricier than other options but they are worth itI would definitely get these again , and have actually been looking around to get another .
 The Under Armor Compression shorts were my first pair I ever had . I found them to be very comfortable and of good quality . I would buy this brand again , as well as suggest this brand for my friends .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND FIT WAS PERFECT . I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN ! IT CAME QUICKLY AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ASAP !
 Bought a few of these in different colors and I absolutely love them for working out , laying out in the sun , or underneath my board shorts . I wear shorts over them when I workout so now when your shorts fall down your legs while doing sit-ups -LRB- or anything else -RRB- you do n't have to try to hold em up wearing a pair of these compressions underneath . I was surprised by how fast they shipped them too since I was expecting them the week after when I bought em . They came a couple days later ! I would recommend you to go to a nearby mc sports or Dicks sporting goods and try on a pair to get a feel of what size you 'd be comfortable in . I normally get a size medium underwear . The mediums felt too tight on me and was pressed against my `` package '' making it uncomfortable . I have pairs in Large and X-Large and they fit best for me .
 These are nice , although I wish they 'd be a little longer and the waist not so high . When I go running I have to fold the waist down . They seem to bee good quality , although they are pretty expensive .
 This review is for
 These shorts are exactly what I expected . They compress my legs very well , and do n't slide around . The waistband is quite comfortable , and does n't sit too high . These shorts are obviously intended to be work under your gym shorts , so if you 're looking for running shorts to wear by themselves , these are n't them . That said , they work exceptionally well , and I have had no issues with chafing since I started using these . Definitely worth the price !
 These work so well . I got a black pair for Christmas and needed a pair of white ones for my white soccer shorts . They help so much in recovery and I could n't recommend them more .
 Excellent buy for a quality product . The fit is wonderful and does the job very well . Tops on my list of Under Armour products .
 Perfect for long hikes and any other activity outdoors . Comfortable and cool . Bought them sight unseen and they 're a perfect fit . Very happy .
 For the price these were a good pair of compression shorts . I am about 5 ' 4 &#34; and the medium pair were perfect for me . The shipping was free and very fast which was a bonus .
 excelente el producto lo recomiendo , llego en buenas condiciones . el empaque es muy bueno , no estaba abierto y a tiempo !!
 Great for running and staying cool . I have a pair of Starter brand compression shorts that are awful in comparison to these .
 Just starting to work out . They feel right perfect . Hope we have to buy a smaller size soon . Thank you !
 U do n't even feel bothered by them , helps you work out without worrying about how lose ur shirts are or if u r sweating too much , u wo n't even notice u wearing them . .
 These are wonderful for running . I have Nike also , but these are the best , bar none . I now have three of these , and they keep me running !
 This is an excellent compression short that provides support and also breaths . This is excellent especially for summer wear .
 These are great for controlling heat during workouts or working in hot environments . They maintain their fit well even after several washes . Definitely help keep you more comfortable .
 Surprised how comfortable these are while working-out at the gym ! Will be looking to get a few more !
 I run about 4 miles 3 or 4 times a week . I was having problems with chaffing in-between my thighs so I read up on compression shorts and thought I 'd give it a try . It eliminated chaffing in those areas and I even think it sort of improved my performance due to there being no friction . I feel good when I run with these on . I have no clue about the durability . They 've lasted me a few months now and still look like new . I would recommend these for pretty much any sport . Worth the money in my opinion .
 Bought one pair , they 're great when I go the gym and do sit ups on the mats I do n't have to worry about my balls showing ; not that I care but could get arrested . I 'll be buying another pair soon .
 I USED TO WORK OUT WITH BOXERS UNDER MY SHORTS ... NOW THAT I OWN ONE OF THESE , I CA N'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH MORE EFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE MY WORKOUT IS . I USE THEM FOR JOGGING AND SOCCER . IT 'S GREAT FOR PRETTY MUCH ANY KIND OF EXERCISE . WILL DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN !
 I bought these because I play Ultimate Frisbee , I bought one initially and loved it so I bought another one . I wish they were a little longer but they work fine nevertheless .
 When I purchased these , I was thought they had a pad in the crotch area . I wanted to use them for cycling . Well , they do n't have a pad and even worse there is a seam running right through the center . This is usually a bad thing for me because it can cause chaffing in a place that can be very uncomfortable . However , I decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . Fortunately , they did n't chafe me . I do find them to be a bit tighter than I expected as well , but again it ultimately does n't cause any issues . Therefore , I have to say that it was a good deal considering the price difference between these and the ones that cost significantly more but have a pad .
 This was my first purchase from UnderArmour , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last if the rest of their products are as good as this one . The fit is perfect as well as the support . I 'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the technical features so all I can say is that I 'll buy a few more as I ca n't imagine wearing anything else . It feels that good .
 These are very comfortable and fit and work great . I wear them under my 10 '' UA shorts so they do n't peek out the bottom like some of the other compression shorts.The compression shorts really help avoid the leg rubbing of shorts or creeping when on the treadmill or elliptical . I 'm ordering more .
 Good quality , style , and sizingToo bad this style has been replaced with one where the UA logo is silver
 It is a great product . Good for aerobic and weight work outsTakes a lot to wear it out . That is why I bought is for my brother in law . A workoutaholic
 Excelente Envio rapido tal cual lo queria en el momento de la compra , recomendado para todos los que quieran esto
 Bought two of these compression shorts , it is a great buy ! It may cost a bit , but it is worth the price cause it will get the job done no matter what !
 Men 's HeatGear Compression 7 &#34; Shorts Bottoms by Under Armour 3XL . Great draws , fit like a glove ! need a few more
 Bought these for my husband to run in - he 's very happy with them . They are snug enough to prevent any chaffing but still comfortable .
 I wear compression shorts nearly all the time . I have very big legs and have problems with chafing since I do a lot of walking . I always wear these when playing softball or golf and they provide a very secure feel.My only complaint about these is that I find they tend to wear out faster than I would like . I 've purchased 10 or so pairs over the past 4 years , and I 've found that the inner thighs wear out on me after 8-10 months of daily wear . -LRB- which I must say is a lot longer than boxer briefs tend to last -RRB- Compared to other brands I 've used -LRB- champion , BCG , Nike -RRB- , I think that these are far superior in feel/support , and about average in durability.Overall I love these shorts , and will continue to purchase them .
 I love it . It is thick and tight . I would buy more but it is a little too expensive . YES
 Great quality , thick material with great support . Recommend it for running , not cycling as there are too many seams in the crotch area .
 love these ! I wear them every time I run.They keep my hamstrings nice and warm .
 This is my first experience with compression shorts , so my review is based on this experience alone.I am normally a size Large in underwear . I utilized other reviews for my purchase , which generally advised to buy the same size as your underwear . I am glad I did . My thighs and butt are a bit more muscled than some people because I weight train regularly , so when I first put these on they felt tight . Unfortunately the first feel was uncomfortable from a tightness standpoint , but after wearing them for a run on the treadmill and wearing them for a couple hours , I can barely notice they are on.The compression short did not distract me from my run in any way . Again , I did n't notice they were even there . If anything , it helped . The band may feel a bit tight , but I understand that it is designed this way for a reason . I believe I bought the correct size for me and I will be using these shorts on my runs and for leg training days.Only reason I am not giving 5-stars is because I have nothing else to compare them to . Amazon 's 4-star rating says &#34; I like it &#34; . I think that accurately describes how I feel about this item . Hope this helps you in some way .
 These are amazing ! My workouts are some much better with these ! Support galore yet pliant for easy movement ! The fabric formula is an Uner Armour exclusive ! Yes ! It matters . Athletes rejoice in total support ! Way recommended !
 its under armour you can not go wrong if you do not own a pair then you need to trust me get some
 I 'm a very active `` BIG '' guy , 375 + lbs . and was going to a water park with my family so I ordered the 3X to wear under my bathing suit . Because I 'm big my thighs get chafed from long walks and from being wet all the time so I thought this would work great due to the compression and smooth fabric and it did !! My only small complaint is the waist band is a little too stiff and would irritate my belly some times . I think it 's not an issue for most people because most people do n't have a belly as big as I have and I think the stiffness helps keep it from rolling down . This was a minor issue for me and after a full day at the park I came home with no chafing so I was so happy with them and I will order a few more !!
 Be sure that you check on Under Armour 's website to find sizing . I 'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small , turns out that I actually needed a medium size . They feel so cool and they 're so flexible . Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear ! Great quality product , way to go Under Armour : -RRB-
 These shorts fit just as I expected so the sizing was fine for me -LRB- 5 ' 9 , 160 lbs - Medium -RRB- . I have used other compression shorts in the past , but these have the best quality material - hands down . I feel like I got my money 's worth which is all I ask for .
 My husband loves theses . They fit great and get the job done.The blue that I ordered for him is a really nice solid color .
 Very happy with the entire purchase of these compression shorts . They shipped fast and fit great . Will buy more in the future .
 This is a great undergarment to keep my fat thighs rubbing together on long walks . I found these more comfy if I wore them without underwear .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find supportive athletic underwear that does n't bunch up or get sweaty . These are the ones ! I use them for Crossfit , running , hiking , etc. . They 're pretty snug , but keep everything under control and cool . However , I would not want to use these as every-day underwear ; they are much too tight for that . The longest I 've worn them is about 4 hours on a hike.I 'm not certain but it appears these are no longer made by Under Armour , at least under the same name . Luckily I purchased 10 pairs -- I 've had these for about 9 months and they are holding up perfectly when washed -LRB- cold water -RRB- and air dried . I 'm a size 29 waist , 5 ' 10 &#34; , 145 lbs , and the smalls are perfect . Absolutely zero leg ride-up even when squatting , running , etc. .
 I 've tried several pairs of compression shorts and these are the best I 've found . They fit nice and snugly , but stretch and breathe enough to be able to move around in . They 're a little pricey compared to others , but for the additional comfort and better quality , its worth it . So far they 've held up perfectly with no noticeable wear .
 After reading reviews , I ordered large UA shorts , a size larger than my normal . Way too small and ended getting XXL that fits right . Amazon/Vendor was excellent with exchange . I have 33in waist but with muscular `` cyclist '' build below the waist . Worn for just a couple of weeks and liking the fit and performance . Price comparable to local stores - bought before tax on online orders .
 I am a novice runner -LRB- ~ 9 miles a week -RRB- and i got these to help with running on treadmills . These pants are confortable and they keep everything in place . I am 5 ' 10 '' 230 # - I got the XL and they are about 1 '' above the knee . My only nit is that the compression on the legs could be a little tighter but that is probably the fact that I went a size up . Bought a second pair with longer legs and I like them just as much .
 I got these shorts in order to get gear for my first mud run . These are awesome . They kept the mud and sweat out of all the right places . I would def recommend .
 Underarmour has the thickest compression shorts , very durable , comfortable and fairly inexpensive . I am a Nike fan , but I have to go with under armour with these .
 Five-star rating for the quality of the product , but they run small . I ordered a large and it was just too small for me . I wear 36 '' pants comfortably , although I measure 38 '' around my waist at its thickest point . My thigh is 25 '' at its thickest point , and I measure 41 '' around my butt .
 Great product especially for the price . Only know I have is the stitching between the legs can cause slight chaffing if you 're running for longer periods of time . If not for that it would get 5 stars for sure .
 I received the Under Armour Heatgear Compression Short in the time of the offer , no delays , , the quality best than expected , 100 % recommended .
 Good buy and the colour is what I really want . Ca n't be any better . The compression , stretchability and feel is fantastic . Pricing is also reasonable .
 Bought these for my husband . His legs have always rubbed together and he gets a rash and complains of the pain . Mind you ... he weighs 190 lbs just has bigger legs . Anyhow , he has noticed a huge difference . He will not swim without these under his swim trunks now and if we have to walk a long ways or exercise ... he will not leave home without them . A huge lifesaver , we bought a couple more pair plus some of the underwear ones . Thanks Under Armour !
 These shorts work just fine and dont stretch at all throughout my workouts . I primarily bought them to help with chaffing while running , and so far i have not chaffed at all .
 This product works as advertised but is starting to wear and breakdown very easily . Durability is the only concern I have with it
 I use this compression short regularly for longer hikes and bicycle rides . Wo n't go back to using cotton undergarments for sports - No Chaffing , mostly dry even after long hikes/rides , dries overnight .
 Fit well , breathes easy . He wears these under his softball gear , and even under suits for formal events . He loves them .
 I bought these for exercising and put them to the real test when I went on a ten mile day hike . I was in waste deep water for nearly an hour and did n't wait to dry before starting my departure . I walked for two and a half hours solid and had absolutely no chaffing . What more do I need to say ? I am a believer in Under Armour . Add the waterproof Newport sandals and you are an ATV on the trails .
 This is an excellent product for many high intensity sports applications . Good support , excellent wicking , and snag free design make these shorts cool and comfortable .
 I purchased these for the man in my life . Compared to other similar items , these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility . They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing . I would recommend these to anyone !
 The NBA logo on this controller -LRB- which is a small piece of fitted plastic -RRB- fell off this controller the first day I had it , but it was nevertheless easily glued back on and has been a perfectly good controller since . No real complaints and it 's stylish . My son likes it very much .
 I have ordered 3 different compression shorts from Amazon - Shock Doctor , Under Armour & Nike Pro . Of the 3 , Nike Pro was the WORST & Under Armour was the best.The thickness , feel and texture of the material is the main criteria I use to judge a compression short . Nike Pro felt like paper and I could almost see thru it . The Under Armour was the sturdiest and thickest of the three . It also fitted well and I felt no stitching like I do with the Shock Doctor . The Shock Doc stitching is a little uncomfortable thought the fabric is strong.The only dislike is the availability of colours of the Under Armour through Amazon . All I am seeing for the past month or more is black . Where is the red or royal blue?My mother also bought the men 's for herself as she wears it with no shorts over it like I do and found that the elastic waist could have been tighter on the Large Under Armour . I had no problem with the XL . The Shock Doc elastic is also a little uncomfortable but can be folded . The NIke Pro elastic waist was fine.So of the three I will be ordering more Under Armour and neither of the other 2 brands .
 Great fit . They last a long time . I used these when I was deployed to the middle east , they held up very well and kept me cool .
 FITI am approximately 6 ' 2 '' - 185 lb - 32 '' waist and a medium fits very well with a good amount of compression . Only complaint is that even at my height , I feel this is still about 1 '' too much material on top -LRB- lower rise needed -RRB- , which I typically remedy by folding the waistband once . People who like their underwear to show above their shorts probably wo n't mind , but when I do n't wear a shirt , I do n't want a funny tan line.COMPARISON TO NIKE PROI own 4 of these and 2 Nike Pro . These are as good or better than the Nike Pro in every way . The Nike Pro are even higher rise , and I need to fold the waist 2 or three times . The UA and Nike Pro are made of different materials , and UA is thicker . The UA has a little more of the `` compression fit '' quality compared to Nike Pro . I find both brands are excellent.USE AND DURABILITYI use these for exclusively for running , biking , beach volleyball . I would recommend these for any sports activity as they have eliminated all leg chafing for me . If you normally wear cotton boxer briefs , these are WAY better . These hold their shape even after 8 hours of beach volleyball . My first two pairs have been worn and washed at least once a week for 6 months with no noticeable degradation .
 Excellent Product for Outdoor Military Duty in heat exceding 110 Degrees . Best choice of all Under Armour products for use as underwear in extreme high and cold tempearture environments .
 I signed up for track recently and some other guy sugested that I get some compresssion shorts , so i did . they gave me a lot of support for practice and meets . There are no locker room problems with these . They are really comfortable and snug and give that male support needed.i 've noticed that it sort of shows you 're pubes through the fabric sometimes , but other than that they are wonderful ; i wear them still even after track season .
 These things rock . I have very muscular legs but love to run for my cardio . When running more than 3 miles with regular running shorts , I would always get chaffing even when using Body Glide . It was recommended to me to get these shorts to wear under my running shorts and now I do not run without them . I LOVE them . I highly suggest getting the shorts that FIT you . I they are too small , they pinch . If they are too big , they gather and rub . If they are correct , you will love them as well .
 I 've workout for years and finally came to the conclusion that boxer shorts are not made for working out . My boxer shorts will always rise in between my thighs causing scratching which can be painful , especially during cardio that I constantly had to pull them from in between my thighs which was annoying and distracting . I did some looking and found these shorts from Under Armour right away it was a noticeable difference . The shorts felt very comfortable and stayed on my legs and thighs with out rising which I felt more flexibility and free during my workouts . Forget the boxers and buy a pair of these you will be glad that you did . Great product .
 I 'm currently 6 ' 2 '' , 175lbs , and have a 33 '' waist -LRB- I can fluctuate between a 32 '' and a 34 '' waist depending on my workout , and the time of year -RRB- . With that said , Under Armour 's sizing chart said that a Medium was 30-32 '' and a Large was 34-36 '' so I obviously decided to go with a size Large . I should 've actually went with an XL probably . The waist seems a little too tight for me . I realize they 're compression shorts , but the waist still seems too tight -LRB- not TOO uncomfortable , but still a bit worrisome -RRB- . I actually have a similar pair to these that I bought like 8 years ago -LRB- that I still wear -RRB- , and those were an XL too . I just figured they might 've tweaked their sizes since then . But yea , I would definitely order a size -LRB- or two -RRB- BIGGER than what Under Armour says , if you 're worried about the waist feeling too tight . Instead of returning my two pair for a new size -LRB- since I 've already worn them for a workout -RRB- , I might just try stretching them by leaving them on some sort of 36 '' sphere for a day or so . Hopefully after a while , they 'll actually stretch to fit a 33 '' waist comfortably.Other than the sizing , these are great . Definitely a slick pair of well-compressed underwear . Nice colors for the waist band help too as they will surely show if you decide to go topless . I 've always found the quality and materials to be superb for Under Armour products , and these are right on par with my expectations for that . There is also a ventilated version of these that I recommend too .
 I bought one pair of these and one pair of Road Runner Sports Velocity compression shorts to compare for running . I thought the UA pair was going to feel very hot , as the material is thick compared to other brands -LRB- Nike , RRS , etc -RRB- . These must do a great job wicking away moisture , because they felt very comfortable on a 20 mile run , and not hot like others in comparison . There is a reason you see UA products everywhere , they are really quality goods . I 'll be wearing these next weekend for a marathon , if that tells you the level of confidence and comfort -LRB- no chafing with these ! -RRB- I have in this product . Would give 5 stars , but I 've got to own them a bit longer before I go all in .
 The shorts are well made and wisk away the sweat from heavy work outs . Highly reccomend them if you are tired of soaking thru your shorts while working out .
 I have been using this product for a while now and I absolutely love it . It feels very comfortable . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Great Product !! very useful , good quality , i love it , the price it is ok , and the size two . I will buy it again !!
 These are very comfortable and fit and work great . I wear them under my 10 '' UA shorts so they do n't peek out the bottom like some of the other compression shorts.The compression shorts really help avoid the leg rubbing of shorts or creeping when on the treadmill or elliptical . I 'm ordering more .
 Good quality , style , and sizingToo bad this style has been replaced with one where the UA logo is silver
 It is a great product . Good for aerobic and weight work outsTakes a lot to wear it out . That is why I bought is for my brother in law . A workoutaholic
 Excelente Envio rapido tal cual lo queria en el momento de la compra , recomendado para todos los que quieran esto
 Bought two of these compression shorts , it is a great buy ! It may cost a bit , but it is worth the price cause it will get the job done no matter what !
 love them , wwear them all the time , great for working out , if u have any doubts , dont hesitate , and buy
 as stated above , best compression shorts on the market . these compression shorts do not lack quality and they will definitely last
 I bought the compression shorts for running and general workouts . The fit comfortably , and are exactly what I wanted . Under Armour makes great stuff , even though it can be costly .
 These do exactly what you need from undergarments for vigorous exercise - provide protection from chafing , wick away moisture , and provide comfortable wear . Strongly recommended .
 These are wonderful for running . I have Nike also , but these are the best , bar none . I now have three of these , and they keep me running !
 This is an excellent compression short that provides support and also breaths . This is excellent especially for summer wear .
 These are great for controlling heat during workouts or working in hot environments . They maintain their fit well even after several washes . Definitely help keep you more comfortable .
 Surprised how comfortable these are while working-out at the gym ! Will be looking to get a few more !
 I run about 4 miles 3 or 4 times a week . I was having problems with chaffing in-between my thighs so I read up on compression shorts and thought I 'd give it a try . It eliminated chaffing in those areas and I even think it sort of improved my performance due to there being no friction . I feel good when I run with these on . I have no clue about the durability . They 've lasted me a few months now and still look like new . I would recommend these for pretty much any sport . Worth the money in my opinion .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND FIT WAS PERFECT . I WOULD DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN ! IT CAME QUICKLY AND I WAS ABLE TO USE IT ASAP !
 Bought a few of these in different colors and I absolutely love them for working out , laying out in the sun , or underneath my board shorts . I wear shorts over them when I workout so now when your shorts fall down your legs while doing sit-ups -LRB- or anything else -RRB- you do n't have to try to hold em up wearing a pair of these compressions underneath . I was surprised by how fast they shipped them too since I was expecting them the week after when I bought em . They came a couple days later ! I would recommend you to go to a nearby mc sports or Dicks sporting goods and try on a pair to get a feel of what size you 'd be comfortable in . I normally get a size medium underwear . The mediums felt too tight on me and was pressed against my `` package '' making it uncomfortable . I have pairs in Large and X-Large and they fit best for me .
 These are nice , although I wish they 'd be a little longer and the waist not so high . When I go running I have to fold the waist down . They seem to bee good quality , although they are pretty expensive .
 This review is for
 No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention . Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your `` area '' may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear . Once you remember to do that , you 're set !
 These do exactly as they are advertised . They wick sweat very well and almost make the area feel chilly as you move about . It may take some getting used to ; since the slippery nylon has less friction than traditional boxers , the shorts you are wearing over them -LRB- I hope you are wearing shorts - I 've seen one dude wear it alone -RRB- may slip unexpectedly in undesirable directions .
 Under Armour Compression shorts are just fabulous to wear under your normal gym work out shorts . They feel comfortable and give you added supports when performing your gym workout routines . I have several pairs of these shorts , and I highly recommend them for any active person .
 These are super comfortable and work really well . I wear them underneath my gym shorts and they stay in place the way they are supposed to .
 Got them from Road Runner via Amazon.The shorts fit well , hold up under heavy use -LRB- I already had a pair -RRB- . I was familiar with Road Runner having purchased from them directly in the past so I was comfortable with the arrangement . Suffice it to say I was not disappointed .
 These shorts are exactly what I expected . They compress my legs very well , and do n't slide around . The waistband is quite comfortable , and does n't sit too high . These shorts are obviously intended to be work under your gym shorts , so if you 're looking for running shorts to wear by themselves , these are n't them . That said , they work exceptionally well , and I have had no issues with chafing since I started using these . Definitely worth the price !
 These work so well . I got a black pair for Christmas and needed a pair of white ones for my white soccer shorts . They help so much in recovery and I could n't recommend them more .
 Excellent buy for a quality product . The fit is wonderful and does the job very well . Tops on my list of Under Armour products .
 Just starting to work out . They feel right perfect . Hope we have to buy a smaller size soon . Thank you !
 U do n't even feel bothered by them , helps you work out without worrying about how lose ur shirts are or if u r sweating too much , u wo n't even notice u wearing them . .
 I 'd like if they rode a little lower , especially since they have no fly , but overall they are quite comfortable . And sexy , I 'm told : - -RRB-
 These are Nice Under Armour black heat gear compression shorts that are great for working out in and for other purposes .
 I like turning heads when i wear these jogging around town . They fit great , but still make me shafe just a bit . You uncircumsized guys are lukcy you dont have to deal with that .
 I purchased this for my partner . It is exactly what he wanted . He really loves them ! Very comfortable , excellent fit , perfect for workouts .
 These compression shorts are very comfortable and very durable . True to size and after repeated washings they do not shrink or loose their elasticity . I would highly recommend .
 Bought one pair , they 're great when I go the gym and do sit ups on the mats I do n't have to worry about my balls showing ; not that I care but could get arrested . I 'll be buying another pair soon .
 I USED TO WORK OUT WITH BOXERS UNDER MY SHORTS ... NOW THAT I OWN ONE OF THESE , I CA N'T BELIEVE HOW MUCH MORE EFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE MY WORKOUT IS . I USE THEM FOR JOGGING AND SOCCER . IT 'S GREAT FOR PRETTY MUCH ANY KIND OF EXERCISE . WILL DEFINITELY BUY AGAIN !
 I bought these because I play Ultimate Frisbee , I bought one initially and loved it so I bought another one . I wish they were a little longer but they work fine nevertheless .
 When I purchased these , I was thought they had a pad in the crotch area . I wanted to use them for cycling . Well , they do n't have a pad and even worse there is a seam running right through the center . This is usually a bad thing for me because it can cause chaffing in a place that can be very uncomfortable . However , I decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . Fortunately , they did n't chafe me . I do find them to be a bit tighter than I expected as well , but again it ultimately does n't cause any issues . Therefore , I have to say that it was a good deal considering the price difference between these and the ones that cost significantly more but have a pad .
 This was my first purchase from UnderArmour , and I 'm sure it wo n't be the last if the rest of their products are as good as this one . The fit is perfect as well as the support . I 'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the technical features so all I can say is that I 'll buy a few more as I ca n't imagine wearing anything else . It feels that good .
 Just got mine today and I am lovin it !!! Nice fit & nice color as well . Under armour never disappoints me love there gear ! Overall I would def . recommend buying from this seller
 The product came quickly and was exactly what I wanted . In the past , these shorts have been great quality and have lasted much longer than other brands I have tried .
 These are great . I just got two pairs - One from Scheels and one from Amazon . Amazon 's are much better . They are comfortable and have made working out slightly less ackward on declined and ab workouts . They wick away a lot of the seat from your body . I would recomend these to anyone .
 Nice . These were tight and snug . These were a good length and exactly what I wanted . Buy it .
 love these ! I wear them every time I run.They keep my hamstrings nice and warm .
 This is my first experience with compression shorts , so my review is based on this experience alone.I am normally a size Large in underwear . I utilized other reviews for my purchase , which generally advised to buy the same size as your underwear . I am glad I did . My thighs and butt are a bit more muscled than some people because I weight train regularly , so when I first put these on they felt tight . Unfortunately the first feel was uncomfortable from a tightness standpoint , but after wearing them for a run on the treadmill and wearing them for a couple hours , I can barely notice they are on.The compression short did not distract me from my run in any way . Again , I did n't notice they were even there . If anything , it helped . The band may feel a bit tight , but I understand that it is designed this way for a reason . I believe I bought the correct size for me and I will be using these shorts on my runs and for leg training days.Only reason I am not giving 5-stars is because I have nothing else to compare them to . Amazon 's 4-star rating says &#34; I like it &#34; . I think that accurately describes how I feel about this item . Hope this helps you in some way .
 These are amazing ! My workouts are some much better with these ! Support galore yet pliant for easy movement ! The fabric formula is an Uner Armour exclusive ! Yes ! It matters . Athletes rejoice in total support ! Way recommended !
 its under armour you can not go wrong if you do not own a pair then you need to trust me get some
 I 'm a very active `` BIG '' guy , 375 + lbs . and was going to a water park with my family so I ordered the 3X to wear under my bathing suit . Because I 'm big my thighs get chafed from long walks and from being wet all the time so I thought this would work great due to the compression and smooth fabric and it did !! My only small complaint is the waist band is a little too stiff and would irritate my belly some times . I think it 's not an issue for most people because most people do n't have a belly as big as I have and I think the stiffness helps keep it from rolling down . This was a minor issue for me and after a full day at the park I came home with no chafing so I was so happy with them and I will order a few more !!
 Be sure that you check on Under Armour 's website to find sizing . I 'm about a size 30 waist and thought I needed a small , turns out that I actually needed a medium size . They feel so cool and they 're so flexible . Sometimes I just want to wear them as regular underwear ! Great quality product , way to go Under Armour : -RRB-
 These shorts fit just as I expected so the sizing was fine for me -LRB- 5 ' 9 , 160 lbs - Medium -RRB- . I have used other compression shorts in the past , but these have the best quality material - hands down . I feel like I got my money 's worth which is all I ask for .
 My husband loves theses . They fit great and get the job done.The blue that I ordered for him is a really nice solid color .
 Very happy with the entire purchase of these compression shorts . They shipped fast and fit great . Will buy more in the future .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression 7 &#34; Shorts Bottoms by Under Armour 3XL . Great draws , fit like a glove ! need a few more
 Bought these for my husband to run in - he 's very happy with them . They are snug enough to prevent any chaffing but still comfortable .
 I wear compression shorts nearly all the time . I have very big legs and have problems with chafing since I do a lot of walking . I always wear these when playing softball or golf and they provide a very secure feel.My only complaint about these is that I find they tend to wear out faster than I would like . I 've purchased 10 or so pairs over the past 4 years , and I 've found that the inner thighs wear out on me after 8-10 months of daily wear . -LRB- which I must say is a lot longer than boxer briefs tend to last -RRB- Compared to other brands I 've used -LRB- champion , BCG , Nike -RRB- , I think that these are far superior in feel/support , and about average in durability.Overall I love these shorts , and will continue to purchase them .
 I love it . It is thick and tight . I would buy more but it is a little too expensive . YES
 Great quality , thick material with great support . Recommend it for running , not cycling as there are too many seams in the crotch area .
 This is a great undergarment to keep my fat thighs rubbing together on long walks . I found these more comfy if I wore them without underwear .
 I spent a lot of time trying to find supportive athletic underwear that does n't bunch up or get sweaty . These are the ones ! I use them for Crossfit , running , hiking , etc. . They 're pretty snug , but keep everything under control and cool . However , I would not want to use these as every-day underwear ; they are much too tight for that . The longest I 've worn them is about 4 hours on a hike.I 'm not certain but it appears these are no longer made by Under Armour , at least under the same name . Luckily I purchased 10 pairs -- I 've had these for about 9 months and they are holding up perfectly when washed -LRB- cold water -RRB- and air dried . I 'm a size 29 waist , 5 ' 10 &#34; , 145 lbs , and the smalls are perfect . Absolutely zero leg ride-up even when squatting , running , etc. .
 I 've tried several pairs of compression shorts and these are the best I 've found . They fit nice and snugly , but stretch and breathe enough to be able to move around in . They 're a little pricey compared to others , but for the additional comfort and better quality , its worth it . So far they 've held up perfectly with no noticeable wear .
 After reading reviews , I ordered large UA shorts , a size larger than my normal . Way too small and ended getting XXL that fits right . Amazon/Vendor was excellent with exchange . I have 33in waist but with muscular `` cyclist '' build below the waist . Worn for just a couple of weeks and liking the fit and performance . Price comparable to local stores - bought before tax on online orders .
 I received the Under Armour Heatgear Compression Short in the time of the offer , no delays , , the quality best than expected , 100 % recommended .
 Good buy and the colour is what I really want . Ca n't be any better . The compression , stretchability and feel is fantastic . Pricing is also reasonable .
 Bought these for my husband . His legs have always rubbed together and he gets a rash and complains of the pain . Mind you ... he weighs 190 lbs just has bigger legs . Anyhow , he has noticed a huge difference . He will not swim without these under his swim trunks now and if we have to walk a long ways or exercise ... he will not leave home without them . A huge lifesaver , we bought a couple more pair plus some of the underwear ones . Thanks Under Armour !
 These shorts work just fine and dont stretch at all throughout my workouts . I primarily bought them to help with chaffing while running , and so far i have not chaffed at all .
 This product works as advertised but is starting to wear and breakdown very easily . Durability is the only concern I have with it
 I use this compression short regularly for longer hikes and bicycle rides . Wo n't go back to using cotton undergarments for sports - No Chaffing , mostly dry even after long hikes/rides , dries overnight .
 Fit well , breathes easy . He wears these under his softball gear , and even under suits for formal events . He loves them .
 I bought these for exercising and put them to the real test when I went on a ten mile day hike . I was in waste deep water for nearly an hour and did n't wait to dry before starting my departure . I walked for two and a half hours solid and had absolutely no chaffing . What more do I need to say ? I am a believer in Under Armour . Add the waterproof Newport sandals and you are an ATV on the trails .
 This is an excellent product for many high intensity sports applications . Good support , excellent wicking , and snag free design make these shorts cool and comfortable .
 I purchased these for the man in my life . Compared to other similar items , these rate the best quality and just overall fit/likeablility . They are holding up well with frequent use and frequent washing . I would recommend these to anyone !
 I am a novice runner -LRB- ~ 9 miles a week -RRB- and i got these to help with running on treadmills . These pants are confortable and they keep everything in place . I am 5 ' 10 '' 230 # - I got the XL and they are about 1 '' above the knee . My only nit is that the compression on the legs could be a little tighter but that is probably the fact that I went a size up . Bought a second pair with longer legs and I like them just as much .
 I got these shorts in order to get gear for my first mud run . These are awesome . They kept the mud and sweat out of all the right places . I would def recommend .
 Underarmour has the thickest compression shorts , very durable , comfortable and fairly inexpensive . I am a Nike fan , but I have to go with under armour with these .
 Five-star rating for the quality of the product , but they run small . I ordered a large and it was just too small for me . I wear 36 '' pants comfortably , although I measure 38 '' around my waist at its thickest point . My thigh is 25 '' at its thickest point , and I measure 41 '' around my butt .
 Great product especially for the price . Only know I have is the stitching between the legs can cause slight chaffing if you 're running for longer periods of time . If not for that it would get 5 stars for sure .
 these compression shorts are quite good . the fabric is good , very good I would say . on the outside it 's almost frictionless between the thighs for instance , when I 'm running . it deals with moisture very nicely as well and stretches very well . only con is that I 've had other compression shorts that have a small pouch/pocket on the backside with a zipper , that you can put your keys in for example . that 's something very useful . if these would 've had that , I would 've awarded 5 stars .
 Would recommend over any other brand not because its Under Armour but the fact that it is really great and stays tight to hold everything in place during exercise when using the treadmill or doing some Insanity Workout DVDs . Great Product if your considering this its worth the extra buck because of how durable it is .
 I got these compression shorts after starting to play indoor soccer again with some people from work and tweaking my quad . I have used these about 10 times sofar , each time it has remained snug , keeping my muscles warm . Washing them has not lessened their quality.Pros : - Remain snug the entire time wearing them keeping the muscles warm - Does not stretch out , high quality - Holds up fine in the washCons : - Only thing really is there a bit pricier than other options but they are worth itI would definitely get these again , and have actually been looking around to get another .
 The Under Armor Compression shorts were my first pair I ever had . I found them to be very comfortable and of good quality . I would buy this brand again , as well as suggest this brand for my friends .
 These are great , but since I am in between a small and medium , I had to order the mediums from Under Armour .
 if your going for more of just an under layer and not a layer of protection from sliding , id go with teh performance breifs .
 it arrived extremely late , to the point where i wondered if i had been robbed . Be prepared for an extra 2-3 weeks on the shipping estimate .
 This product was as described . It is very large and made of sturdy screen and poles . The only downfall is it takes at least 2 people to set it up . Quick shipping ... about 5 days .
 We really like this screen house . It has everything we were looking for , very spacious , good height , lots of visibility , easy setup . But we had a few nights of 30mph winds that tossed it all over the place.The stakes that come with it are not the most ideal . The loops just slide right over them and when the wind gets under that canopy , it goes for a ride .
 This product is great!There was a thunderstorm in which i had other screen tents break , but this one stood strong Although it doesnt come with directions to put it together it pretty straight forward
 my husband thought this was great since he is an astros fan . no problems .
 This Nalgene is a great size -- not big and bulky like the 32 oz bottles . The mouth is just as wide , though , preventing the `` glug , glug , glug '' effect of smaller mouths when full . It fits in virtually every cup holder .
 Great bicycle sized nalgene . I bought it thinking it was a 32oz . but it turned out it fit perfectly in my bike water bottle holder .
 The bottle is durable , and a good size . Its also easy to carry around , much easier than those big nalgene bottles . Good for travel , at work , or at school . Im pleased with the product .
 This bottle is great ! It is a perfect size to take to the gym .
 I ordered this watch as an everyday watch that I could also dive with . Has proven to be a great buy . I have not had any issues with this watch . A jewler did have some difficulty in removing links from the band , but I took it to another jewler who had no problem at all . The only downside is that it 's date is very simple , in that you must move the watch forward in those months that do not have 31 days .
 I ordered this watch back in 2006 . I wore it every day for the last 6 years and it had many hours in the pool/water and close to 100 dives on it , with one dive as deep as 137 feet back in 2008 . Awesome watch . However , the last time I took it in to have the battery changed , the jeweler -LRB- I guess -RRB- did n't put it back together correctly and it flooded 2 weeks ago . So , it is no longer working . Although I did love this watch and it 's smaller size -LRB- I 'm not a large male with big wrists -RRB- I am going to purchase an automatic watch this time so I do n't have rely on jewelers to change out the battery .
 Hello , I just received this watch today , and have been playing with it all day . Here are my thoughts :1 . The case , bezel , and face are well constructed and solid feeling . Bezel is crisp , and the face detail is fine .2 . The bracelet is just ok . The links are very difficult to remove , even with a pin pusher . When you put them back in , they have a tendency to flatten out and smash , rather than just tuck down in the holes . There is no `` middle size '' link to remove , so fitment can be hit or miss . I managed to get one link out of the 6 O'clock position , however the watch still slides toward the back of my wrist . If I take another link out , the watch becomes too small .3 . Biggest complaint is the high-reflective wave pattern on the face . Looks ok indoors or in the shade , however in the bright Florida sun , the dial can often become so reflective that you cant read the time.Overall , for the money , this seems to be a decent `` every day '' watch . Better than a lot of store bought watches , but not as nice as I had hoped -LRB- from all the reviews I read -RRB- . Hope this helps you in a decision ... JPS
 Perfect , I have a 24Volt system for my EM160 and this charges them very quickly , glad I went with the onboard Charger and also the alternator charger . I always have power for my trolling motors . Also bought the Minnkota power port and the whole system rocks .
 I purchased this mask a few years ago to use while diving in the waters off of Dominica , in the southeast Caribbean . There is nothing especially noteworthy about the mask part -- the materials , fit , and performance meet current standards.The obvious difference comes with the earcups . As someone who occasionally has difficulty equalizing , and also sometimes finds it difficult to get the water out of my ears , I was very intrigued by this product . I am glad to report that it performs as advertised.It 's slightly awkward to get the mask and earcups all properly adjusted and situated , but I found that the earcups stayed in place and kept water out . Having air against my eardrums instead of water seemed to make it easier to equalize . Very important note
 After wishing to dive for years , I finally got my chance -- only to find out that I had developed chronic outer ear infections . Any water in the ear caused them.I was going to have to give up diving until this product came out . I got it , and it as saved my ablity to dive . I have NEVER had problems with equalizing once I got this product . I have had no waters in my ears . And , best of all -- I have never had an ear infection because of diving since I got this product 5 years ago.I would highly recommend this product to anyone .
 I just came back from a 500 mile trip on which I transported two bikes -LRB- a man and a woman 's Cannondale hybrid -RRB- using this rack without any problems , even when driving through severe thunderstorms with high wind and driving rain.The rack is well made , easy to install and remove on just about any trunk , has good padding to protect the trunk -LRB- no marks were left -RRB- , and holds the bikes nice and secure with the included rubber straps -LRB- though on any bike rack I also always use a few bungee cords of my own -RRB- . I bought a three bike rack even though I normally transport only two bikes because I like the extra room , and the larger rack was only about another twenty dollars . Therefore , I ca n't comment on using this for three bikes.While driving I did not hear any `` buzzing '' or `` vibrating '' sound from the rack at all . Also , I secured all of the extra lengths of strap so that they did not flap around.Before you decide to buy a trunk rack rather than install a hitch , keep some things in mind -LRB- I personally prefer a rack that attaches to a hitch , but on the particular car that I was taking on the trip , attaching a hitch was not an option -RRB- :1 . While a trunk rack generally costs less than the cost of a hitch and a separate rack , once the trunk rack is installed you can not easily access the contents of your trunk . That means if you go on a trip , you need to pack the trunk before you attach the rack and put on your bikes , and when you arrive at your destination , you need to remove your bikes and the rack to unpack your luggage . At the end of a long trip when I am using a rack with a hitch , I often leave my bikes on the rack until the next day and just deal with my luggage upon arrival . That is not an option with a trunk rack . Likewise , if you want to get something out of your trunk or put something in during a trip while the trunk rack and bikes are on , that is not an option .2 . Depending on the make and model of your car and how the trunk rack sits on the trunk , you have to be careful not to scratch the trunk with the bikes ' pedals , and may need to wrap them with socks or some other protection . With a hitch , the bikes are nowhere near the trunk , so that is not an issue .3 . Installing and removing a trunk rack is fairly simple and requires no tools . Removing and installing a hitch rack requires more effort and usually requires a wrench , and sometimes a rubber mallet when the rack gets `` stuck '' in the hitch.Bottom line
 I used to have a Bell 2-bike rack that I purchased from Wal-mart , and that was a big mistake . I was always afraid to have more than one bike on at a time , since they tended to bang together as I 'd drive . I 'm also rather positive that it was the cause of a bent chain ring on one of the bikes . It also held the bikes much too close to the car , and lead to quite a few scratches on my trunk and bumper cover.This bike rack has none of those problems . It is solid as a rock on the trunk of my car , and it provides plenty of clearance from the car itself . The bikes are held apart by a nice amount of room , and I have no problem putting a mountain , hybrid , and road bike on the same rack . My only complaints are that installation takes a while -LRB- which is no different from any other trunk rack that I 've used -RRB- , and it 's a little difficult to get some bikes on . It can be tough to get the bike frame around the stabilizer -LRB- the chunk of hard plastic that hangs below some of the rubber mounts -RRB- . However once the bikes are on , it 's smooth sailing.Customer support is amazing as well . I had an incident the first time that I used the rack which involved one of the stabilizers breaking -LRB- my own fault -RRB- , and when I called to order a new part , they sent me a new arm free of charge . It was at my door within a week.I am extremely happy with my purchase . Although you may be tempted to buy a much cheaper rack , you 'll certainly save money in the long run by purchasing this instead .
 This rack is one of very few that is compatible with the 2010 Prius . It even folds up nicely into the Prius hatch . It 's well made with large pads and secure attachments for the bikes . We 've been using it regularly for 6 months with 3 bikes and have seen no issues -LRB- a tight fit , but once you figure out the correct arrangement it 's easy -RRB- . The only part that 's a bit weird is the clip arrangement for attaching the rack to the hatch . Only 2 clips hold all the weight at the top of the hatch , and that does n't feel as safe as I 'd like . The bottom clips always fall out no matter how much we tighten them so we do n't use them , and the side clips dig into the tail light covers.Still , a good purchase for us as the other alternative was spending way too much on a tail hitch .
 The rack is great for bikes and fits my SUV . I purchased a new rack but it came with paint missing where the bike arms fold to different angles , as would happen from a lot of wear . The locking pins did not hold the bars because the bolts where very loose and the bikes fell the first time I drove with the rack . I would not trust this dealer for new items .
 The Saris Guardian bike rack works well with numerous types of vehicles . Saris makes a good product . Bikes remain secure while on the rack , however , first one ordered was damaged . Amazon promptly exchanged it no questions asked . Amazon knows how to take care of consumers . Thanks again Amazon !
 I have a taurus .38 special and it fit . i did modify it a bit after i recieved it . i cut some of the velcro off which enabled me to be able to pull the gun out with one hand . i also had someone stitch another line of thread to have the gun sit up higher in the holster . i have a 2 '' barrel and it would stick out 1/4 '' . however for the price this works well . i also have small legs and the velcro strap fits tight around my ankle .
 Great holster for the price.A wide band of elastic with Velcro holds the holster tightly in place even on my skinny legs.Carries my Charter Arms .44 Bulldog with bobbed hammer all day with no problems.The weapon is retained by another strap of Velcro which is long enough to wrap around the hammer or trigger guard.You really ca n't beat this thing for 16 bucks .
 I bought this without previously trying one before . It fit great , the service was quick and the product is very nice .
 This fits my EAA Windicator nicely . The velcro is very tight and the fabric is very comfortable . I would recommend this for any 2 inch barreled .38 specials .
 I bought this holster for my Chiappa Rhino 200ds knowing that it would not be an exact fit . Luckily , the way it 's made allowed me to modify it pretty easily by removing a couple stitches and widening it a bit . The unfortunate thing is that the velcro strap that holds the gun in place is a little short , at least on my gun -LRB- and I would assume a few other models as well -RRB- and only reaches just enough to work . I notice that it 's a little too padded for my taste adding a good bit of width to it . Padding definitely makes it more comfortable , but might take away from the point of the position . The strap that goes around the leg is very stretchy and works pretty well keeping it in place , but it 's not very comfortable after a couple hours , so wear socks under it.The only real problem I found is that when a gun is in place , the grip tends to stick out pretty noticably . This is very easily remedied by sewing the trigger corner of the holster down to the leg wrap . It will dramatically reduce how much it sticks out and make this a cheap , viable option for ankle carrying.TL ; DR
 Bought this for my Dad , as I have come to love having my revolver in an ankle holster . He uses it for his .38 Special . There 's nothing fancy here , which is why the price is low . But that does n't mean that it 's &#34; cheap &#34; either . It is just a good product at a good price.Recommended for anyone looking . Also , my Dad is 5 ' 6 &#34; , I am 6 ' 2 &#34; and this fits both of us equally well . Did n't try it on my 8 year old , but I 'm sure it would fit , it 's quite adjustable .
 Item was just as described . Very nice fit ... does not slip down your leg and also securely holds your weapon . I would definitely buy this again . Perfect
 I needed a case that would hold everything together and would protect my bow . I do n't do too much travelling with it so I do n't know yet , how it will hold up to the baggage people . It does its job like any bow case although it was a little more flimsy than I expected . I expected a little more foam on the inside , right behind the arrows . Other than that , everything fits perfectly with room to spare for all the accessories -LRB- broadheads , wax , wrenches etc -RRB- . Seems to be doing its job , no problems yet !
 This bow case is just what I was looking for . I have a Bear Instinct and it fits just like a glove .
 good bow case for the money , holds and protects the bow ; nice and compact to fit in the back seat of the truck/car . Only down side is that it is a little flimsy .
 Simple , functional design with all the necessary features makes this case a great value . Provides secure protection for your bow , arrow and misc .
 I got this for my grandson for his birthday , it fit his new bow great , got bow for his birthday also . He was the happiest kid in town
 Case worked great for my husband bear legion bow . Perfect fit . The extra space for the arrows is great and the case is able to take a beating . Great case of the price
 It fits the Mission Craze bow nicely and appears to be adequately sturdy . The price was reasonable as well . Thank you .
 This product is light in weight and good for smaller non parralel limb bows . I have a Mathews Reezen and it was too small . Amazon has a great return policy and traded for Plano Max XT .
 My Bear attack fit fine but not with the quiver attached . After some major mods to the quiver I finally got the contact removed from the fletchings ,
 This is the third Plano Compact Bow Case our family has purchased . We like the quality and the size . My children participate in 4H Shooting Sports , and we needed a case that was easy for them to carry to their competitions . Standard size cases were quite heavy and bulky . The compact case is much easier to carry . The product was delivered a day earlier than expected ; I was very pleased with the fast service .
 I bought this case for my Son-in-law for Christmas and it was not big enough for his compound bow . We did return the product locally and had no issues in doing so . The case was very sturdy and well built with plenty of room for accessories .
 This is a nice trainer but it 's noisier than expected . It 's also not that convenient to put a bike in and take it out but if you can leave it up somewhere and not switch bikes very often it will work well . Overall we are pleased with it .
 I am very pleased with this resistance trainer as it has allowed me to continue my pedaling inside that I had done all summer . Easy to setup and works very well to this point . Just getting accustomed to riding indoors as opposed to outdoors .
 I am quite pleased with this bike trainer , but there are some drawbacks . At first , I was bothered by the loud noise it made when I tried to watch TV with it . However , I later changed the tires on my bike to much smoother tires without treads which made the bike trainer/bike much quieter . One other thing that slightly irritated me was the fact that the bike trainer does not have adjustable settings like some other bike trainers have to make it easier or more difficult to pedal against . Nevertheless , I still think this is a great product because of the great price and the ease with which the bike trainer can be initially setup .
 I was looking for an inexpensive trainer cause I 'm kind of a get the job done kind of guy . I did n't want one of the cheaper models that was noisy . That just would n't do . At the last minute , I saw this trainer and liked the positive reviews so I decided to give it a shot . The trainer came pre-assembled . All I had to do was take it out of the box , stand it up , and insert the handle on the part that the wheel sits on . I had my bike setup and running on this in literally five minutes . I positioned the trainer about six feet from the TV and pedaled away . I did not have to adjust the sound of the TV at all to be able to hear it clearly . Over all , this trainer has left me with a very good first impression .
 This was a present for my boyfriend . He seems to like it . It arrived in a very reasonable time . It seems to be very sturdy and easy to operate .
 I purchased this rod holder on a suggestion from another biker for use as a flag pole holder and gambled that it would work and it did just that ! The chrome finish and design and versatility is just perfect . The price is just right CHEAP . A CHEAP INEXPENSIVE FLAG POLE HOLDER ! Great for parades and the like . Who needs to pay hundreds of dollars to a bike shop or fabricator when there is something like this out there to do the trick . I love it and highly recommend it to anyone who owns a Harley Davidson or even a metric bike who wants sport a full size flag and does not want the expense that goes along with it . FYI I probably waited may be 5 days for delivery at best weekend included . Ordered on Friday night it was here Tuesday morning and installed with an Allan wrench Tuesday night in 30 minutes . It took that long only because I could not decide where to place them .
 Purchased this about a year ago . Has not rusted yet . Works fine for trolling or just watching a few bobbers .
 I was disappointed the product received did n't match the photo here ; there was no flange on the top as indicated in the photo . The other drawback was the fact the holder was ` closed ' at the bottom ; I intended to use this as a net holder and wanted the handle to pass all the way through.Those things said ... the vendor was very responsive to my request for return and full credit . Then , having had the weekend to consider , I was able to cut out the bottom of the liner sleeve , thus allowing the net handle to pass through as desired!I have n't had the boat on the water yet , but expect this unit to perform just fine .
 Second one I have purchased . Use it for my Taurus Millienum Pro PT 145 . Easy to holster and draw . Belt clip is very tight and secure .
 Waited a while before I did a review of this product . Wanted to be sure it was as good as everyone has told me . I have to agree with everyone it is a fantastic rack . I have had a few racks over the years and this is by far the best one I have owned . Love it .
 This rack is easy to mount and dismount , and it does n't put too much stress on the bike or the car . I 'm using it on a 2-door 2008 Yaris . Whether I have one bike or two on it , it feels secure . The rack has a top leg that rests against the car 's back window , but the weight of the rack and bikes is on the bumper . Bikes attach with one strap on the seat post and two straps on the top tube . I use the long ends of the rack 's straps to secure the front tire of the bike nearest the car , but you might want a bungee cord for that . For cross-country trips , I would want to get an extra-long cable so I could lock the rack and bikes to the roof rack or something .
 This bike rack could not be any easier to use . The simple design fits my SUV perfectly . Very happy with this product .
 This is truly a fantastic bike rack.I have an Infiniti FX 35 , which technically can not accept a rack of this type . However , after reading through some online Infiniti forums I decided to give it a try.The rack was simple to assemble and mount , looks great , and holds our two Cannondale Quick 6 bicycles perfectly . It feels very stable and the bikes come on and off in seconds.Most importantly , I am not what one would call mechanically gifted , yet find it so simple to install and breakdown this rack . On the first try it took about fifteen minutes ; now it literally takes under two minutes for installation and removal . It is also very stylish looking . Highly recommended !
 I think the bike rack is great overall . Very well made and easy to install . The only gripe I have is the feet against the paint . I need to wrap the feet with cloth or something to soften it against the paint . Someone mentioned wrapping in with electrical tape . Luckily it 's an old car so I do n't care but if it was new I 'd really care . Other than that it works well with two bikes .
 This is a great universal roadbike . So far it has worked on every vehicle i have used it on!Honda accord ... checknissan sentra ... checkmazda hatchback ... checkmercedes suv ... checkthere were a few more as well , but the point is that it works and it works well.My wife and i have road bikes , and they are perfect . My friends are always commenting on how much they like that it can adjust so freely and it has latches for the top as well as for the side so that it does not swing back and forth so much.I would suggest getting some bunjie cables to keep the front tires from moving around.I did have some trouble getting a couple different mountain bikes on . One was a female bike , but it was very awkward.i like that it is very simple to setup and tear down . IT takes me about 5 minutes to set it up and it is always secure . Nothing has broken yet and it is in great condition still.If you are looking for a good bike rack , this is perfect . you will be able to set it up however way you want to whatever car . I have not heard any humming noises coming from it like you get with some of them.At some points , the straps are longer , but it is easy to tie them up and get it out of the way . I have NEVER had to worry about the bike not being secure.the only reason for the 4 star rating is because it does not work with all bikes . Like i said , with my roadbikes , it is very easy , but some mountain bikes could be awkward and may not fit . -------------- EDIT2 years later and this thing is still going strong . I have not found any damages to it , but the only thing i am worried about are the nylon straps getting dry rotted . I can notice it being dry , but not even close to losing its functionality
 Solid product . I have a VW Rabbit , and it fits perfect and the bike does not move around at all . The stabilizing strap that holds the seatpost tube , is a great add on and you do n't have to worry about the bike hitting the rear end of the car . I love that it has a lifetime warranty and that it is made out of recycled materials . The only downside that I find with this rack -LRB- and this includes all trunk rack models -RRB- is that you can not open the rear hatch . I will probably end up getting a roof rack eventually due to this problem , but this is a super cheap -LRB- low cost -RRB- , well made rack that will work until I can afford to purchase a roof rack .
 This really is a great bike rack . It is very steady . I am very happy I bought it . The hooks are labeled so you know which go on top , side and bottom . Another thing I noticed was that the ridges that grip the straps have several rows . I had ordered a cheaper rack , which was too wide for my bike and it only had a row of ridges so the straps would loosen.I will say I really wish that the strap to secure the bike right below the arm was longer . Because I have a comfort bike I have to use an extension beam , which allows you to only get so close to the strap . I fixed that with bungee cords . To deter theft what could be done is to run the longer of the straps from each side through the trunk . Overall a great purchase . It comes with 2 ` arm ' and 2 ` leg ' labels for quick future setup . It 's not a big deal , but it should come with 3 arm stickers.ProsVery steady and secureQuick setupGreat designConsLower strap to secure bike is n't long enoughDoes not secure to car in regards to theft
 After searching high and low for a bike rack that I could use with my VW Bug , I ran into this one . With its stellar reviews , and buying from a Madison WI company , I decided to go for it.I 'm so glad I did ! I threw it on my car a couple of times to try it out and make sure that it worked , but it 's first real test was driving 300 miles from Wisconsin to Utah . The trip went off without a hitch . I did end up taking off the front tire so that the handlebars would n't shake , then bungeed the back tire to the frame so that would n't spin . But over my 3 day trip I did n't even need to tighten the straps.True it is a bit annoying that you ca n't lock your bike or even the rack to your car , but for something this convenient , I 'll take it . I 've thrown it on a couple of my friends ' cars out here -LRB- a Pontiac G6 and a Toyota 4Runner -RRB- and am so happy that it works on almost anything . Thanks Saris !! I highly recommend this bike rack .
 I could not find a bike rack from either Yakima or Thule that would attach to my two cars . So , it was with a great deal of trepidation that I ordered the Saris sight unseen . The mounting instructions were easy to understand and the rack attachs firmly to either of my two cars . Being the lazy sort , I store it in the mounting position for one of them . When I need to use it , I simply position the straps and snug them up . The straps are well made and protect the attachment points.Movement of the front wheel is minimal , but a bungee cord securing it might be advisable for long or bumpy trips.The practical and minimalist design of this rack is outstanding . I will tell anyone who seeks my advice on a bike rack to check out Saris before looking at any of the competition .
 The Saris Bones 805 2-bike trunk mount rack stylishly mounts on a cars trunk , securely holding two bikes . Made of curved adjustable plastic arms and legs , this rack will mount over most spoilers and holds each bike at slightly different levels . When not in use , the rack will fold up into a compact block.To secure the rack to the auto 's trunk , position the arms and legs , and place the largest clip hooked around the top of the trunk . The medium sized clips hook along the sides and the smallest clips hook on the bottom of the trunk . Once in place tighten the straps to secure.Now the rack is ready for the bikes . Each bike is secured to the rack with three quick fasten ratcheting straps . One strap wraps around the seat tube while the other two secure the top tube . The next bike goes on in the opposite direction with the same fastening straps in reverse . Women 's bikes may require a crossbar adapter for proper fastening.This sturdy bike rack is easy to use , stylish , and functional . Saris is so confident in the quality of this system , that they provide a lifetime warranty.PROS : Simple to install and removeDesigned for all weather useLifetime warrantyCONS : Front tire is permitted limited movementDoes not secure to the auto in a way that can deter theft
 I did a lot of looking before purchasing this rack . I ended up buying it at a local bike shop because I wanted to see it first . I have a Honda Accord coupe - 2 door - and the fit is just right for the car . We also have a van and the abiltiy to work on both is very handy . Setup is easy and the bikes are held firmly . I had used another rack previously that was loaned by a friend . It was very unstable compared to the Saris Bones ...
 I have had a few different racks in the same price range . This is by far the BEST rack I have ever bought . The first time I used it , I traveled 600 miles - the bike did n't move . It 's not hard to set up and really grips the bike - I highly recommend it .
 I did a lot of research and agonizing over which rack to get . I 've been very happy with this . I was a little nervous at first because of my brand new bike ` hanging out ' in the open with concrete flying by at 60 miles per hour , but my anxiety has been relieved . I even called Saris after I got it to make sure I had it on correctly and had the right adjustments . I own a 2000 Honda Civic 4 door sedan and this fits just fine . When I first put it on , I had it strapped so tight that the top leg kept sliding up the trunk and then on to the back window as I was tightening the straps . After speaking to a Saris representative , I realized I had it on too tight . Once you get it on where the straps are n't loose , put your bike on and then re-check your straps . There will still be a some ` give ' when you push down on the middle of the strap , but gently push the entire rack back and forth . If it does n't slide and your entire car is moving , you can be certain that it 's on tight enough . I was also nervous about it sitting on my back bumper because it 's just plastic , but it has been just fine . The rack weighs all of 10 pounds and one bike is only about 35 pounds . When you consider the weight distribution between the 3 legs , it really is n't that heavy at all . A suggestion that was offered by Saris was to keep a small bottle of Windex and a clean towel in the trunk . Whenever you put the rack on , just spray the areas on your trunk and bumper where the feet rest and make sure there is n't any debris on the rubber feet and you wo n't have any scratches . Great suggestion and works like a charm . I take my rack off after each use and have n't had any problems with my paint . Once you get the arms in the right position , there are little stickers you can use on the tube itself to help you find the correct alignment the next time . I 've gotten used to just leaving the legs locked in their correct positions and then throwing it in the trunk . I also keep a ripped T-shirt that I use to tie my front wheel to the frame of my bike . Otherwise , your front wheel might bang around and hit the bumper . Perhaps that would n't cause any problems , but I at least feel better . I 've not had 2 bikes on the rack , so I ca n't say how that would work . There is a sway strap that wraps around the frame under your seat that works great as well . I forgot to strap it once and noticed my bike moving in the rear view mirror . After attaching the strap , I had no problems . One other observation ... I 've read comments from people who complained that the screws are made of plastic and that the holes were eventually stripped . I could see how that would be a problem for those who over tighten the screws to compensate for their fear the rack is going to collapse . The fix is to simply not over tighten them . I use just 2 fingers to tighten the screw until it firmly stops . I could probably put another couple of turns into the screw if I used my entire arm , but then I would eventually be one of those complaining about the ` cheap screws ' . Replacing them with metal screws would allow you to over tighten them and perhaps even damage the aluminum tube . Perhaps that is the reason Saris made them with plastic . At any rate , I have been very happy with the rack and would highly recommend it .
 It 's surprising how easy it is to strap this onto my Prius and pull it back off . It only takes about 2-3 minutes to put it into place , and the same again to put two bikes on it . It took a bit of getting used to how the tie straps work , but once I did , it 's quick and easy . The rack is also very light . But the bikes stay very firmly in place . We drove four hours with these over both small state roads and interstate highways , and the bikes barely wobbled , we never feared them sliding or falling off .
 I have one and use it . Overall , I can only say it is beautiful , like they say . That is not really what I want , though . I want easy and functional . It is also both . It is solid and sturdy . The reason I do n't give it 5 stars is , the screws that you use to turn and secure the main mounts are made of a kind of plastic . The result for me has been that one of them has already lost its threading -LRB- after three uses -RRB- , and when I turn it , it just rotates , but does n't connect and secure the mount as well as I would like . I would have expected a bit more from a bike rack that cost me over $ 100 . It would have cost the company probably an extra $ 1 or less to make those screws some kind of metal . Thus , I give it four stars .
 After extensive research of reviews , I purchased a Saris Bones 2 for our car . The Saris rack is versatile and well-designed . It even has stickers where you can record your optimal angle -LRB- of the rack -RRB- so you can have a quick setup in future uses.It can be hard to get the bikes on and the bike-securing straps are hard to pull , but you get used to it . I called to ask for a longer stabilizer strap which they are sending for free . Their customer service is top notch .
 I love this rack . Have used it for over a month with no problems and no worry . Just took a 400 miles trip -LRB- freeway and city -RRB- and the bikes did great . I love how the Saris holds the bike will away from the trunk and the bumper . No more bumper scratches . I found when placing 2 bikes on the rack it helps to have another person lift the bikes and the other person retighten the straps to take out the slack , if you do n't do this the top leg will not sit firmly on the trunk . I love this rack . . I literally do n't think about the bikes ... I just know they are well supported and safe .
 This is a beautifully designed product . I 'm using it to haul one road bike on the turnk of my Miata . All the other manufacturers said I 'd have to install a trailer hitch to haul bikes on a Miata . This works great , leaves no marks , folds up nice and easy to store in my trunk while riding .
 It 's a great thing when you see a product you like in a store but you can find it on Amazon for much less ! The seller offered free shipping and the delivery took MUCH less time then expected . The package was in great condition and everything was there . I have used my Bones several times and it 's great . Thanks !
 I never thought I 'd find a bike rack for my MX-5 . A bike rack ? For a two-seater convertible sportscar ? Then I saw this on someone else 's older Miata , a car even smaller than mine , and had to have it.It goes on easy , snugs up tight , and the physics of the thing are just remarkable . I think the curves are what make it unshakable , even when I 'm going ... ahem ... let 's just say over the speed limit on the interstate.Could not recommend this more highly .
 This rack is easy to put on , fits in the trunk perfectly when I 'm not using it , it 's sturdy and putting the bikes on and fastening them is very quick.Great product , I 'm happy I bought it .
 The Saris bike rack worked out great . I had borrowed a three bike Saris rack from a friend and decided to get one for myself . I only needed a rack to carry two bikes so thats what I ordered . When it arrived I was taken aback by the fact it was n't quite like my friends although it looked exactly like it in the online picture . It only had one upper arm rather then two like my friends . Over wise it was identical . I almost sent it back but decided to try it out instead . Glad I did because my concerns about stability with just one upper arm was quickly dispelled . Great rack , rock solid .
 This is a great product . I researched bike racks for a long time before buying it as I was not convinced that a trunk mounted rack would not be stable enough.However the Saris Bones dispels all reservations . It takes a little time to set up correctly but after initial set up and marking the position of the arms , re-attaching takes only a few minutes . I have only used it for one bike so far but two bikes would pose no problem . The rack is very stable and does not move if the straps are adjusted correctly.One minor issue on my vehicle is that the gaps around the trunk are very narrow and it is a little tricky to insert the clips -LRB- the benefit of this is that they are unlikely to come adrift -RRB- but I believe alternative straps are available to address this issue.Overall , a fantastic product and it even looks good .
 I got this bike rack for hubby for Christmas . He has affectionately termed it `` The Robot '' and absolutely loves it to pieces . I asked him to give me a review for the site , so he wrote this handy Pro/Con list.Pros : Super lightweightFast to put on the car -LRB- ~ 10 min to assemble , install and mount bike -RRB- Easily comes apart for compact storage in the carCons : Does not shoot missilesIn all honesty though , it does have one con . The metal buckles are a bit harsh and would probably scratch our car , but based on other reviews we were prepared for this and put old socks underneath the buckles.This bike rack was a great buy !
 This is a good bike rack for all cars that have spoilers it fits all and fits very snug . I was very cautious when buying a bike rack for my mustang but this is perfect it collapses easily and very easy to set up on your car , would definatly recommend this for cars with spoilers .
 While the good news is that it works on a 2008 BMW 328i Coupe , it 's a pain to setup and remove every time you want to use it . I 'd rather not leave it on my car 24x7 so that is the only down side to using this device -- not an issue with the device itself . It holds my Trek bike perfectly fine and is surprisingly sturdy.Overall the product itself is great , just pain to use if you want to use it frequently .
 Well worth the extra money over simpler models . No scratches on the car . Stable , easy to set up . Should have bought this a long time ago .
 PROS : Takes 5 minutes to install or removeFine in all weatherLooks coolSturdyCONS : Front tire is permitted limited movement -LRB- using a $ 2 bungee cord to secure it works well -RRB- No way to secure the bike or carrier with a lock for security
 This is a wonderful product . It held our two Beach Cruisers on a 2000 mile drive this summer . Both the bikes and the car sustained no damage.I will say , I was overwhelmed with the idea of using this and worried while putting it on the car initially . After that long car trip , I have full confidence in this product.Do make sure to look at the clips and use the correct ones for each area -LRB- upper , side and lower -RRB- . Also make sure to tighten well . We used on our Kia Sorento -LRB- SUV -RRB- and it fit perfectly . We also have girls bikes , and made it work by attaching bikes at an angle . No problems at all.This is a well designed product , friends of mine have serious scratches on their cars from using other bike racks . I am so happy I chose the Saris Bones !
 The Bones 8095 is a credible rack . There are no adjustment settings or application charts to tell you how to install the rack . The car fit charts are minimal . It held a girls mountain bike tightly on four 250 mile highway trips with my 2001 Honda Accord 4 door . The mounting clips work very well although the straps seem thin . The cam buckles work very well .
 I love this thing ! I was able to set it up in 15-20 minutes without much more than glancing at the instructions , and on its maiden voyage did exceptionally well even at highway speeds . I needed to re-tighten the straps once I had a 30lb mountain on the carrier . I could n't be more pleased with the product it seems to be simple yet very strong and well built not to mention it has to be the most flexible unit on the market since I would guess it fits more vehicles than anything else out there .
 I ordered a different bike rack prior to this one and was very disappointed . I returned that one thanks to Amazon 's incredible return policy and picked up this one . This bike rack is perfect . Built to last and I felt extremely comfortable putting my bicycle on this rack . Bike did n't move an inch . Great product !!!
 Used this rack on a thousand mile trip and the bikes did n't budge . I did use a few bungies to secure the pedals and handlebars but it was not necessary . It left a very faint smudge where the top arm rode but you 'd have to really look to see it . Highly recommended if you need a trunk rack like I do .
 Bought a new car -LRB- buick lucerne -RRB- and wanted a good bike rack to carry two bikes . Saw this rack in the bike store where I purchased my bikes . Liked the fact that it is american made and has a life time warranty.Found it cheaper on amazon and liked the free shipping . It took a little fooling around with it the first time to get it mouted to the car , but once you get it set up it 's not hard to get on and off . I have only had one bike on the rack so far . I am a little worried about the weight of two bikes on the bumper of the car . The bumper seems like it is covered with plastic and has some movement in it when you set the two legs down . I 'm hoping there is some metal under the plastic cover on the bumper .
 I 've only used the bike rack once but it worked just fine . Easy to mount and steady on a long drive .
 After a few months of use I have upgraded the rating to 4 stars . The stiff silly-looking plastic straps work well and rapidly . It is very quick to collapse the arms when the bike is not on , and it is relatively easy to take the whole thing on and off the car -LRB- 5 min -RRB- . The straps are not abrading the paint on my car like my last rack did . It looks a little wild but works well . There is NO NEED to tighten the screws more than very lightly . It would be 5 stars but my wife 's bike will really not fit on this - check before you order.This rack fits well on my small VW wagon . The lift gate works with the rack in place - very good . Without bikes on it is is as good as everyone says it is
 The instructions are n't the greatest , but once I got it set up , it 's easy as can be and works great !
 The quality is great ; it quickly & easily installs onto both my car and my girlfriend 's car -LRB- both are small cars
 Excellent rack . If you do n't have to transport 3 bikes , you should get the Saris 2 , it 's significantly smaller . Would have given it 5 stars , but Saris needs to figure out a way to not pull your straps through the middle part on initial set-up . They are not easy to get back in without something to long to push them through .
 I love this unit . Easy to use once it is fitted to my vehicle and I like the non-metal construction to minimize damage to my bicycle .
 The 805 is easy to put on car and easy to put bikes on . Did not handle girl 's bike frame well so purchased a bar that connects from seat to handle bar stem . This solved all problems for the girl 's bike . Wish I had purchased the 3 bike model . It has 2 upper legs and 2 lower legs . I think this would have been a more stable model . The 805 straps tightly to the car but the bike support arms have considerable wobble in them and can not be made tighter . I do like the ease with which it attaches to the car .
 Adjusting and setting up the bike rack to fit my Mazda Miata was better than expected and the instructions were easy to follow . The rack is durable and looks good as well . I am going to have to purchase the additional item so that the wheels do n't hit the back of the car etc. . . It would be beneficial to have integrated into the product a way to lock the rack so that there is some protection for the buyer .
 I bought the Bones 2 because of the great reviews and now I know why ! It 's easy to set up , looks great and functions well . I recommend it , but make sure it will work with your vehicle first .
 Since I drive a hatchback -LRB- '04 Pontiac Vibe -RRB- with room for a couple of bikes in the back , I do n't have a ton of experience with bike racks . I recently moved 300 miles to another state , and I needed that space for boxes of stuff . I considered buying a roof-mount system , but the minimal amount of use did n't justify the rather high buy-in price for such systems . A relative loaned me a used -LRB- not sure what brand/model -RRB- rear-mount rack , but I was pretty apprehensive about the low quality and instability of the loaner rack . I picked the Saris for its blend of affordability and stability , and I was not disappointed . It weathered 260 + miles of interstate and a good chunk of bumpy city roads without any problems . I loaded a heavier , steel-framed Surly Cross Check nearest the vehicle and a lighter , aluminum & carbon Trek road bike on the outside .
 This is a very good rack once you get it set up . It takes a good 30-45 minutes to set up this rack initially . Once you 've done it the first time , subsequent installation will only take 5-10 minutes . This rack does n't come with anything , all accessories have to be purchased separately ; for such an expensive rack , I thought it would have been nice for them to include some extra Velcro straps to tie down your fork or something.The rack itself is very sturdy and I feel my bike is always secured . The rubber feet left no marks on my trunk lid or bumper . I only wish there was a way to lock the bike and rack together .
 This bike rack is by far the best you can purchase for the money . Very easy to mount and holds bikes secure .
 This is my first bike rack , so I have nothing to compare to . It took two other people and me about twenty minutes to figure out how to get it on the car , but now that I have it adjusted to where I need it , I only have to adjust the straps to take it on and off . I have a '99 Ford Escort sedan with spoiler and the legs that rest on the bumper are firm , which is what matters most , but the rear leg that rests on the trunk is not , due to the angle of my car , I guess - if I adjust it to where the rear leg on the trunk is flat on it and ca n't slip , then the two bumper legs slip off . So I have to make sure the straps are super tight to feel that my bike is secure . I 've only driven about 20 miles with this rack so far , and only gone up to 40 mph , but I 've had crazy hills up and down , slammed on brakes , bad bumps , and all is well . The instructons say do not use over 65 mph , which sort of scares me . But I guess if I ever take it on the highway I 'll just watch my speed . One thing I do n't like is that it 'd be the easiest thing in the world for someone to just unstrap it and take it off my car , so I keep it in the trunk when I 'm not using it .
 Works well - I have one bike . I did not give it 5 stars because eventually , there is some `` slippage '' that reduces the secure fit . Not sure how to fix this .
 I bought mine in the 90 's . Used it extensively . Have put two bikes on and it holds well . After all these years , no complaints.I like the recommended review . I voted for it.I want to add . On the pros : Simple to install and remove
 The rack is very lightweight and easy to adjust by one person . Despite being largely made of plastic and aluminum , the rack seems quite sturdy when deployed and stayed put with two medium-weight comfort bikes during spirited driving through some semi-dirt roads . The strap hooks have location info etched into them so you wo n't use the wrong strap in the wrong place . The only cons are that the strap buckles are exposed metal which can scratch your car if it happens to come in contact with paint -LRB- like a spoiler -RRB- and the arms that hold the bikes are pretty thick which may hinder your ability to mount certain bikes depending on the geometry .
 I tried to save a few bucks and bought an cheaper rack for around $ 60 at The Sports Authority and it was a disaster . The fit was awful and the strap that holds the bike in broke the first day I had it . I returned the rack to the store and went online to find `` a good one . '' Everyone was saying good things about the Saris Bones racks so I went on Amazon -LRB- since I am a Prime Member -RRB- and ordered one . It is the best bike rack I have ever owned ! The fit is incredible , I can even open the trunk lid on my Infinity G37X with the rack on ! Very cool . Being able to adjust the two `` arms '' that hold the bike ensures that you can make any type of bike fit without hanging it at an awkward angle . The design is cool too , it actually looks good on the car which is very unusual for a bike rack . The rubber feet are nice and big , the straps , buckle and hooks are perfect - everything was apparently thought through by the designers of this rack . Good work ! Also , I spent the few bucks for the strap that keeps your front wheel from flapping back and forth and hitting your car - 7 bucks for a pair of them , well worth the $ $ $ . Happy shopping ! FM .
 I have had several trunk mount racks before . This is hands down the most stable and well-built rack I have seen .
 this is my first bicycle rack . i researched a bunch and decided to try this one . seems like there was a lot of thought in designing this rack . it took about 20mins to install for the first time and only 10mins after that . i think it should last a long time . holds my 2 cannondale bikes very securely and i would feel comfortable on long trips . we have it installed on an '06 subaru outback . i would recommend this product .
 This is an excellent product to carry your bike around.I need to carry 4 bikes , but my van can take 4 marginally , getting mess from time to time . With this rack , I carry two bikes inside , and two bikes outside.IMPORTANT
 I BOUGHT THIS BIKE RACK AND I HAVE TO SAY IT IS JUST GREAT . IT SERVES THE PURPOSE , IT 'S EASY , CONVENIENT , AND NOT COMPLICATED AT ALL !! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT . I LIKE IT A LOT !!
 We love our Bones 2 ! We know our bikes are secure every time we travel with them .
 I have tried a number of these racks and this by far is the best one . The quality of the product is very well made , I was plesantly surprised and didnt have to worry about it breaking , even at fast highway speeds . When I opened the box I literally though that it was missing parts and there was no way it could be this easy , and it really was !!! It took me about 20-25 min to assemble . I highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an alternative to not having to have the bike rack installed all the time because its too time consuming to remove and put back .
 This item arrived promptly and we were delighted to discover that it was quite simple to install on our vehicle .
 Fits my Mazda 6 and Toyota MR2 . Folds up small when not in use . Best designed carrier I have ever seen . Very secure and high quality . Excellent choice , just get it !
 works great i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i needs installed just right
 This is a very solid , easy to attach bike carrier . The legs sit very firmly on the car with broad rubber feet that will not scratch . It is easy to adjust the fit and fits my Prius with a spoiler as well as my husband 's sedan or my daughter 's SUV . When not in use , it easily folds up and is easy to hang on the garage wall taking up very little space .
 The Saris Bones is the easiest bike rack to install and use . It hold securely , is lightweight , straps adjust easily . Just be sure to check their web site to ensure it fits your car .
 You read the directions ! The first time you use it you must stop and re tighten the straps after just a couple miles . They stretch out and you will lose your bikes if you do n't . After the adjustment I drove 300 miles without concern . I checked tension at every stop . If I was going to use a rack often , I would get a hitch mount rack to avoid the hassle of the straps . For occasional use , I highly recommended it .
 Finally I found bike rack that fit for my car 1995 Toyota Celica . This mount rack goes over the spoiler . It 's very sturdy to carry my two mountain bikes .
 Was really easy to install , my car in particular though the two legs that hit the back of the trunk totally cover my license plate . Have n't been pulled over yet though ! The straps that hold the bike are not so easy to undo I wish they were more flexible and the the straps on the side dont even come close to working on my bike . I have to use a bungee to keep the bike from swaying on the rack . other then that it serves its purpose quite well .
 We had no problems setting this bike rack up on my Subaru Forester . We did have to reverse the two vertical bars -LRB- that hold the horizontal bike bars -RRB- to allow easier access to the strap buckles used to secure the vertical bike posts . No biggie . We also found that lowering the rack so that the two bottom feet are securely on the bumper eliminated the top foot from bouncing against the trunk window.We have used the rack 3 times so far since we set it up and have had to do nothing more than retighten the straps . This is a far more stable setup than we had previously with a less expensive , two strap rack . The top , bottom , side straps keep the bikes from moving at all and the straps that secure the bike to the rack are easy to use . The only thing we need in addition is a bungee cord to keep the front wheel of the bike from hitting the car . Best of all the bikes do not bounce against each other like they did on our old rack . Very pleased with this rack .
 Following a recommendation from a bike store , I purchased my Saris Bones via Amazon at a considerable saving.I had recently purchased a lovely new German sports sedan to replace my old faithful Subaru Outback . I had he cheap but classic strap-on bike rack on the Scooby , but for the German car I wanted something that would be a bit kinder to the paint.The Bones has big rubber feet , and only one small area of bare metal . The ` bones ' are big chunky plastic items , so I felt that there was less chance of them scratching my car.Once I 'd de-coded the instructions and got the straps balanced reasonably well , it was a piece of piss to strap it to the rear deck . That is apart from the lateral straps , which refused to stay in place . The trunklid tapers toward the rear of the car , an the lateral bracing straps slipped out . I was concerned that this would be a problem , but I figure if keep my turns less than 1.1 g the bike will be fine.Just to be sure I tightened the other straps as much as I could.Getting used to the straps that lock the bike in place , and figuring out a new bungee system is a little challenge . With old cheapo bike rack I had a bungee strapping technique that I was all but ready to patent - highly efficient and fast , the bike was locked in place with precision and firmness , with no chance of whizzing off to one side or dropping off at the first sign of a pothole.As ever , this is a matter of time , trial , and error . I 'll get there in the end.The negative - I ca n't open the trunk without the rubber feet popping under the trunk lid . This makes it impossible to close the trunk without loosening the straps and then tightening them again . It 's not the end of the world , but life 's too short . Consequently I am carrying shopping in the cabin , which I do not like to do.Overall it 's a vast improvement over the old cheap simple bike rack , and no doubt I will figure out the foibles of the bungee cords and rubbery feet .
 I hooked this rack up to the trunk of my 2007 Camry , strapped in a couple bikes , and headed West to Seattle from Chicago . I had absolutely no problem throughout the entire road trip and both bikes arrived safely :-RRB- The rack seemed extremely solid and barely moved even at Montana highway speeds . The outermost bike definitely sways a little more than the inner one , but i think that is just the natural flexing of the support arms . The rack was easy to put on and the bikes stay firmly in place using the built-in straps . The only thing Saris forgot is a way to keep the front wheel/handlebars from swaying . I fixed this using a couple short pieces of rope through the spokes and around the frame.Overall
 Extremely easy to set up , works on both my 2010 Acura TL and 2004 Pontiac Vibe . I wish the space between the bikes was a little bigger , but it is not an issue . I used dog collars to fasten the wheels of both bikes together so they did n't bang around on the expressway . I thought about buying the 3 bike model for the extra room but if you are only hauling 2 bikes this model will be just fine . We ride road bikes and this rack got them to and from our destinations with ease and scratch free . The fastening strips have a nice padded lining that secures the bike so it wo n't mess up the paint . Great product !!!
 I shopped for a bike rack for a while and turns out this is perfect .1 -RRB- I have an adult bike and a kids bike with short tube . This rack can both both perfectly as the width is adjustable .2 -RRB- It has rounded `` feet '' and `` arms '' so it does n't scratch my bikes and car .3 -RRB- It is very reasonable price compared to Thule and Yakima .4 -RRB- Very easy to put on/off the car . The straps hold the rack firmly to my hatchback car .5 -RRB- The hooks have top , low , side markings . So it is very easy to identify them .
 I looked at the Bones carrier largely because it was in every bike showroom I visited , and I figured that must mean something . While choosing a bike I tried out many , and thus visited a lot of bike stores . This carrier was ubiquitous , and it fit my car . I do n't have a trailer hitch . And , I ca n't imagine standing the bike up on the top of the car -- I 'm sure to drive under something low and wreck the bike.I 've not had a bicycle or this carrier long , so I ca n't speak for long term use , but so far this is a truly excellent piece of engineering design . I 'm not talking about aesthetic appearance , which other reviewers often praise , I 'm talking about function . It 's solidly made . The adjustment method is elegant . On my sedan it attaches tightly to my car and holds the bike securely . No parts are made of steel so there 's nothing to rust . It 's an impressive piece of design work . You need to go to their website , and enter your car in the `` Get the Perfect Fit '' box to see if it fits yours.With the arms folded down it fits close to the trunk , extending barely beyond the bumper - see my picture . And , though it says somewhere not to open the trunk with it attached , I do it with little difficulty . The feet tend to keep the trunk from closing without fussing with them just a little.Someone mentioned being difficult to tighten the hold-down straps . I find holding the buckle release open while tugging on the strap works well and is easy to get them tight.The niggles : After you set it up and use it once it 's simple and you wo n't forget , but the instructions that come with it are inadequate and it 's something of a puzzle at first . The chap who says he had it installed and a bike mounted in 5 minutes out of the box is a miracle worker . You can find a setup video for the three bike version on the Saris website . Go to the Bones 3 page and click on the `` Installation Video '' link in the list on the right . The two versions are close enough to the same this helped me a lot , but the gal doing it slurs words occasionally . Oddly , on the Bones 2 page Saris does n't link to this useful video , so you have to stumble on it or learn about it here.Some bikes and some cars require special accessories you buy from Saris . They do n't make this clear in the ads . For example , women 's bikes may need a special bar -LRB- at this writing Amazon carries this bar -RRB- . The bar is explained in the video mentioned above , but who looks for the video before buying the carrier , and other accessories are not in the video . For example , the bike peddle presses against my trunk . In this case they sell a special pad for the peddle to rest on , or you can use something like a piece of rubber to put between peddle and car , or rig something yourself . Right now I 'm using a piece of that rubber-like friction shelf paper held on the peddle with a rubber band.If they happen to fall in an awkward place on the bike , the plastic straps that hold the bike to the carrier can be fussy to get undone . One of mine 's like this , but after a little practice it 's okay.This seems like a lot of negatives but they are all pretty minor and the carrier works great.Edited to add : I 've found one problem with this carrier . Occasionally I use it to carry both my bike and various friends bikes . My bike peddles and those of my friends , until recently , have rubber on the outside so this problem did n't come up . Recently , however , I 've taken a friend with an old fashioned steel bike with metal on the outside of the peddles . The first time my bike was located on the inside -LRB- nearest the car -RRB- . His peddles were resting against my bike and scarred it pretty seriously . It 's only cosmetic but I 'd managed to keep it in mint condition 'til then . So , the next time we went I put his bike on the inside and mine on the outside where his ' greater weight was near the car and it was easier make sure his peddles did n't rest on my bike . This time it made a jagged cut through the paint on my car.So , the message is , if you use this device take great care with the placement of the peddles on both bikes or make sure the outside is rubber and not metal . Sometimes that 's difficult to do , so maybe put a leather sock around the peddles .
 I purchased this rack to go on the back of my '07 G35 . I do like this rack but there are some caveats . I found the fit to be a bit tricky , especially with the lower straps which must go under the trunk lid . On my car I have to open the lid and close it on the lower latches , they wo n't fit in otherwise . Also the side clips had to be mounted fairly low , just above the taillights and again the fit was very tight . The upper clips go on easy , but they have already scratched my paint after just a couple of uses . The instructions say you are not supposed to open the trunk with the rack attached , I think they are worried the clips could break something . I did n't care because I 'm not drivin ' around with the rack on all the time anyway , but you may want to and it will restrict your access to the trunk . Also note the lower `` feet '' have to be mounted on the bumper , not the back of the trunk lid , this also prevents lid movement . Although I had my brother try the Bones on his '07 Maxima and it fit much better . This surprised me as the two cars have a very similar profile , but the gaps in the trunk to body panels are larger on the Nissan than my Infiniti , so the clips went on very easily . Both these cars have the factory rear spoiler , and the Bones fit nicely over it.In use proper tension on the straps is important . I had a tendency to tighten the upper straps too much , perhaps because it 's the easiest to do so , but then I noticed the trunk made noise from the pulling on the straps . Looking closely i could see the upper straps were pulling the lower `` feet '' off the bumper , so the strap was taking the weight instead of the lower arms . The fix is to tighten the lower straps more than the upper straps , this keeps the rack weight on the bumper.I do like the bike hold down straps , the are very secure and reinforced . There are three for each bike , which keeps it secure in all directions . The only issue I had with the straps is they must go over the bike brake and gear control cables . I tried passing them under the cables but that made getting the straps off near impossible because the `` teeth '' in the ratcheting strap get caught in the cables.The most impressive feature of this rack is its adjust-ability . It is east to get the arms in the right position by a simple unlock-side-rotate-slide-lock process . It also allows you to easily lower the arms if you plan to keep the rack on the car when not in use . I found a position a little further from my trunk lid worked better than a closer position . The straps just fit better , and the strap buckles were further from the painted part of the car.Lastly my only other beef with the rack is all that extra strap length you are left over with . Six ends have to be tied back nicely to prevent the straps from loosening and from flapping around . This is what takes more time than anything in putting it on , also to tighten a strap they must be untied and retied . The manual recommends checking and tightening after 30 miles of use.Would I recommend it , yes but it may depend on fit of your vehicle . Oh and my brother is getting one for his car now too .
 I am using this bike rack at least once per week and I have really gained confidence with this bike rack . This is a great product . Set-up is fairly easy . The bikes feel very secure . Sometimes the straps are slightly difficult to unhook but at least I know that it will be difficult for the bikes to come off . The bikes have minimal movement while driving - at first I was concerned as I have n't traveled with bikes before but have since grown comfortable . As long as the straps are tightly fastened there is no need to be worried . I use elastic straps to keep the tires and pedals from moving and to prevent damage to the other bicycle . Truly a great bike rack ... solidly manufactured and a lifetime warranty to back it up .
 It took an `` ah-ha '' moment to get it right , but the bike rack works very well , is really stable , and handles 2 bikes with ease . I have a little Saturn sedan , and although I bought the hatch huggers , I did n't need them.Getting the bike on and off take about 4 seconds , and putting the bike rack on takes less than a minute once you 've figured it out . Highly recommended .
 I 'll admit , the first time you unbox this and hook it up to your vehicle , it can be a little frustrating getting everything configured correctly . However , the second time will go much faster assuming you mark the correct settings with the supplied stickers -LRB- I 'd also suggest marking with a permanent marker as the stickers can rub off after extended use -RRB- , and before long , it will be second nature . I really enjoy this bike rack , and several friends have purchased the same one after seeing how easy mine is to use . Not sure ? Drive to your local bike dealer and see what racks are on the cars in the employee lot . My guess is you 'll see quite a few of these !
 A little hard to figure out how to put on the car at first , but I love it otherwise . Holds bikes well above the road and is easy to take off and put on once you get past the initial set up . Also , this thing does not move at all after it 's all cinched down . The bike stays exactly where you put it and you do n't have to worry about it shifting while you 're driving .
 First things first , the only reason the rack gets 4 stars is because it scratches the clear coat on the trunk . I understand that this design will have movement since it 's secured by the straps , but I am sure it 's possible to develop footings from softer material . This model comes with rubber footings . It 's not a major complaint , since it 's hard to notice clear coat scratches , none the less scratches are there.I 've been using this rack for 2 years now . I have 2 Rockhopper mountain bikes and usually transport them on summer weekends . Regular trip is 120 miles each way . I never had to stop and retighten the straps or do any kind of maintenance on the rack . The installation takes around 15 minutes , mainly because straps are very long and you have to secure the extra slack -LRB- wrap it around the main line several times -RRB- so it would not dangle on the wind.At first you might be a bit cautions when transport bikes , because they do move on potholes and such , but after few trips the confidence will grow . I like the fact that you can always see the bikes in rear mirror to make sure they are still there . I believe the manufacturer recommends to stay under 75mph when you transport the bikes , but I can say they hold up great even when you go over that speed for sustained periods of time.I live in small apartment and the rack is really compact . Once you take it off , all arms can be untightened and put parallel to each other to save space.Overall great product.PROS : Easy to installVery sturdy and compact when storedCONS : Rubber footings scratch the clear coat on carLong straps dangle on wind if not securedNo strap to keep 2nd bike 's front wheel from spinning/moving -LRB- fixed by piece of rope -RRB-
 I own a 328i BMW and was initially hesitant to mount this rack -LRB- or any trunk-mounted rack for that matter -RRB- on the car for fear of marring the painted surface of the trunk . I noticed the `` feet '' of the nylon ribbon securing tapes were made of painted metal . This was obviously a no no . So I placed rubber electrician 's tape on each foot and appeared to have solved that problem . The rack seems sturdy enough and has no inherent design problems although it was tricky setting it up initially to fit my particular application . Once I marked the rack with the supplied tape stickers and my own magic marker mark points on the shafts , I now have a rack which I can put up and take down with the `` memory '' of each leg location already in place . Ir holds both my and my girlfriend 's bike securely . I have no reservations recommending this rack once you figure out how to finagle the legs to your own app and mark the shafts to remember where they go for future use . I like the fact that it it wo n't rust , is priced competitively , and basically looks cool . Get the rubber tape for the legs , a large cable lock , and you are on your way .
 OK , so let 's start by saying this trunk mount clears the rear wing of my 2011 genesis coupe with no problem , which is why I brought it in the first place!If you are looking for a bike rack which will get your wheels to the trail and ready to ride this is the rack.If you are looking for a bike rack that is quick and easy to use , er ... you have come to the wrong place . I really had a hard time getting the rack straps in proper alignment on the trunk of my car . On more than one occasion , I was unable to free the clip on one side of the trunk . I found it very frustrating and when the clip finally let go I was really worried that some paint had gone with it ! -LRB- it did n't thank goodness ! -RRB- the construction of the rack is very good and while driving , the bikes are secure and I feel very confident in the ability of the materials to hold up . all in all a good bike rack . worth the money ... yeah , worth the frustration , ... maybe not .
 This is the first bicycle rack I have every purchased . After researching roof racks -LRB- which were out of my price range -RRB- I decided to go with a trunk mounted rack . I did a little more research and I decided to purchase the Saris Bones 2 . I received the rack from Amazon in a few days before my trip from NY to NC . On the trip it was extremely sturdy and snug -LRB- even after 10-12 hrs . of 65-70 mph highway driving -RRB- . My only concern is that the bottom arms do not quite reach my bumper without hitting the small spoiler on my 2005 Corolla S , but this could just mean I need to spend a bit more time working on the positioning . Regardless , the straps kept the rack snug . Another cool thing that I did n't expect -LRB- because the bottom arms were resting on the back of the trunk -RRB- was that I could even open my trunk while the rack was attached , which was very handy!I highly recommend spending the extra cash on this rack compared to others in it 's class . I can already tell that this will last me a LONG time .
 I recently bought my first bike -LRB- Trek 3900 -RRB- and was looking for trunk mount . Couple of local bike dealers suggested me this stand . Initially I was overwhelmed with the price of it . But later I realized that its a quality product and if I have spent $ 600 odd for my bike it would be worth to get a quality stand for it . I did n't wish to mount my bike to some cheap stand and repent later.The stand is robust but very light weight . When not in use , you can fold it to a very small size and store it easily . The quality of straps is really good.The only thing I have a concern for is that when you mount this to the trunk , there is no integral way to lock the stand to the car . I was hoping that it had a mechanism that enables to lock it to the trunk while being able use the trunk normally .
 My first trip with a bike attached was 500 miles . No problems . Stayed tight and secure . I have n't yet attached 2 bikes . Easy to install and remove . I am satisfied , thus far .
 I bought this to rack to transport my Intense Tracer to and from the local mountains . It fits my Volvo S60 great and holds the bike steady - even under freeway speeds . The first time I used it , I had to pull over and tighten all the straps , but I chalk that up to not really knowing how taught to pull them to begin with . Once I figured out the proper tension , the rack has been solid and the bike totally secure back there . I do use a bungee cord to lock the front wheel down so it does n't move in the wind and all is well . I highly recommend this unit to anyone looking to quickly transport their bikes without a complicated set up / tear down routine . It 's out of the trunk and holding a bike in 5 minutes or less . I no longer have qualms about tossing a $ 3k + bike on the back of my car ! Enough said .
 I bought this bike rack to transport my bike from Cleveland , OH to New Orleans for a race and had no problems . This bike rack held up very well even through the horrible storms going through Alabama . It 's very easy to put on and take off and it 's very light . I used it on a Dodge Journey for the trip and it did n't leave any scratches or chips in the paint . I have a Subaru Impreza Outback Sport and it fits well on this too . Very easy to switch between the 2 cars . I like how it came with sitckers to mark your number locations . Overall great buy and very happy with the bike rack !!
 This is the second Saris bike rack we have purchased -LRB- the other was the 3 bike rack that I prematurely sold -RRB- . Easy to set up and quick to get our bikes on . We have an Infiniti G37 and I found the clips to stabilize the side to side motion do not fit in to the truck seam . However , we used the rack without them and monitored the side to side shift , there was some but not enough to cause a problem.Good quality build .
 I found this carrier to be very easy to install . I carried my cyclo-cross bike from Florida to Iowa with absolutely no problems . I used 2 small bungee cords to stabilize the bike a little , but I have done that with any bike rack I have ever used . It is very light and stable .
 We bought this bike rack because it will work with my car w / a spoiler and a Jeep Grand Cherokee . It 's so easy to set up , feels sturdy and the bikes go on easily . Not much more you could ask for , we love it !!
 This is my first bike rack . I read other reviews and decided to order this one . I have a small Geo Metro and the rack attaches very easily to the back of my car . I checked out the websites of other racks and they would not fit my car . This rack is made so that it can adapt to a number of different vehicles . It 's very easy to use . Attaches and detaches from the back of the car very quickly and holds the bike steady while on the highway . Great design .
 And our bikes made it . Excellent buy . My husband and I used it to move across country.Two standard bikes and the Saris Bones 805 held on to my 2006 Ford Focus for the entire trip.Be aware that it may need to be tightened every 500 miles or so , as my husband did so every morning beforewe drove . Overall , a good investment .
 Easy to install - though initial set up may take about 20 minutes to set arm positions and figure out strap placement and length . Holds bikes secure with straps for -LRB- top tube and seat post -RRB- and allows ample adjustment possibilities to keep the bikes -LRB- and bike tires -RRB- away from the vehicle body/paint . If its rubbing - you probably do n't have the arm height adjusted right -LRB- as I found out -RRB- . Fits both my 2000 Honda Prelude and 2007 Accord carrying a Bianchi road bike and a Gary Fischer MTB . I read a lot of reviews complaining about the the set screws being plastic and stripping . This brought up initial concerns about material and build quality . While I can see how it would be easy to think that these need to be gorilla tight - there is no reason to go crazy with them . The rack arms are designed so the rack does the work - the set screw just keeps the arm position from sliding around laterally . Just a little snug on the screws and a recheck every so often as you head down the road . Rack is made sturdy light weight plastic reinforced with aluminum where it counts . Well designed and easy to load . Folds up compact and stows easy in trunk -LRB- even in my tiny Prelude trunk -RRB- or in corner of the closet . Glad I spent a little bit more initially and got something that works with no headache - and if something happens there is a lifetime warranty from Saris on it . Solid rack .
 In truth , I first gravitated toward this particular rack because it appeared less ... ugly than it 's competitors . And with a fairly high amazon ranking , felt it was a safe purchase . It arrived a week later , and I immediately took it out of the box and to my VW Passat - literally 5 minutes later it was securely attached to my trunk , with my mountain bike mounted firmly in place . -LRB- This was a major feat , considering it took me 45 minutes to incorrectly program my wireless odometer the week before -RRB- I 'd read that this rack can be a little shaky with two bikes mounted , but we have not have that problem at all -LRB- when mounting two women 's mountain bikes -RRB- . This rack is perfect in every way - form and function !
 I love it , it was easy to assemble and install in less than 10 minutes . If you are going to carry two women-frame bikes this rack might not be the best for you since the opening in the women-frame bikes is not enough to let the arm and straps pass through it to the inner holder . If you are just carrying one women bike you can carry the women-frame bike at the outer holder . - - - Me gust&oacute; mucho este soporte para bicicletas , fue f&aacute;cil de instalar en menos de 10 minutos . Si vas a transportar dos bicicletas con el marco para mujer este soporte puede que no te sirva porque la abertura en las bicicletas para mujer no es suficiente como para dejar pasar los brazos de soporte y las correas hasta el soporte interior . Si solo vas a transportar una bicicleta de mujer la puedes colocar en el soporte exterior .
 I used it a lot already and it really stays tight and solid on the car . It held my mountain bike no problems on bumpy roads , in the rain , and even in the wind .
 I have a lightweight Fuji road bike and had no problems installing this rack on my 01 Honda Prelude . I do NOT have a spoiler . One reviewer stated that this rack will ruin my paint , but I must have a thousand coats of wax on my Lude and do n't expect any problems . NOTE
 I 've used plenty of different bike carriers , including a few other trunk - / back-mounted units . This one is notably different in design and overall quality from any other I 've seen . It mounts very easily and securely -LRB- to a Scion model xA , in this case -RRB- , and is just dead-solid on the car with two heavy bikes on-board . I just made a trip of over 1,200 miles -LRB- Portland to San Francisco and back -RRB- , in windy conditions , with this rack , and it performed perfectly . I never had to stop to tighten or re-adjust the rack at all . One nice touch is that -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- the rear gate of the vehicle can be accessed with the rack attached -LRB- although not with the bikes on , obviously -RRB- . There are only three items of caution I 'd note
 For a thumbs only user of products , this bike rack was very easy to use . My son put it on my Subaru Forester first and I watched , then did it myself . 100 % success . On subsequent uses , no problems . It was also easy to lift my bike onto the holders . Not a `` fiddly '' product , plain and easy for a 66 year old first time user . Now I can take my bike to pretty places , -LRB- like the bike path by the Sandy Hook Bay in New Jersey -RRB- , instead of just my neighborhood . This bike rack has given me freedom !
 I am very impressed by this product ! I got it to carry my road bike around and it is very easy to take on and off when not needed . Takes maybe 5 minutes tops to install once you figure it out . Maybe 1 minute to uninstall.The hooks fit well all over the hatchback door and I do n't need any extra accessories to make the bike rack work . I 'm able to put a women 's bike and mountain bike , both with angled top tubes , on the rack comfortably . There is nothing to prevent the front wheels from turning so you 'll need at least one bungee cord for the bike that 's closest to the car.I imagine that this will fit any MINI Cooper from 2002 and on , with the top arm touching the rear windshield glass . I keep a towel on each of the lower arms so they wo n't scratch the paint but I 'm not sure if it 's necessary . Be careful though , you can not open the MINI hatch with the bike rack on ! The two hooks near the top hinge of the hatch door will get pinched and you will damage your car.The only downside of this rack is that it looks nice and I feel like I need to lock it to my spoiler in case of theft . Otherwise , it 's a very solid product and worth the extra money .
 This rack is so easy to mount onto the car . I have a small hatchback and it 's very secure on the back . I would definitely recommend it !
 This bike rack is the most adaptable bike rack ever . There infinite possibilities of adjustment to fit your car truck or van.Use your imagination and make it happen!Jim from Florida
 This rack is outstanding , used it with two Mountain Bikes on my 2007 Civic Si Sedan with no problems on multiple 400 + mile trips . One thing you must do is clean the parts of the trunk and rear bumper where the rubber feet will make contact , if you do not it will rub against the dirt and can leave a permanent mark . The manual states that it is not recommended to use over 65mph , I have personally tested this rack several times at over 80mph with no problems . Although I think 2 bikes would be the limit with this type of rack , I 've seen a 3 bike model but would not recommend it for a compact car with a spoiler .
 I bought this rack about a month ago at the same time I bought the first bike I 've owned since I was about 13 years old . I am new to cycling and owning any bike equipment . This rack was recommended by the bike store where I got my bike , but I ended up waiting and ordering it from amazon -LRB- which came quickly and in great shape -RRB- . My husband helped me initially set it up for my car which took probably about 20-30 minutes , but since then it has been quick to use . It takes me just about 5 minutes to get it hooked up to my car now , which I do by myself , and then another minute to put on the bike which is really quick . I do have a hard time with one of the straps that goes around the bike frame because it seems the clip is in an awkward position , but I have picked up on tilting the bike a certain way which makes it a lot easier to unbuckle . Now that I have that down I find that the bike is incredibly easy-on , easy-off , which is key because if it were a hassle , I would be incredibly unmotivated to take my bike out of my neighborhood.Having never used a bike rack before in my life , I was definitely nervous the first time I put my bike on and drove away , even though everything felt incredibly sturdy - but it has been great and does n't seem to move at all when I 'm driving . I feel that my bike is safe there while I 'm driving.I also really like that this rack will work for my small Acura and my husband 's SUV .
 I was skeptical at first , but once I got it out of the box -LRB- well , once I actually looked at the directions -RRB- , this was VERY easy to put onto my car . I have a Honda with no spoiler , and it fits great - got it good and tight , and it carries my two bikes with absolutely no issues and looks way better than most bike racks I see in this town !
 i drive a 2006 chevy impala with a spoiler and looked a long time before finally deciding which rack to buy . this rack works great , goes over the spoiler and does n't scuff or make any marks on my car . easily held the 2 bikes on a 600 mile roadtrip . make sure you setup the rack before it 's crunch time for trips , i did and made it a breeze to take on and off while on vacation .
 I purchased this bike rack about a month ago and I absolutely love it ! I own a Volkswagen Beetle and it safely secures to the back with no problem . I installed it within minutes and I 'm able to remove it easily whenever I need to . I would highly recommend this bike rack to everyone - no matter what type of vehicle you drive ! The legs of the bike rack adjust to fit the shape of your vehicle , and then it is secured with 6 labeled straps for the top , side , and bottom of your trunk .
 This bike rack looks quite complicated when you take it out of the box , but I had it figured out and on my car in just a few minutes . My bike really feels secure when its on the car and I just do n't worry about it . Its easy to fold and store in my trunk when I am riding and do n't want anybody ripping it off . Love it and have recommended it to friends and co-workers .
 Very sturdy and easy to use . Looks nice as well , would recomend this rack to all .
 Product is lightweight , folds up great , is ready to use . Holds two bicycles well . You will need to get some bunge cords to help keep pedals and tires secure from banging into your vehicle , but rack is great and delivers as promised . Only weak point are plastic adjustment screws , while mine work great , over tightening will strip them .
 Wow what a great buy . I ordered this for my daughter and was not disappointed . It was hard finding a Ray jersey and this was the real jersey .
 The jersey was of very high quality for a very reasonable price . The customer service was excellent , very timely and professional .
 Ordered this jersey expecting it to be top quality and I was more than pleased ! Fit is true to size for a jersey , have to expect it to be a little bigger but love the fit and again great quality ! Had it express delivered to have it before the Super Bowl and it got here within just a few days and was n't much more to have it sent express ! Definitely would recommend .
 Really successful tricot . very well processes and absolutely top . Order ran off smoothly and was very quick with me at home ! Sorry for the Bad English - Google Translator ; -RRB-
 I researched a jersey and when I found this one I knew I had a great item . It is unique and not found locally . Great product . Looks nice . Great quality .
 Great Item and service . Will order from this vendor again . Future customers should highly consider this item and vendor . Thanks !
 I bought this for my son who is a Ray Lewis Fan.We had to wait to get teh jersey as it was not available initially.He loves the Jersey and wears it all the time.Good quality .
 This vest in very cool . Looks nice and is comfortable to wear . Lots of pockest for all sorts of stuff . Also has several velcro and button spots available for expanding and cusotmizing .
 i like this vest very much , just with it had a holster on it to fit pistol ! , i would purchace from this co again in future !!!
 This Vest feels very nice when its on you . almost makes you feel that you are a member of the local SWAT team . Great pockets , Great size , YOU WILL NOT REGRET THIS PURCHASE !
 I was very please with this product ! Very good quality , with many extras I really didnt expect . Fully velcor and snaps for adding additional pouches or holsters . The clips on the back work well with a bolt quiver or machette . Fit perfect anf I 'm 6 ' 0 '' and 185lbs , The straps help adjust for any extra clothes . You will not be dis-satisfied with this purchase . The delivery was fairly quick and easy tracking .
 A little thin for something supposedly bulletproof . But it was worn for a costume party so it did n't matter anyway . Shipping was fast , came within 4 business days . Definitely recommend for a costume party .
 Grandson love it ! I was afraid it would be to large on him , but it fit well . He liked the pouches .
 This vest is pretty nice . It 's got 6 pistol mag pouches , and 2 AK -LRB- or M4 -RRB- mag pouches , the two SWAT patches , two pockets you can velcro where you want to , a walkie talkie pocket -LRB- Not easily visible at first -RRB- , and a drag handle . One of the reasons I love this vest so much is that it fits me extremely well -LRB- Without needing to adjust the six straps , located on the sides -RRB- . I am 5 ' 11 . To my dismay , I found that you can not move the six pistol mag pouches , nor the two rifle mag pouches . If you play airsoft zombie games , like I do , you can use the drag handle as a nerf sword sheath . I definately WOULD NOT consider this bulletproof , but it can stand my 450 fps Electric AK-47 . At the time i bought it , it was 20 bucks . Where I 've seen similar vests for $ 70 . Amazing deal ! If you 're into airsoft or paintball , this thing is epic for the price .
 I needed a new tactical vest for security because my Tactical Fox vest was really uncomfortable . I tried it on and it fit snug and laid down for a bit and almost instantly passed out . I love it all the extra space came in handy to . I highly recommend this to any one who enjoys comfort and quality .
 The cards are a mixture of characters and caricatures of golfers in the far distance past.Masters and duffers combine in an interesting and amusing collection . The dress is so different to what the modern golfer wears . Collectors will value .
 Put the Charger on a Stratos boat and it charges the 3 batteries pretty fast and keeps them charged . This is a good product as is all Minn Kota products , you won , t go wrong .
 What a god sent ! Mount it and plug it in . Thats all I do when I done . I have three batteries , and it charges them all at once . One less thing to do . GReat product .
 Have used this unit both home and on the road and it has worked flawlessly . I have fished 10 hour days on Lake Okeechobee and the St Johns River in Florida and plug the unit in at dusk and it is ready to go early the next morning for another day on the water . I have a Minn Kota Maxxum Pro 80 Lb thrust trolling motor -LRB- 24v - -LRB- 2 -RRB- Interstate Batteries -RRB- and use the 3rd bank of the charger for my cranking battery -LRB- Blue Optima -RRB- on a Stratos 285 Pro XL . Installation was straight forward and all hardware needed was included . This unit replaced a -LRB- 2 -RRB- bank Minn Kota charger which came with the boat - the unit worked great just got tired of having to use another charger if the cranking battery ran low .
 In the past I charged my 3 batteries individually with a schumacher charger . Just installed this minnkota and I am already in love . The charger is all metal with good weight . I like how it looks and really appreciate having individual lights for each battery . Compared to the competition this was a no brainer . Other brands give 1-2 year warranty or lifetime that is pro rated -LRB- with some crazy equation that almost totals the cost of this charger -RRB- . This has a 3 year warranty . This is another great product from minnkota and I expect I will have it a long time .
 Have unit in service for only about 3 weeks now . Have made 3 trips using Motorcraft 67 # thrust trolling motor with new weedless prop , 2 blade . This is 12v/24v model , switchable . For distance use 24v setting . For quiet water or just to hold in wind , move very slowly , use 12v setting . Using conventioal starter deep cycle battery and 2 Blue Top Optimas for trolling motor . These are only about 6 weeks old . Was using car battery charger before MK 315 obtained . Seems to me that with the more sophisticated monitoring and charging system of the Minn Kota , plus leaving it on continuously on `` dribble charge '' , the trolling motor batteries last longer on the water and are less depleted at the end of similar trips . Feel OK about using the 24v setting more and starting the big motor less to make short runs . At setting 5 on 24v , my Tracker Targa 18 WT , actually 19ft long , and heavy , really moves . This is the one to get rather than a 2 bank unit , as most of the new trolling motors are 24/36 or 36v only , and use 3 batteries . Also the build quality on this unit is far superior to the cheap plastic encased models . This unit is all metal with heat fins , etc. . Despite its size and weight , it fit nicely into my battery compartment without needing to move the battery holders . Also , 3 year manuf . warranty , and if bought on most credit cards , get extra year ... that 's 4 . Absolute best price by a long shot at Amazon .
 This is my second Minn Kota inboard battery charger . The first one was for two banks of batteries and this one is three banks of batteries . This model of three bank charger takes a lot longer to recharge the batteries , but that is not an issue since the boat sits idle over night anyhow.I have had the first one for over four years without a problem .
 Very easy to install . A awesome product . Has really put a very deep charge into my deep cycle batteries . Love this charger !!
 My pontoon boat has a 24 volt trolling motor and a 12 volt outboard . As a part of my total rebuild - I added this charger , putting it in a piece of pontoon boat furniture . The wiring is all hidden and the charger does just what it is supposed to do - keep my batteries charged .
 I ordered this the first day I got my boat . I had a 2 bank version of this on my last boat and loved it . I see people get to the ramp with a dead battery and fiddle with charging batteries by taking them out after use and putting them on a charger . With this , you can forget all that and just plug it in and forget it .
 This unit is well built , easy to hook up , and works great ! Size was a little problem and I had to rearrange the batteries to squeeze it in , but there is enough wiring to manage it nicely . Wiring is heavy gauge and fully fuse protected . I am impressed with the quality of it . Could n't be more satisfied with the way it looks and performs.Fish all day and come home , hook it up , go out again in the morning with fully charged batteries and no worries about them letting you down . Awsome !
 So far so good . Arrived in great condition . Lucky for me I had one area in my boat left to install this charger . All batteries are charged and in maintenance mode , what else can I say . Looks pretty nice . Advice for warranty card
 Installation was a snap and the charger works great -LRB- installed it 4 weeks ago and have been using the boat a lot -RRB- .
 Well , I am not tend to be an expert but this ball in step above Rebook Fitness Ball I used before.The air will stay in for months without need to repump.The feel is much sturdy and heavy than the other.The color is red , well I do not bother my self with the color gamma but it seems that there are people that do.Highly recommend and considering buying another one to work .
 I bought this ball to use with some P90X one on one workouts and in anticipation of needing on in P90X : MC2 when it comes out . I have to say , I get the feeling that this thing will hold up without a problem . I 'm 6 ' 2 , 235 and have been able to treat it like a weight bench for workouts requiring up to 35 pound dumbbells . I wo n't go much higher than that just for the chance of injury if it does burst , but it seems to hold up wonderfully and feels solid through the abuse I have given it so far.A note unimportant to me , but may be important to others
 An excellent , sturdy stability ball . Using it for heavy dumbbell presses and it feels very solid . Has not lost any air after a week of fairly heavy use . Be forewarned that the color is red , not the purple shown .
 I 've tried a few different stability balls in the past and this is by far the best I 've used . And it 's big enough to use as a chair which is what I use it for .
 This is a great ball , very durable and easy to inflate . The pump that cam with the ball worked well , I had ordered another pump because of reviews from others , but did n't use it . The pump with the ball worked just fine for me . There is a great training book and video included . I 'm a big guy and the ball supports me just fine .
 I looked at a lot of balls before I chose this one . I wanted one that would hold my 400 pounds without busting and leaving me in the floor . This ball fits the bill ! It is very sturdy and comfortable . I bought it to use as a desk chair and ordered the 75cm because I thought it would be more comfortable . Let me tell you , the ball is huge ! I probably should have bought the 65cm , but this one fits my 6 foot 3 inch husband perfectly . We 're very pleased with it . I feel safe bouncing on it and my kids love to play with it also . Oh , and I pumped the ball up by hand with assistance from my 5 year old using the included pump with no trouble at all .
 Nice high quality ball . The pump is n't great , but better than I feared based on other reviews . It did the job . Ball is true to size .
 I have back and neck problems and recently had low back surgery . I was looking for something I could use at work to replace my office chair . This ball is awesome . It holds my 240 pounds just fine and does not give at all . I can work my core while reading email at work . I recommend this to anyone who wants a ball that will not give much and will provide excellent support.Jim Constand
 This is a great Swiss ball . Big enough for me -LRB- I am 6 ' 4 '' -RRB- . It is strong enough to hold my weight too . Comes with a CD and exercise guide , which I have never used . Has everything you expect from a Swiss ball .
 I bought this GoFit 75cm Stability Ball as a replacement for my desk chair at home . I 've learned -LRB- from a trusted source -RRB- that sitting on a stability ball can burn 100 calories an hour . After using this for a month now , I 'll bet that 's true.As for this specific stability ball - it 's certainly a heavy-duty ball . It states a burst-rating of 1,200 lbs . I work at home and probably spend 6-8-hours a day sitting on this thing and it 's very comfortable . At 6 ' 2 '' and 220lbs , the 75cm size is perfect for use at my desk.Use a bigger air pump if you have one . The pump that comes with it will take you a month to pump it up . I used a small portable air compressor and even that took a while to inflate . I did have to re-inflate it a bit after the first few days once it settled-in . That was no problem . I just used a pair of pliers to remove the plug.I looked everywhere , but there were no instructions on inflating the GoFit ball that came with it . Not that it 's rocket-science to pump up a ball , but a few tips might have been helpful . I used a long level and a measuring tape to figure out when the ball was close to full-inflation . Just hold the level -LRB- or a yardstick , etc. -RRB- on top and measure the distance from the level to the floor.The DVD and booklet that come with it seem to be a good bonus too.All-in-all , a great Stability Ball for what I needed -- and a much healthier option than sitting in a regular chair all day !
 I am writing this review for those who are interested in using this ball as a chair.REASON FOR PURCHASESince I sit for extended periods of time -LRB- e.g. 3 -4 hours at a time -RRB- , I needed a chair that would provide excellent back support and force me to sit up straight . Sitting in folding chairs has resulted in aches to my lower back and pain to my posterior.This ball fit that criteria to a `` T '' . PERFORMANCEThe ball is extremely durable , having thick walls . The ball is not slippery and retains a firm grip on a surface with a rug . I periodically bounce up and down on the ball and it has retained its shape for over a week without losing air.RESULTSAfter the past 1.5 weeks , I literally feel stronger . The first few days I felt quite sore . This can be attributed to using `` core '' muscles that I never strain . Now , my back feels great . As an runner , I even feel my performance has improved.PROSstrengthens backsoft cushion does not pain behindfun to bounce up and downcost next to nothing when compared to a `` high-end '' chair that claims miracleseasily portableCONSyour boss might not allow you to sit on it at workif you have no balance , you may fall over -LRB- probably a rare occurrence -RRB- ball is red NOT purple , as shown in pictureMISCHeight
 I was a 470lb man when I bought this ball . I use it in my daily exersice routine . It has made a world of difference in my core muscles . I feel stronger throughout the mid section and I stand up straighter . I recomend following the video and incorperating it into your workout . I saw a personal trainer and she got me goin on the ball . I tried to find a ball to hold me but kept feeling unsure if a ball with a 300lb rating . If you are seriouse about loosing weight and strengthening your mid section , GET THIS BALL !!!
 I have been sitting in the exact same chair at work for almost five years , and recently , my body had started to complain about it . I had the idea of sitting on an exercise ball for a large part of the day , and shopped around a little before getting this one . After three weeks of sitting on it almost 10 hours a day , I could n't be happier . Physically , I feel much better , and the ball itself seems to be holding up extremely well . I am about 5 ' 6 '' , and this ball is the perfect size for me to sit on . It holds its air well , and I have n't had any issues regarding a rubbery smell -LRB- which I hear can happen with these things -RRB- . I definitely recommend this .
 I took a look at quite a few stability balls before buying this one . I wanted a ball that could handle weightlifting excercises and the use of heavier dumbbells while still feeling secure under my body . This unit fits the bill very well . It is very good quality . I had no problem pumping it up with the supplied pump . It has held the air very well since I pumped it up . The included DVD is a nice added touch for those who like to have pictured step by step instructions . There is no lasting rubber smell that I can detect . I am very pleased with this purchase . I had also followed up with GOFIT customer support prior to my purchase to get some additional information and to see how they respond , and it was a good experience . Thumbs up on this product .
 I 've had this for about a week . I 'm over 240 lbs and have been on this ball for over 30 minutes each day . It 's held up even with heavy bouncing . I 've had shoudler surgery , so this really helps with some exercises that normally would be impossible . It 's a good ball , with minor odor that goes away in a couple of days . I have n't watched the dvd , but I 'll get to that this weekend . Right now I 'm mainly doing therapy with it.Update
 I use this ball as a desk chair and it meets my needs perfectly . For some context , I 'm 6 ' 1 '' , 200 lbs , and my desktop is at 30 '' with 25 '' clearance underneath . I inflated the ball to almost exactly 75 cm without any concerns . The included pump is adequate , but you 'll pump for 15 minutes or so . The plastic plugs seal up the ball just fine , and come out easily enough with the help of a pointy object . I have n't had to do this but once initially to adjust the amount of air . It has held the pressure pretty much constant for 5 weeks now . The ball does not pick up lint and dust , so it stays looking clean . I like that it 's rated for so much weight -- it does n't feel at all vulnerable to bursting , even when I bounce on it , which is a nearly automatic reaction to sitting on the thing .
 IMPORTANT
 This is a GREAT stability ball ! I should note however that when mine arrived it was red instead of purple -LRB- as shown -RRB- , but I actually preferred this . The ball itself is extremely thick and very durable . Once inflated -LRB- which yes can take awhile -RRB- it holds its own and does n't buckle under weight . I use this ball for weightlifting and exercises and for the first time ever , I feel stable lifting weights on a stability ball . The ball is sturdy enough to support you and yet give a little too in the right ways . This is a great ball for anyone looking for a sturdier , more durable stability ball . This was a great price and shipped very fast , in fact I got it the next day!There are no instructions for inflation however most recommend you fill the ball 80-85 % full , let it set for 24 hours and then top it off to about 90-95 % and let it set again so that the plastic adjusts . Never fill the ball more than 95 % of its maximum diameter -LRB- in this case 65cm -RRB- .
 Lordy , people ... simmer down . I just inflated my 75 cm ball in 10 minutes using the hand pump , and during that 10 minutes I got up and grabbed a tissue and took off my hat and turned down the heater and read an email ... We have two compressors , but I 'm not familiar with how to operate them ; and my spouse , who is the compressor operator of the family , was taking a nap , so I decided to just have a go with the hand pump and see if it was indeed going to `` take a month '' to inflate , as one reviewer said.It would have taken me/us longer to plug up the compressor and find an attachment that fit the ball than it took me to inflate the ball by hand.Sure , my heart rate increased a little bit . But I did n't sweat . And I did n't breathe through my mouth . I consider it my first workout with the ball ! ... You could take it slower and easier if you wanted , even watch the evening news while pumping away , and have it inflated in 15 minutes.I am currently using the ball as a chair . And liking the feel of that . Hip wiggle , hip wiggle ... giggle , giggle ... work is fun , life is good . Happy day . It 's good to move and breathe and flow ! Bye now !
 As per my `` gripes-first '' style , the pump that comes with it broke immediately . Unlike Bullwinkle , I do know my own strength and suffice it to say that 's not the reason the pump broke . So if you buy this , assume that you 'll be using a different pump and make provisions accordingly . I bought a nice Coleman Dual Action Quickpump from the nearby Walmart which is incredible , and was only 12 bucks . But I 'm not here to review that pump.So , about the actual ball
 I recommend using the instructions on the GoFit 's website , which are very clear . I did not use the hand pump that came with it . I used a portable electric air pump . Ball was easy to inflate , and seems to be very good quality .
 I was looking to replace my chair at the office . I am not a large person , but I wanted a ball I would feel confident on during a full work day . This is a heavy duty ball and exactly what I was looking for . It arrived with a DVD and even tips for using it as an alternate chair at the office with quick workout tips throughout the day . The only thing I was apprehensive about was the pump that came with the ball . Others disliked the pump claiming it was cheap or broke shortly after use ; I found it to be more than adequate to inflat the large ball in a short period of time . It worked great for me . Over all I would recommend this product to any one who is interested in a heavy duty ball for their home gym or as an alternate office chair .
 I had previously owned a flimsy at-home non-professional fitness ball - I stopped using it because the quality was so poor . Workouts were a joke . I started looking for a replacement . After reading all of the reviews , I purchased thie GoFit 65cm Stability Ball . Its awesome - exactly what I was looking for . Loved the quality . Its a perfect addition to my normal ab workouts.I agree with other users that pumping up the ball with the supplied hand-held pump was a bit of a pain but after it was inflated , I have n't had to mess with it.Also , after reading reviews about the ball not inflating to the proper size , I decided on the 65cm ball even though I 'm only 5 ' 5 '' . It works great .
 At the advice of my doctor , I got this stability ball to sit on in place of my office chair . Not only is it fun to sit on -LRB- or bounce on if you 're me -RRB- it has strengthened my back noticeably . No more acetaminophen or ibuprofen ... My back pain is almost entirely gone after using this for a month . I noticed I was getting an office-chair-posture-slump-and-pouch-belly but I 'm starting to see positive toning in my shoulders and abdomen.Other profs have seen me smiling , working , and -LRB- inevitably -RRB- bouncing on my ball and have decided to get a ball as well . I 'm starting to think this company should pay me for the advertising ; -RRB- I recommend this ball over the cheap , thin ones you 'll find at large chain stores because it 's much more durable , yet still affordable.The only reason I give it four stars and not the full five is because I ordered one for a colleague as a gift and although it 's gray and says `` 75cm '' on the box and ball , it 's definitely 85cm . It 's way to big for her to use at her desk . I wanted to return it but she said she 'd get used to it . I notice it sits in the corner of her office more often than not . Be sure you get the right size for your legs and desk.For maximum comfort and results , you should be able to sit on the ball with your legs bent at a 90 degree angle in front of you . If you 're legs are out too far , your heels will turn out . If you 're legs are in too close , either your heels or toes will turn out to balance . This ends up putting uneven pressure on your bones and core and may result in increased back or shoulder pain . I 'd recommend trying out different sizes at the gym before ordering one to feel what 's best for you . Do n't waste your money on one that is n't commercial grade , though ... Especially if your students will be sneaking in and bouncing on it while you 're teaching : -RRB-
 The ball is just what I expected . Just be careful when you blow it up . It will allow more air than you think and becomes a larger ball than you wanted . Easy to let out the air though .
 I purchased this exercise ball as a replacement for my desk chair after borrowing a same-size ball from a friend -LRB- a Gymnic Classic 75cm ball -RRB- . After inflating this ball and putting it side by side with the Gymnic I found it to be slightly smaller , no matter how much I inflated it . The quality of the ball itself is very good - the plastic is thick and I truly believe that this ball will stand up to some wear and tear . As a desk chair , though , I found it to be slightly too small -LRB- 5 ' 10 , 180 pounds -RRB- and the thick plastic made it less comfortable than the Gymnic -LRB- which unfortunately is also more expensive ! -RRB-
 I am 6 ' , 280 + lbs and wanted an exercise ball to use as a desk chair - this one is perfect ! It is exactly what they say it is and is durable enough that I 'm pretty sure I could strap it on and jump out a two story window onto it without it bursting .75 cm is also the perfect height for my desk .
 I got this ball several days ago and I consider it a great ball at a very reasonable price . It is attractive -LRB- looks just like the Amazon picture -RRB- , feels good on the skin , is made from very sturdy material -LRB- definitely professional quality -RRB- and did n't have any odor right from the start . It really measures 75 cm in diameter . I found that the best way to pump up this ball is to use a compressor to get a good shape and then switch to the supplied pump to top off at high pressure . Unlike some other reviewers , I found the pump to be excellent . It is obviously designed to deliver small amounts of air at high pressure so I was able to get a very firm ball in short order . It pumps on both the upward motion and the downward motion which is a very intelligent and useful design . However , it would take a long time to fill the ball completely using only the supplied pump . When I bought the ball it was not advertised to come with a DVD so make sure you check on that first before ordering . I 'm 6 ' 3 ' and 220lbs and this ball is the right size for me for general exercising . However , it is too high for sitting at my computer . But I like it so much that I am going to buy a second ball at 65 cm for computer use . I can use this ball all day long and it will last forever .
 Incorporating this ball into my workout has been a significant step in improving my torso strength . Normally I would do about 100 crunches on the floor . 25 on the ball is equivalent to 100 on the floor and more comfortable . Would highly recommend .
 good for home exercise and health . I recommend . I lived in Brazil and the product was much cheaper than here .
 We ordered this when my wife was pregnant . She loved it then , and we still use it to bounce while holding the baby -LRB- it 's the only thing that calms the baby down , quite often ! -RRB- I actually have started using the ball as a seat when I 'm at my desk , it 's comfy like that.The ball also holds air very well . We both notice it 's not 100 % full after a month or so , but pumping it for just a few seconds fixes that . I 'm very satisfied with how full it stays , especially since we use it daily.I agree with other reviewers that the hand pump is a joke . The handle slid off the shaft within minutes . I glued it back on and it has held up really well since then . I knew the pump would be iffy when I bought the ball , so I did n't care.Basically , if this ball ever gets damaged I will order this same one again .
 I 'm 5 ' 9 , 165 and this ball works great for me . Mine came in red . No problems with the pump or anything when I took it out of the box .
 I absolutely LOVE exercise balls and when I have family and friends that are deciding to get into fitness , I find this to be a great gift . I decided to order this professional grade stability ball and give it to a family member for Christmas and it 's better than expected ! I can really notice how much thicker the walls are than the typical stability ball you may purchase otherwise . The ball came in the size and color that I had ordered . The DVD , manual and exercises displayed on the ball all serve their purpose well . The hand pump is a bit to be desired but , honestly I did n't expect much and it 's not a huge deal . The ball has n't lost any air even with very heavy usage for the last few weeks or so . The pin also stays in securely . Overall wonderful product !
 I got the 75cm ball to sit on during my pregnancy . I loved it . Very durable and so much more comfortable than my computer chair .
 After a serious fall I had balance problems and use of this ball to help work on my balance was recommended . It was easy to inflate and maintains inflation well . I know it has lots of other uses in body work and I would recommend it for its sturdy construction .
 Great exercise ball , also has several exercises on the ball itself . Has lasted over a year with quite a bit of use and kids playing on it all the time . Definately would purchase again .
 So far so good ! A very sturdy ball that I purchased as a seat for my son to improve core strength while doing homework , playing video games , and playing Legos ! It has suggested exercises printed on it so he has already taken his strength training to the next level ! It 's more than a toy ... it 's a healthy incentive .
 Finally found the ball I was looking for . This was the 3rd one I ordered ; the first two I bought -LRB- one was a sports authority brand , the other was a pro forma from nordictrak -RRB- would n't pump up to the full 65cm , thus they were too small , which was not an option since I bought it for use as an office chair . They were also not firm , so when you sat on it , even when it was fully pumped , you would sink down substantially -LRB- I am only 5 ' 3 '' and 110 pounds , so that should NOT happen -RRB- . Finally tried this one . It pumped up to the size it was supposed to , and is firm so you do n't sink down too far , and is perfect for use as my new office chair . Definitely recommend .
 This was a nice exercise ball -- sturdy material , not too thin , so we are confident it will last awhile . Easy to inflate . Just what we wanted .
 This is a very well made stability ball . The price can not be beat ! It comes with a DVD and a air pump ! It does have exercise graphics on the side but that , to me , does not take away at all . In fact I kind of like it and I am sure since I change my workouts often it will one day provide me with a reminder on different exercises .
 I 'm 465 pounds and this thing takes whatever work out do . Awesome quality , a definate quality product , which can be hard to find now a days .
 I was a little confused by reading reviews but I decided on the goFit ball at 65cm and it worked out just right for my 5 ' 8 '' frame . There was no odor from the ball and was not difficult to blow up the ball with the pump provided.Did my abdomial exersizes with no proplem with my 215 lbs of body weight.I would recommend this item .
 Works great , does n't loose air -LRB- had it for 2-3 weeks and have n't refilled yet -RRB- . Took a lot of time to fill though . I had a cheap air mattress pump which did the major part of filling the ball with air but it was n't powerful enough to stretch the ball . I had to use the hand pump which comes with the ball to fill the last part , and boy that was a workout in itself . But now the ball works great and I am satisfied with this purchase .
 Not sure why I bought this . There are 2 exercises that I enjoy doing . But it is fun , even though it is huge and takes up lots of room ! Hard to ignore .
 We purchased 2 65mm balls for our inside sales team to sit on at work . The quality is good and they hold air no problem . Very durable product . I do n't think it 's possible to get it all the way to 65mm with a hand pump but they are pretty close after a few weeks of occasionally adding air . Either way the firmness is just fine for sitting during the day .
 I use this as a desk chair . I am one of those people at the office you laugh at yes ... . but it really helps my back and helps me to do little exercises while I am on the phone .
 As other reviews , band around ball showing the exercises is unnecessary and not nice looking . Functions well , no problem with the pump . Use it as an alternative desk chair .
 I bought this ball for my husband , who is 6 ' 1 '' and 265 lbs . Most other stability balls on the market only support a weight up to 250 lbs , whereas this one apparently can support a car . He really likes it . We primarily use the stability balls as chairs , because our baby does n't like to be held sitting still , and bouncing on one of these is way better than walking the halls . My husband has also been incorporating the ball into his workout routine , and really likes the core strength he has gained from just sitting and bouncing , as well as some of the focused exercises he can do with his legs and abs .
 I had absolutely no trouble pumping this ball . I 'm 71 and had it inflated in a few minutes . It has not lost air at all . This ball is very sturdy .
 It is much better for me than the smaller one I had previously . It is cute that it has little pictures of different exercises on it . Definitely the best exercise ball I 've had .
 I purchased the GoFit ball to help with lower back pain -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- using the bouncing technique . It worked great ! Essentially no back pain remains after a couple of weeks . The exercise ball is * exactly * as described - sturdy and well made . For the first couple of days there was a slight odor from the vinyl , now gone . Follow the instructions in the FAQ in their web site to fill the ball to the proper size . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' tall and the 75cm ball is perfect for me .
 Product is very sturdy . I was satisfied with quality of product . Instructions for inflating product are nonexistent in box but it is not hard to figure out .
 Hello , As the title states , I just got this product and I 'm new to exercising.The air pump that came with it is worth less . I could n't tell if it was actually putting out air or not . So , I blew it up on my own . This only took 10mins or so.I bought this because many of the ` No Gym ' work outs that I have come across want you to own at least dumbbells & a ball . The price was right , I have n't watched the DVD yet , and Amazon has good stuff.I am an overweight guy and this seems like a good way to increase the exercises that I can do with minimal investment and space consumption.The little booklet that comes with it shows several moves . It looks like it will be a nice addition.I 'm looking forward to using this unit . I will post again or edit this one after some time .
 I 've been having a lot of lower back pain and the ball makes you sit up and quit slouching ... and you 'll never nod off watching a movie again .
 I am 441 pounds and so far it hasnt popped was really easy to blow up with the hand pump although foot pump would have been nice . Also would have been nice to include a tape measure or something else to help you ensure proper air levels .
 I got one of these to sit on in the office . Several others have done likewise , including my boss . It does make my back hurt after a while so I do n't use it all day . It 's especially helpful after 2pm when people tend to get the after lunch sleepy .
 Okay , this is a favorite in our family . Its so tough , we are n't afraid it will burst . The exercises are printed right on it , which are the same ones my physical therapist had me doing .
 Stability ball is super strong , exercises are printed on the side , the pump is included -- what 's not to love ? Great product-great value .
 The ball it self is a ever good one.I think it will last for years to come . But , I hated the pump I got with it.went to a sport store and got a small pump for about 10 dollars and it was a great , pump the big ball up in good time .
 This is my first experience with an exercise ball and it exceeded my expectations . Inflating it with the hand pump was n't as difficult or time consuming as I anticipated , and the ball seems as durable as promised . I made this purchase primarily to do back exercises , and simply sitting on it and giving my spine freedom of movement feels great . I plan on using this to sit at my desk as well as doing exercises . I bought a base for the ball which has n't arrived yet , but I did n't experience any problems with the ball slipping out from under me while on a carpeted area . They do need to change the product description to indicate that you 'll be getting a red ball , not a purple one , but the shade of red looks nice too .
 The GoFit Stability ball is a `` Must Have '' for every seriou Personal Trainer -LRB- PT -RRB- . It is both strong and durable . My clients with extreme weight challenges notice the support of this item immediately and they state how much more secure and confident about performing their exercises with this product instead of other brands . I really makes a diffence . More colors would be a great idea .
 I read the reviews prior to ordering , the color indicated in the photo was purple -LRB- which I really wanted -RRB- but I took note that several folks received red . I ordered anyway and of course received a red one . In spite of not getting a purple ball I still think it 's a good product . Heavy duty , which was important to me since I need to `` trust '' my ball , as I too am heavy duty . It holds it 's shape and it 's volume of air and I feel very comfortable on it . I 'm in a stability ball class and have tried the other balls there and like the weight and feel of my `` red '' ball . I 'll probably order another smaller one , a 55cm . The 65cm is great for sitting but a little to large for some of the other activities so I think having a pair of different sizes is the way to go .
 I got this exercise ball because I 'm 7 months pregnant and heard it can ease back pain to sit on the ball . I love it ! It provides instant relief to my lower back . I also plan on using the ball during labor . It 's a thick , high quality ball and feels very sturdy . It was easy to inflate and only took my husband about 10 min . with the provided pump . Lastly , I 'm 5 ' 3 and glad I got the 65cm size , its perfect .
 An exercise ball provides endless possibilities of exercises . It focuses on the core balancing muscles which can also be used for strength training . I use it mostly for my abs . The wall of the ball is very thick and sturdy , so I do n't ever have to worry about popping it . I use some at the gym which feel very thin and do n't provide as much support . The included dual action pump inflates the ball rather quickly .
 I 've owned this ball about 6 weeks now and I use it as my desk `` chair '' . The wonderful dark purple color looks great in my office and it was very easy to blow up with the included pump . Durable so far -- I 've taken it to a weekend training and back with no problems and after the initial `` breaking in '' period , I 've only had to add air once -- as I expected . I am very sensitive , but detected little or no odor when I opened the package . My only suggestion to the manufacturer is that they include a plastic tool to ease out the stopper . I had one from a previous ball and it works more easily than a coin .
 The ball seems to work well , but had a * very * strong vinyl/plastic smell for a few days , so I took half a point off for that.The other half point I deducted from the pump that came with it . It worked about as well as something a bit smaller than a turkey baster * could * work , but the nozzle fell off about 3/4ths of the way through pumping , so I had to finish it with the pump from an exercise ball I got a couple of years ago . On the plus side , it did n't make loud whistling noises like the older pump.I like the ball , though , and I would buy it again . I just want to point out the smell and the pump for those buying it , in case that is important to you . If you have an air compressor and keep it in the garage for a week after first inflating it , it would be perfect I think .
 I have yet to master all the exercises ; however , unlike most exercise equipment , this doubles as a great computer chair .
 This is exactly what I was looking for and is a nice piece of exercise `` equipment . '' Light and sturdy . It was a little bit of a pain to pump up , so we finally took it to the garage and used the air compressor -LRB- although the instructions advise against it -RRB- - but it worked . Love having this sit by my closet to do a few quick situps before bed or when I wake up .
 Received this ball yesterday and was impressed that it came with both a pump and a DVD/CD with instructions for use . It took about 10 minutes to pump it up and it was immediately ready . I have not viewed the DVD yet and I have not read any of the instructions yet . I got some professional introduction to how to use the ball from my physical therapist . The quality of the ball is SOLID and it looks like it will last for a long time to come . The price on Amazon is better than local stores . I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone that would listen .
 As stable as advertized and indeed very durable , as it holds air without constant need for refilling -LRB- like other balance balls -RRB- . I switch this out with my ergonomic desk chair for variety of sitting positions at my computer desk .
 I love my new stability ball ! It is very sturdy and is just the right height for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 7 '' with rather long legs -RRB- . I like to sit on the ball when when I work at my desk or relaxing at home and I find it gives me a very subtle workout for my legs and it helping with my balance . I also like to use it for stretching exercises or with light weights , and it is a good size for me . I have n't had a chance to check out the video yet -LRB- in all honesty , I 've just been doing well using it as a chair and for my stretches -RRB- , but will update my review when I get to it .
 This is the fourth exercise ball I 've owned/used for any amount of time , and so far it seems to be of very good quality.I believe the material it 's made out of is the thickest & heaviest of the balls I 've owned.I am using this one at work for several hours out of my day as an office chair.The pump that comes with it seems sufficient , but I used a compressor to fill it -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- .
 Having had two back surgeries , I know how critical it is to maintain a strong , stable core . A `` Swiss '' ball is perhaps the best way for your dollar to achieve this . This ball is extremely well constructed . Have had for months now and have n't even had the slightest deflation , even with constant , intense use . -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 3 '' 225 -RRB- . Also , included manual and DVD both motivate and ensure you 're using it to it 's full potential . Has made it possible for me to play Golf again with more success and less pain ! Anything that can enhance and prolong my ability to enjoy my passion , I totally endorse !
 I bought this primary to sit on at my desk . I tested out other sized balls from other brands at the gym and concluded at 75 cm would be about right , but this ball inflates bigger than others . Still okay for a 5 ' 11 '' , 180 lb guy .
 I have had no problems with this . It inflated relatively quickly and easily , given that it came with a hand pump . I have been using it as a seat at my desk for about 4 hours each workday for over a month , and I have n't noticed any deflation yet . The plugs were easy to insert and easy to remove .
 This is a heavy duty stability ball I find essential for my exercise/fitness program . The ball comes with a pump , an exercise booklet , and a exercise DVD . Both the booklet and the DVD are informative and instructive in achieving maximum use of your ball . If you ca n't find an exercise cited in the book or on the DVD it is n't worth including in your routine . Even the inflation of the ball with the provided pump will provide vigorious exercise . The air pump is low volume requiring a concerted effort to fully inflate the ball , but it is well worth the effort . I use my stability ball daily , and highly recommend it to individuals who are serious about their fitness program . A good product at a reasonable price .
 I 'm a bit of a fitness nut , but I do n't have much time or money to put towards it . So I 'm always looking for inexpensive things to use at home , just to keep myself in decent shape . I 've tried about everything out there , and this simple piece of equipment is the most awesome thing I 've used.I also use this at work for sitting sometimes -LRB- but not all the time -RRB- . My work required signing a waiver and implementing a base in order to use it , but that 's fine with me . I found that having a base made home exercising -LRB- for some postures -RRB- much easier and effective . I can also put resistance band under it and have even more options!My favourite exercise on this piece of equipment are situps . It really gets the whole abdominal range . Its also great for just laying on and reversing that typical ` leaning forward ' motion of your shoulders and back that 's so common with desk/computer jobs.For $ 20 its much cheaper than a gym membership or a trip to the chiropractor -LRB- where they often have you do that same lying-back exercise , with your arms out . This ball is high quality , too . Thick , sturdy walls , slightly grippy textured surface , and the exercises are printed right on the ball so you do n't have to fiddle with books and DVDs and stuff . My only complaint is that each size has only one color option , and carrying a giant red ball into work garners a bit of unwanted attention , but that may happen regardless of the color ...
 I 've used it for exercises recommended by my physical therapist . It 's sturdy , and it 's certainly a good conversation piece sitting in my living room !
 Works nice ... I use it when I am working on the computer at my desk . This ball helps with the posture and builds strength plus the excersizes are not easy and give you a good work out .
 It 's exactly what I expected . A good value for a large and sturdy stability ball , though inflating it for first use with the included manual pump was a bit of a workout !
 The ball is ok , and is for a decent price . I 'm not such a fan of the exercises being put on the ball , I 'd prefer the texture on the rest of the ball to be on the whole surface , but that is not a major issue.In the process of inflating the ball to full pressure -LRB- instructions say to do a partial inflation , wait 12 hours , and then fully inflate -RRB- , the pump fell apart in my hands . It seemed that the higher internal pressure in the ball was flowing back into the pump , and the glue holding the various pieces was not enough to hold it together . Luckily for me , I had another pump from a different product -LRB- Gaiam -RRB- that I was replacing with this , and that pump worked fine .
 I use it for ab workouts and much more . Ball is durable and holds air nicely even when the temperature changes .
 Wish I had purchased the larger size . . good quality.happy with purchase?appears to be very durable ! Easily inflated many exercises are imprinted on the ball nice feature
 I have trouble with my back and a personal trainer suggested I try sitting on a stability ball at my desk . It helps enormously . The only downfall is , you ca n't spin on a ball the way you can in a desk chair ! But all in all I am pleased with this as it is the largest one I could find and fits nicely at my desk .
 I purchased this ball for my son who is working on a weight loss program . His instructor recommended it and he is extremely happy with it so far .
 This ball is made of thick and durable plastic -- seems more heavy-duty than the balls at my gym . I use it as an office chair in addition to using it for exercises . The hand pump worked fine . I followed the instructions and filled the ball half way , left it overnight and completed filling it the next day . All-total , filling the ball took only 15 minutes . They provided very clear instructions on how to measure the filled ball . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the instructions mentioned a bicycle pump needle attachment that was n't included in my box .
 Ball is very sturdy and provides a great workout . Would have given it a five if the pump provided had not been so worthless . Threw it away after my first workout , which consisted entirely of trying to use the pump to blow up the ball . It wore me out and never got the ball inflated . Fortunately , I had a bicycle pump that worked well . But , the ball is great and you will be very satisfied with the ball .
 I would highly recommend this stability ball over cheaper versions . Since this is professional grade -LRB- or at least that what the box says -RRB- and also because it has a higher weight capacity , the ball keeps firm better . By that I mean , the ball holds it shape better and does n't flatten out as much when you sit on it -LRB- this is important for heaver people -RRB- . Therefore it provides more of a stability challenge . This is the main advantage over other balls and is worth the higher price . I 've tried other cheaper balls which have a thinner wall and would never go back to these . The DVD is also decent although I do n't workout out to it . I also like that the exercises are printed on the ball .
 I bought this to sit on at work . Works awesome . Very durable and the pump it came with works great . Great buy !!
 This is a high-quality stability ball . It is made of firm , thick rubber and does n't feel like it is shrinking or losing air when you lay on it . The pump that came with it was more than adequate for pumping up the ball though it was hard to pump it up the final 10 inches . It did n't take long to blow up most of the ball . The video that came with the ball was a little disappointing as it was n't that long and did n't demonstrate the exercises that clearly . However , the diagrams on the side of the ball were helpful . I would recommend it to anyone looking for an exercise ball .
 I received the ball yesterday so these are just my first impressions.Upon opening the Amazon box , I found that the box the ball was in was already opened and the pump was missing . I 'm not sure if this means it was taken out , or perhaps fell out , but either way it made blowing the thing up very frustrating . I used a bike pump with a normal metal nozzle which was fine save for the difficulty in creating a proper seal around the inflation hole in the ball . -LRB- -1 Star -RRB- Apart from that , I 'm very satisfied with the ball . The texture is very nice and the rubber is obviously of high quality - it definitely does n't feel like it will pop . I do n't mind the exercises printed on the ball and in contrast to some other reviews , after rolling the ball all over my not-so-clean floors , I did n't notice any dirt sticking to that part of the rubber.I saw another review which stated the ball was actually a 65cm . I 'm not so sure about this . I do n't have a lot of experience with exercise balls so I could be wrong , but I was able to inflate the ball to the exact 92-inch circumference specified in the guide for a 75cm ball without excessive effort - so unless the instruction book is also wrong I tend to think this is actually the 75cm ball it 's supposed to be.Conclusion
 I have owned this GoFit 65cm Stability Ball for five months -LRB- Feb-Jul 2012 -RRB- . I am 6 ' 0 '' tall -LRB- 170 lbs . -RRB- and it is perfect for my size . For its initial inflation , I used a compressor and fine-tuned with a hand pump that I use for my bicycle . I have been using it regularly three times a week for crunches , hyper-extensions , push-ups , and one or two other exercises depending on my mood . I just checked the circumference and , after five months of continuous use , it has n't lost any air and is still 80 '' . This is a heavy duty product and I am glad that I read all of the reviews and decided on this particular unit.Ken
 This product is AWESOME ! I had purchased a cheaper version -LRB- different brand -RRB- at Wal-Mart and it deflated daily , it was thin and flimsy material overall it was n't what I was looking for . I found this Stability Ball here and it is WONDERFUL ! The material it 's made out of is thick and holds air WAY longer ... I think I 've had to air it once after receiving it -LRB- and I use it daily -RRB- ! HIGHLY Recommend this product to EVERYONE !
 The item looks durable . However , this is 1st time I 'm using exercise ball , it seems that I need to release the pressure in order that beginner like me can maintain balance when using it.The main dissatisfaction of the purchase is that the item is packed in such big box -LRB- original GoFit box kept in a much bigger Amazon box -RRB- , the package 's shipments cost almost the same as the ball price , to ship from America to Asia .
 really like this item . Very durable and strong . Had other ball before but this one is very nice . Ball does not lose air , is strong and can hold significant weight .
 I have n't tried the DVD yet so no feedback on that , but I really like the ball itself.Being my first stability ball , I was a little worried about it being able to hold me -LRB- a BIG girl at 5 ' 8 '' & approx . 260 lbs -RRB- , but it does , and I can already feel/see the difference.It was easy fill , and has lost very little pressure over a couple of weeks worth of daily use . It lost enough to open up & pump back up , but nothing like some of the horror stories below.The color was n't as shown , which was fine with me - not trying to color coordinate my excercise equipment or anything ...
 This is a good , very solid ball and seems to be of much higher quality than a ball I bought at Wal-mart that went flat . I would recommend this ball and am planning to buy 2 more as gifts.As far as the contents of the box , the plug was missing for the ball and there were no instructions on how to blow it up . I went to the company website and filled out the contact form and they mailed 2 plugs free of charge the very next day and I had them in less than a week . I also found that the plug I saved from the Wal-mart ball also worked . The customer service wrote this
 I love this ball . I use it for workouts , and also my chair for at the desk . I find this to be a very sturdy ball . Inflating it was not very hard . I found that if you can use a air compressor that was much easier than the hand pump . It is a very sturdy ball and not a lot of things stick to it which is nice for around the house . It was also big enough for me to use , I am 6 ' 2 so if your tall this will work for you .
 This is a high quality stability ball and the pump is also very good . I wish the ball came with instructions . I needed to inflate my ball 3x 's in the first week to maintain proper inflation , but I think that 's normal . -LRB- I just used a flathead screwdriver to pry the plug out -- its seems to have caused no damage . -RRB- The video that came with it is excellent . It includes a good variety of exercises which are clearly explained and modeled .
 BLUF
 I 've had this fitness ball for a week now and love it . I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and 300 lbs . This ball is very comfortable . I work at home and have been using this at my desk for 6-8 hours a day.I used a compressor to fill it up . A great tip I picked up from another review
 I 'm glad I bought the largest one since I am using this as a chair and to stretch on . High quality and holds up nicely .
 A coworker of mine had ordered this exact ball and I liked it so much I ordered one for myself . Great value , arrived promptly . This one is fairly large , but I am 6 ' so it works great for me , shorter folks might want to try one of the smaller ones .
 The quality of this stability ball is very high . If I were to purchase again , I would definitely buy this one .
 I bought this after knee surgery , and it has very helpful . And it did not hurt that it is a great price .
 I sit on this ball as an alternative to a desk chair . I use this ball many hours a day , at 190lbs . Besides slowly and decidedly building up my core muscles this ball is also used for situps , extension and flexion work . It is a great price and a solid product .
 I own the stability ball by Gaiam which is far less stable than this ball . i like the firm texture of the Go Fit ball . It keeps its shape even when I balance my knees/shins on the ball for core strength . I caution people who have neck problems like stenosis . It is very important to maintain perfect posture , balancing the head on the shoulders . I need to be careful not to let my head go forward , thereby using my neck muscles for balance or when shifting from prone to an upright position . There are no problems with this ball and any injury caused by it would be due to human error . I have a DVR program saved from the Total Body Fitness program on BYU channel which focuses on the stability ball , using hand weights . It is an excellent full body workout . I am 5 ' 5 &#34; and purchased the 65cm ball which is just right . I had no problem whatsoever with the pump . I do not understand anyone complaining about the time it takes to inflate it . I 'm 58 years old and did it without any hand fatigue . I followed the instructions about the time delay before fully inflating it so the air temperature stabilizes , thereby alleviating any problem with over inflation . I enjoyed the reviews regarding those who use it as a chair . I purchased the floor disc to try that feature , but as I said before , I must use perfect posture , otherwise my neck gets fatiqued . I highly recommend this ball .
 This stablilty ball is really great for exercises . The large size -LRB- 75cm -RRB- also allows me to use it instead of a chair at my desk . Great for keeping your core tight and your back straight ! Highly recommend !!
 I bought the ball with the Isokinetics Inc. . Exercise Ball Base and it works great as a replacement for my desk chair . I feel that I can tell the difference and that it is strengthening my core and giving a little extra definition to my abs . It definitely helps me with the back aches I was having before . I feel way better about my day sitting on this ball . With the base , I am never concerned about stability , although it took a small adjustment period -LRB- a couple of days -RRB- and a little bit of soreness to get used to it . I recommend this for desk sitters ! I was considering going for a smaller ball -LRB- 65cm -RRB- but ultimately chose 75cm . I am really glad that I did . I am 5 ' 6 '' and the 75cm height is perfect and in fact possibly a bit low .
 Good quality ball , arrived on time . Always pleased with Amazon service and performance . This ball is too big for exercising for me , I 'm just under 6 feet . However , the 65 cm was too short for a desk chair , so i got this . I was a little surprised by the size difference , but that 's only from lack of experience . I have left this under-inflated since it was way too big for my desk at full inflation . Everybody at work laughs at me , but i think they are just jealous that i am getting so fit and beautiful . ; - -RRB-
 Got this ball in timely fashion . Was very easy to blow up . I was planning to use it for a work chair , but it was a bit too short , even when fully inflated . I have also ordered the next higher size , 75cm . I will plan to use this for home exercises , since the 75 cm is definitely too big for me .
 I use these balls for desk chairs . The last two balls developed leaks so I looked for a ball with a sturdier , thicker rubber . So far this Go Fit ball seems to fit the bill .
 It 's important to get the right size ball for your height : &#10004; 55cm for people who are 5 ' to 5 ' 5 '' tall , &#10004; 65cm for people who are 5 ' 5 '' to 6 ' , and &#10004; 75cm for people who are 6 ' and taller.However , even then it is not a guarantee of a perfect fit - we all are built differently . For example - I am 6 ' 2 '' and have pretty long legs and it took me a while to adjust to sitting even on a 75cm ball.The quality seems to be fine , I have n't had any problems . It 's rated to 2000 lbs , so do n't worry about it blowing up under you.The surface is not slippery , which is a plus if you are planning to use it as a chair replacement.You might need to add some air after the first few days of use - seems like there 's a break in period during which the ball gets slightly stretchier.One more thing to mention - get a bicycle pump or better yet an air compressor to inflate it . Otherwise , it will take a very long time.Good deal for a stability ball .
 I work in software so I often sit at a computer for long periods of time which has caused me some back issues . I 've traded my office chair for this exercise ball . It is a great size and feels very sturdy . I do n't imagine I could pop it unless I really tried . I did n't watch the included DVD as I 'm not using this ball for exercise so I ca n't say if the DVD content is any good or not . The hand pump works fine , although it does take a little while to inflate the ball . Once inflated it holds air well . If you need a decent exercise ball for exercise or just sitting on this is a good one .
 I used this daily during my P90X2 workouts and it works well . My only complaint is that it takes up too much room , which ca n't really be fixed unless you want to air it up daily . It is sturdy and great for kids to play on while they are watching TV and such , keeps them active .
 i got this not for yoga but for sitting at my desk . there 's nothing wrong with it , but it 's just a bit too small for purposes of sitting at my desk . i 'm 5 ' 10 &#34; and followed the measurements to get this 65cm ball , but too small . so i gave it to my sister . anyway , quality is great .
 I bought this ball to replace my old one after it got a hole in it . I love how it has the exercises printed on the sides !
 Very happy with my purchase . I used a similar product in physical therapy for my back . This product allows me to continue the exercises in my home
 Needed a ball to use that would hold my weight and not explode under me . I am 5 ' 8 '' tall and over 300 lbs . The plug that holds the air in comes out pretty easy for refilling . I had been concerned that I would never be able to get it out . I probably could have used the next size up as my weight does squish down the ball and my hips and knees are not in the alignment that I seek . Keep that in mind if you are looking to keep your knees below your hips.I would buy this again , just the next size up . Oh , and the manufacturer really needs to include a way to measure for proper inflation . -LRB- Please . -RRB-
 As a Birth Doula I purchased this ball to test it out before I reccommended it to my clients to use as a birth ball . It was easy to blow up with the hand pump provided ; it only took about 20 minutes -LRB- following the overnight directions -RRB- your arms get a bit of a workout ! I have had friends and family using it and not being exactly gentle ! It has held up well . I reccommend following the height guidelines when you purchase your ball . I have all three sizes and they really are for the heights they reccommend . I think this is a good product if your looking for an exercise ball or a birth ball .
 I bought this over five months ago to replace a leaky ball -LRB- a different brand -RRB- . This one is still firm from the initial inflation . It 's round , it 's the specified size , and it does n't leak . What more can you ask of a ball ?
 The packaging was reasonable and it came with a video which I have n't used yet . It was nice it came with its own pump , would have been nicer if it had a measuring tab but I was able to manage .
 This ball is extremely durable , a great size and was easy to inflate . For tall people , it is excellent . The skin is thick and we have had no issues with it , and do not feel any danger of it popping .
 I received the gofit professional stability ball about 4 weeks ago and have been using it as an office chair ever since . It was easy to inflate with the enclosed pump and I have only had to pump it up to the neccesary hight once since . I am more than 80 pounds overweight and was hesitant at first to use the ball , but once I sat on it I have no more reservations . It has helped my core muscles and encouraged better posture at work . I am looking forward to using the ball for a long time .
 Ordered this for doing core training , situps , back hypers , etc. . Was fairly easy to inflate with the provided pump . The DVD is okay as it provides a basic blast routine for beginners . Very happy with this purchase and have since purchased the 55 cm as well .
 I got this for about $ 30 . I 've tried a few different brands of balls . Valeo 's , Gold 's Gym , and this one . To think of the $ 100 I wasted on balls . The Gold 's Gym ones are now flat . The Valeo ones seem a bit better since they are solid rubber , but this ball is twice as thick and has 5 times the weight limit . It is also textured.One thing I do n't like about it is it has exercise positions printed on it , so if you are using it to sit on at work its a bit obtrusive but not that noticable . Also there is a plastic smell that goes away in a few days as it cures.It is indeed grey , it is 75cm , and it is professional quality . There are a lot of balls that claim they are pro quality and then turn out to only be 300lb weight limits . And since this is the same price as all the other lower quality balls ... It 's annoying all the people who called the lesser quality balls better than all the other balls they tried , because I ended up buying them based on those reviews , and they were just as thin as all the others . It 's like people on Amazon want to give good reviews just so they have a place to be positive , or because they think glowing reviews get more helpful feedback . It keeps truly good balls like this one becoming the new norm . This ball truly is thicker , stronger , and more durable than the other two brands I mentioned.I have a 300 + lb co-worker who likes to bounce up and down on this thing . . makes me nervous as heck but it has n't popped .
 This product is a quality item . 75mm is larger than your normal Stability Ball , but perfect if you are looking for a Stability Ball to replace your desk chair .
 I purchased a cheaper ball from DicksSports and returned it after pumping it up , felt way too cheap and flimsy . This stability ball is great ! Very thick and stable -LRB- you do n't feel like you 're going to bounce off -RRB- . For some reason it 's hard to find the 75cm Pro Ball . Use it for ab work outs . If you 're looking for a nice thick ball and are 5 ' 11 '' or taller this is it .
 Have only used the ball a few times . I use it for sit ups and `` gluteus work out.well made and sturdy . a little bigger than I expected but I may have filled it up a bit too much .
 I absolutely love the fitness ball . It is very well made and makes you feel safe in using it . Very sturdy ball , good quality .
 My husband got this ball as an accessory to a workout program he is using . It has served that purpose very well , and also our kids love it . It 's pretty big , so to them it 's the ultimate toy . I 'm happy its anti-burst , and I can see us using it for many years , it is very quality .
 Bought it as a chair -LRB- herniate L5/S1 -RRB- and it may or may not work for that . If not I 'll just use it for PT . At any rate , well packaged , seems tough enough plastic , etc. . . I disagree with those complaining about the pump . It 's better than others I 've had and it only took around 20 minutes to pump the ball . Cheaper versions have jammed up on me and are slow to pump . A bigger , faster pump would be nice of course but for those packaged with stability balls this one is actually decent .
 The GoFit Stability ball is a `` Must Have '' for every seriou Personal Trainer -LRB- PT -RRB- . It is both strong and durable . My clients with extreme weight challenges notice the support of this item immediately and they state how much more secure and confident about performing their exercises with this product instead of other brands . I really makes a diffence . More colors would be a great idea .
 This ball has been a good addition to my home gym , it provides for a good ab workout and is durable and easy to clean .
 They are good for the kids to sit on at the computer or TV , keeps them wiggling instead of potato couching.I 've seen a lot of confusion in the reviews regarding colors . Each size is a specific color . 75cm balls are gray , 65cm are red , 55cm is blue .
 I use this GoFit Ball both as a chair , and as an exercise ball.For each purpose , it has proven to be an excellent product . It is much more durable and sturdy than your average stability ball . When I use the ball for doing push-ups -LRB- with my hands on the ball -RRB- , the ball is supportive and does n't flex too much.I appreciate that the walls are slightly thicker than most exercise balls . It makes the ball feel more substantial , and yet it is still very comfortable to sit on.I would recommend this ball to anyone , and I would n't trade mine for anything .
 I had a 65 cm ball that was too short for me -LRB- 6 ft -RRB- . The 75 cm ball is the right height for me . I love that it keeps me moving while I 'm sitting at my desk . It also provides me with a reason to sneak in some crunches every now and then . It takes a few days to get used to sitting on it , but I think I 've actually lost a little weight in the week or so that I 've been using the ball .
 I have used this ball for 15 months as a desk chair at work . Today is the first time I added air since I first filled it -LRB- though , admittedly I probably should have done it a month ago -RRB- . I kept the included pump at work for this purpose and I 'm a bit disappointed that I managed to break it so I 'll have to find another pump suitable for leaving at work . Not a big deal considering the low price of this ball.As for the ball 's size
 I bought this ball a few weeks ago to replace my office chair . I had heard of the posture -LRB- and toning -RRB- benefits of just sitting on an exercise ball all day , and I have to tell you that it is true ! My back used to ache after a long day at the office sitting in my traditional chair . But with this ball , I feel more energized and can lean back on the ball periodically for an invigorating back stretch . Plus , I can take 5 minutes here and there to get in my daily crunches , push-ups and other exercises . I only have to re-inflate the ball once a week as it holds its air well , even after sitting on it all day.I highly recommend this ball to anyone looking for either a desk chair alternative or just an exercise ball for use in your home gym .
 Best advice
 The ball is great -LRB- I ordered it to replace my office chair -RRB- . I ordered the 75cm , and it is indeed 75 cm -LRB- at full inflation , which I am finding difficult to achieve , since the damn pump has already broken -RRB- . 4 stars because the pump was seemingly made by grumpy people that lack hands or glue . The part of the pump that enters the ball usually stays in the ball -LRB- and breaks away from the main body of the pump -RRB- . So you have to yank that part out -LRB- breaking your fingernails while listening to the whoosh as all of your hard-won pumped air whooshes out of the ball -RRB- . So I have n't actually gotten the ball to full inflation ; I am awaiting delivery of a different -LRB- and hopefully better-made -RRB- pump . I will update when I have had the ball for longer .
 I use it for sitting at the computer desk and for my daily work out . It does what it is designed to do , holds air and projects a round image . The material is of good quality as well . The pump is a little lacking but I used it to fill the ball with no issues . I am 72 '' tall 195lbs and this ball meets my needs .
 I got this ball to use at my cubicle desk instead of my chair , and it 's perfect . I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and the size is great . My feet reach the floor and my hands reach my keyboard.Word of advice
 Positives : - The material . It has a texture and does n't feel cheap . - The exercises printed on the side . Brilliant since I 'm not a hardcore user , as it beats a poster on the wall . - Does n't smell bad like some others say . No greasy feel . - Holds air well . I have the 65cm and pumped it full the first day , then topped a few days later to let it stretch out . It 's been six months now and is going strong.Negatives : - The pump is a cheap hand pump with an adapter that will break someday , but that 's not enough to lose a point . - Careful when buying this , I also bought the 55cm GoFit Exercise Ball from Amazon which is inferior in every way . Cheap material and no exercises printed on it , hence the lower price . However , I liked the foot pump it came with better .
 Good quality and does its job . Unlike some others , my ball does n't seem to leak air . I have had it for almost a year and the amount of air inside it is relatively the same as I put in . Its also a little better quality than the stability balls in my gym . All in all , a good product .
 I purchased a 65 cm . GoFit ball a few months ago to incorporate into my weekly exercise routine , and was impressed with the quality . When I heard about people using them at their work desk , I tried that as well , but I found sitting on the 65 cm . ball was too low -- I felt like my chin was practically at the desk top level . I 'm 5 ' 7 '' , so I was afraid the 75 cm . ball would be too high for my legs to reach the floor comfortably , but I underinflated it somewhat to achieve the perfect balance of height to my desk and feet on the floor.This ball is really heavy duty and should last for many years . A great addition to my home office !
 Luckily I own my company , so I 'm not going to sue myself in the event I fall off of the ball . Make sure your employer is cool with this before you actually bring it to work though!Yes , I agree with everyone here ... using the pump is a PAIN ! I can see how some people could spend 15-30 mins easily pumping away -LRB- and pinching their fingers if they hold the cheap pump incorrectly -RRB- . Lucky for me , I have this electric dust blower that has a nozzle that fits into that hole perfectly , and within 3 mins of high powered inflation , I got the ball to the right size . I 'm about 5 '10 and this ball sits at the right height of my desk -LRB- standard height , just a 4-6 '' taller than the ball itself -RRB- . It 's comfy but be warned , you need to get used to not being able to sit back . I 've been trying to keep my posture as good as possible , but I still slouch from time to time . To keep myself aware , I 'm constantly doing exercises moving around on this thing , sometimes changing posture but it 's keeping me active while I work . My shoulder pain has lessened a bit , surprisingly , and my neck is also not as sore as it usually is . I 'll keep it up and will update my review if anything changes . And if you 're worried about bursting , this thing is quite robust ... the material is thick and i 've been able to put on about 300 lb of weight on this thing -LRB- I have some freeweights at work -RRB- . The burst rating is 2000 lb , but i would n't try that ...
 It is a good equipment for healthy sitting position and exercising . It was a little bit hard to start with it . You will be fine if you leave more time for yourself to get used to it .
 I 'm nearly 6 ' and weigh around 200 lbs and I use this as a chair at my desk at work . It 's great -- high quality , perfect size , and attractive looking . Highly recommend !
 The product is as described and comes with both a hand pump and instructional DVD . The item appears to be of good quality and even has illustrated exercises around the circumference of the ball . I received delivery as described .
 Okay , so I 'm not an exercise enthusiast . I anticipated from the time I bought this ball that it would serve more as a foot rest than an amazing piece of exercise equipment . Ultimately , though , I figured that having the ball around would encourage me to exercise more often than NOT having it around would . Case in point
 My wife and I share this account.I just received two of these today . I had been talking to a coworker about the chair option to go with a stability ball for working at the office . I sit for most of the day -LRB- about 6 hours w/some walking around the office time , bathroom breaks , phone breaks , etc. -RRB- and I wanted to ensure that my posture was squared away . I think I tend to lean in the seat quite a bit , especially when tired . I know I slouch from time to time . Well , I am currently using one of the two balls at home right this minute and it feels pretty good . It seems like it is made out of quality material and it is large enough for me to use at my home desk without a problem . I am 6 ' 2 '' tall and I weigh about 215 right now . I actually had to let some of the air out of the ball as I had blown it up too much and my knees were not at 90 degrees or less , but were slightly wider and I had to use my toes to stabilize my position . After a quick air release adjustment , no problems . I have n't sat on it for any significant length of time as of yet , but I do n't think my backside will be too bothered . I am feeling some discomfort in my middle back area , but I am assuming that is because I am not used to having to stabilize my torso without back support . I suppose you could lose calories with these things , but I will have to research that to figure it out . With the short time I have been on this ball , I can say that it is well built , good for my size , and looks like the picture . I would prefer a black ball or another color , but grey will have to do for now . Maybe I 'll pick up another one from somewhere else that offers a different color . Grey is n't bad , I just prefer black . If nothing else , my kids love it . My oldest wants to use it for exercise and my youngest -LRB- 4 yrs old -RRB- wants to play on it and has been asking to do it since she laid eyes on it . I did a few crunches on it while watching the news tonight . Sometimes I do pushups at work , with the ball that I plan to take to work I have several more exercise options that I can go through at my desk without too much prep time . Mainly I will just stick to pushups and maybe crunches , but those I can vary a bit with the ball and positioning of hands on the floor . I will come back and post an update after I have used the ball for a while and see how it goes . As of right now things are looking pretty sweet .
 Great price , and very fast shipping . The ball was exactly what i was looking for . Unfortunately , the pump broke the first time I used it .
 I am very tall and this ball was the correct height for me . The others I had were either flimsy or were n't high enough to be comfortable to work out on . This worked very well .
 This ball does everything it is supposed to do which is not much other than to be a tough , durable ball . It mainly does n't do what it is n't supposed to do
 i use this ball as a seat at my desk at work becuase you can bounce around whilst listening to music or just to work them abs .
 After having bought a similarly priced stability ball to start P90X2 , I discovered that not all stability balls are created equal ! I noticed the ones on the DVD 's had less give and better stability , and no internal `` weight bag '' . I hunted down all the stability balls I could find , and found the GoFit Professional Stability Ball is nearly identical to the ones they use on the DVD 's . Minus the logos and branding , I would n't be surprised if GoFit supplied them for the videos ! Forget the squishy stability balls and go for this one ... or the size that fits you best according to the recommendations . Amazingly the price is only about $ 6 more than the cheapies !! This is definitely a win-win : - -RRB-
 Good size ball , I 'm 6 ' 5 and it works well . It 's kind of greasy , feels like it has some oil or something on it , not sure why that is . The pump that came with it was a joke . Lucky if you can pump the whole thing up with it before it breaks ... be prepared for it to take an hour to pump up with it too .
 I hurt my back and was out on disability for five weeks ... then to physical therapy . My physical therapist said sitting is the worst thing for one 's back -LRB- I work at a computer all day -RRB- . He recommended that I try sitting on a stability ball at home . I found this one but was n't sure what size to order . I am 5 ' 10 '' and heavy so I thought the 65 cm . one would be a little too small . I got the 75 cm one -LRB- which inflates to a max of 93 inches -RRB- , and this worked perfectly for me . It is very comfortable , although you have to work your way up from just a few minutes at a time to an hour , etc. . You 'll definitely feel it in your muscles when you start . I like being able to bounce while sitting . It was easy to inflate with the hand pump , and I only had to put a little extra air in it one time and that was n't hard at all . I am buying another one for work and highly recommend it to anyone . It feels sturdy and seems like a good purchase for the price so far . Hopefully it will last a good while !
 We just got our second of these balls , the first purchased in March 2008 and one purchased December 2010 . The old ball was the purple as shown and had a BURST rating of 1,200 pounds . The new ball is the red that other reviewers have indicated and has a STATIC load rating of 2,500 pounds . In looking at the GoFit website , it looks like they no longer have a 1,200 lb ball , only the lesser 1,000 static ball and this new 2,500 pound ball . The materials are different as well , the new ball is smoother than the old ball . To me it does n't feel as `` soft '' as the other material . With the older material it did n't feel as much like sitting on a rubber ball as the new material does . It is n't bad , but not quite as nice . It really just looks like a refreshing of the product lines , I just wish that the the color would get officially changed.As for our old ball , our first ball burst on us . We knew that was coming because it had been damaged by one of us or our 2 yr old . Something sharp had obviously stabbed the ball and poked most of the way through at one point , it lasted for about 2 weeks after that . I would recommend you look at your ball every few times it is used to check for damage . We wear street clothes when using it most of the time -LRB- our 2 month old likes the bouncing feel to go to sleep to -RRB- , so we probably had something sharp in a pocket one time and did n't notice.Obviously we were happy with our first ball or I would n't have gotten a second one . I did remove one star for the misleading colors and the new material which we do n't care for as much .
 We got this ball to help with our daughters physical therapy . It was just what we were looking for .
 cant lift 75lb dumbells on this but i can on a bench . 45lbs only right now ... i need to develope my core ... i own this .
 I love this thing . I use it as a desk chair.Normal desk chairs seem to hurt my back anymore and I read several other reviews where people were using this as a desk chair . i was skeptical it could work but its great . Im 5 foot 10 and 240 pounds and it works fine .
 I ordered this ball as a chair replacement for my office . I love it . I move around a lot more , which is great for circulation . I also sneak in a few sit-ups and butt-lifts every chance I get.This ball is sturdy , and has completely replaced my office chair . I think I bought this about 5 months ago -LRB- not sure really -RRB- , but I aired it up only once and have been using it as my chair every since.Totally worth the money .
 The picture does n't show that the ball has exercise poses printed on the ball , around the circumference . I found it esthetically displeasing . It is decently made however , and will be used regardless .
 Just want I wanted . However using the pump they provide may take a while to blow up . I 'd recommend a bicycle pump . Good price and I 'm happy with the ball .
 I have 2 Stability balls . The one I bought last year is plain blue and a little smaller . I needed a second one because my wife wanted to take one to work to use during her off period between classes . Although this one as meant for her it ended up being too big for her . She is 5 ' 2 '' , and I did n't think about size when I ordered it . So I get to keep this one and she gets my old one . I have to say there are only so many ways to improve upon the standard Stability ball , and this seems to have the slight tweaks I did n't even know the ball needed . The ball has these nice raised strips for better body gripping . Yet the ball still feels comfortably smooth . Where the rubber pinched my skin occasional with the older ball ; my legs can roll over this ball and grip just enough to not slip but not so much my leg hairs get tangled and pulled . My favorite feature is the work out diagrams on the ball itself . Even though I received both a video and a booklet with pictures of suggested exercises , I find my self referring to the pictures on the ball . Its convenient that is I want to switch up from my go to regiment , I can just glance over and add one of the balls suggestions to the mix.Now for the reason I gave this only 4 stars.First off if I had a choice I would only take off half a star if I could , but I ca n't so 4 stars it isWhen pumping this ball up the hole is plenty big enough to fit in the hand pump provided . The problem is the hole is so big its a work out in itself attempting to get the plug in before too much air escapes . The first few tries the ball was just barely under my desired firmness . I would love to see a plug that had in its middle a sports ball style rubber needle pump hole that once you got most of the air in you plug it off and finish it off with a needle pump . This is totally nit picking but there just seems to be a better way to do this .
 This is much thicker material than my other stability ball - it feels more stable , if you will . It was worth the extra money . I also like the diagrams of exercises around the side . I mostly use it as an office chair at work , but it gives me ideas for the gym .
 I 've been using it since February . No problems with the ball but they could supply a better pump . About 3/4 way to full inflation it pulled apart at the needle end . Took about 30 minutes to find the small bearing and spring and super glue back together .
 This stability ball was exactly what I needed for strengthing my core back muscles . I have a bulging disc between L4 and L5 in my spine . I sit at a computer multiple hours every day . Since getting the ball , I sit on it while doing computer work . I also do the exercises that are depicted on the ball itself . My back pain has subsided greatly since I have been using this ball . I have used it for 3 weeks .
 I am using this ball at work . It 's just the right size for my desk and office area . The material that the ball is made out of seems thick and durable . The texture is a bit sticky/grabby -LRB- it 's not literally sticky -RRB- so hair and dust sticks to it . I keep some lysol wipes at my desk and just wipe the ball down when needed , so the hair and dust do n't transfer to my pants . If you use this for exercise , there are exercises printed on the ball which is kind of neat . The ball comes with a hand pump . It took me about 15 minutes to inflate , and my arms were a bit sore after . There is a slight off-gassing smell to the material , but it goes away after a couple days . You also get a DVD of exercises and an instruction manual . Overall , I 'm very satisfied and would purchase this brand again if I need another ball or a different size in the future .
 This ball provides a very good Aerobic workout . My doctor recommended it.Good job
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 I just got my Saris Bones 801 in the other day . Installation was a breeze and it fits both my '05 Mercedes and '04 Scion XB perfectly ! Only complaint was that the locking nobs are plastic and it 's easy to strip the threads . I called into tech support -LRB- spoke with Jared -RRB- and they were able to send out a new set free of charge w/out any issues . Ca n't wait to put the new rack to use ! Here 's a pic of it installed
 I bought this rack to halt 2 bikes most of the time , and for this task the rack does a phenomenal job . With 3 bikes however , I find the spacing is a bit tight . I have a Subaru Forester hence it is easy to put the rack at the back without folding it . But for a smaller car folding the rack and expand it again can be a 5 minutes job .
 awesome rack ! very easy to install and very sturdy . the first time i used it i kept checking the bikes in the rearview mirror and they never moved . i even hit some bumps to see how they 'd do and they still were stable . the feet do n't scratch my car 's paint , either . on top of that , it looks cool -LRB- and i 'm so glad i could get it in purple ! -RRB- . great product !
 This is a good bike rack , and for the most part solid . Not rock solid though . Here are some things I came across . First it said that it was not available for my 2000 Maxima SE if it has the spoiler . Almost all Maximas have the spoiler . I had already ordered it , so I contacted someone from where I bought it . They said its ok , you can open it and try it out first . I tried and it worked , it is n't exactly how I would have liked it , but close enough . Problem is the top straps are setup so the buckles lay on the spoiler -LRB- prob why they said no spoiler -RRB- , so I wrapped some foam around them to solve the problem . Also , I noticed one of the thumb locks to tighten one of the arms is n't really tightening that well any more . Seems that if those were stainless the problem would be solved . I might have to try that , not exactly sure how it goes in , and what it goes into . Yes , you have to keep the feet clean or they will scratch . Also , I noticed the arms are n't very good at handling kids bikes . My boys both have 20 '' , but the frames are a little non conventional , so they fit on the first and last positions , leaving the center one to give some room between them -LRB- the cranks get in the way of each other -RRB- . It looks like we are not going to get all of our bikes on at one time , like I hoped . Also , for more `` solidity '' I bungee the front wheel of me RockHopper to the rack so it does n't sway -LRB- and it still sways a little bit -RRB- .
 We bought the , Saris BONES-3 , for our 2oo8 Chevy Malibu . It 's easy to strap to your trunk and load up your bikes . Our main concern with mounting ANY bike rack to our trunk is , their potential to mar the paint-job on our car . The BONES series has big rubber feet and the design is simply , cool !!!
 Sturdy , durable -LRB- so far -RRB- , easy to install and release . Flexible enough to fit most vehicles . I bit pricey . All in all , I really like this bike rack . Yes I 'd recommend .
 Saris Bones bike rack is designed to rest the entire weight of the bike and rack on the rear bumper of your car . So , if you do n't have a rear bumper , it wo n't work . If you do have a rear bumper , it works great.After you get the technique down of placing the top , side and bottom mounting straps around the trunk lid , you can mount and unmount the Saris Bones rack in about 5 minutes.Make sure the bike rack is resting on the bumper before hooking and tightening the holding straps .
 You will not be disappointed with the construction of the bike rack . It 's made from very strong and light material that does n't rust . It fit perfectly on my SUV . I placed 2 bikes on it and drove 70mph on the freeway without a problem . When I stopped to check the bikes , all the tie cables were still tightly fastened and both bikes were in proper placement.There are a couple of downsides however . You might find it difficult to place 3 bikes on there . Also if you own a women 's bike , it will sit on the rack at an angle . When it sits at an angle , it makes it difficult to get the third clamp -LRB- stabilizer -RRB- fastened .
 Overall this is a nice product and a vast improvement over the cheap Sears variety . When borrowing a friend 's `` sears '' type a few years ago I slammed the hatchback and the bike rack smacked me hard on the noggin ... that made me buy a rack where the `` arms '' fold up and out of the way when they are not needed . I 've had mine for a year now.The pros : * Nice flexible design fits most vehicles and the position of the arms is adjustable sideways and with respect to the angle they stick out at . Allows you to move them out of the way after the bikes are off so they do n't whack you on the head when you swing the hatch shut . * Although plastic , the arms are fairly heavy-duty . Hold-down straps and clips that attach the rack to the car are robust . * Fairly nice-looking design * Pretty easy to install the rack onto the car.The cons : * Although the plastic arm and it 's associated smaller components are not cheap , they are still plastic . And they break . You can see swirls -LRB- potential defects ? -RRB- in the plastic molding . Recently I backed into a tree at VERY low speed while parking in a camping spot . -LRB- inches per hour -RRB- and as the tree pushed against the rear-most bike , the force caused the plastic strap and tabs to quickly break off . I do n't think this would have happened with an all-metal construction but this is certainly just an opinion . Without impact the assembly probably would be fine for years . * If you have two or three bikes to mount on the rack , depending on the configuration and sizes of the frames , you can really struggle to get the last one or two on . Pedals and handlebars start hitting each other , the straps start interfering with the frame you are attempting to put on , the spacing that worked for the first bike frame is not quite right for the second frame ... you get the picture . You eventually get them all on but it 's not an effortless process until you REALLY figure out EXACTLY how your particular bikes must be arranged . It can prompt creative language that children probably should not hear . * The tie-down straps that hold the bikes to the frame are fairly robust but they are a bit awkward too - requiring two hands to operate and sometimes being tricky to `` unclip '' especially if you have to get your hand twisted into onto the frames to get access to the clip . You push the release button with your thumb but then you have to retract the strap with your other hand and it 's just not that smooth or effortless . A small point-nonetheless - it affects the experience . However , they will certainly not break while en-route . They are pretty tough . * KEEP IN MIND - As with ANY hatch/trunk-mounted rack :1 You can not easily or safely open the hatch once the bikes are mounted . Presents difficulty on road trips when you need to get into the hatch for diapers , snacks or other important items . Plan carefully .2 . The rack can interfere with rear wipers . If the wipers hit the rack mounts and can not travel normally , the wiper motor/controls CAN and WILL burn-out . Happened on my Subaru . Even though you know you should not operate the rear wipers , sooner or later , SOMEONE DOES . And there go your wipers . About a $ 300 job on my Subaru.Overall a nice product but could use some improvements .
 I have always been skeptical of trunk mounted bike racks until I saw a friend who had one . After using it for a couple of times , I decided to buy one myself . This is a great bike rack , easy to attach to your car , sturdy and rust resistant -LRB- plastic and Aluminum -RRB- . It holds the bike very securely and will not cause any scratches when using multiple bikes . Great value as well !
 Before buying this product , I viewed the installation video , just to make sense of the design . I purchased the 2-bike model , which has a single support that rests on the trunk , and 2 supports on the bumper . I mounted it quickly on my passat . I made a short test run , and found it stable , and easily unmouted , and remounted . I had no problem dismounting it , and rotating the arms to store in the trunk , while I rode . Even though my recumbent bike has a different frame , I was able to adjust to carry the bike , although more fiddling would be required to carry 2 bikes .
 Why this isnt designed to ratchet for adjustment is beyond me but once you do get it fitted it is nice . I use this for 2 mountain bikes and works well , i would advise buyers to purchase the wheel strap or at least some bungee cords or the bike wheels will move in transit and could damage your car . Also if you have a hatch back pick up some pipe insulation to wrap around the metal pull tight latches or you will mess up your car pretty bad , not a fault of the product just a hazard of hooking this type of item to a car .
 Very practical , solid . Not the quickest to install or take off , but very easy to use . Good quality materials and workmanship .
 These is the best looking trunk mount rack in the market and very stable and secure . I bought the green color rack and they looks nice on my sedan . I was also using it on my Lexus RX300 -LRB- year 2000 -RRB- which does not have an integrated spoiler . Overall , I am happy with the product and here are some positive point . - Very stable if it is well mounted and secure - If you are able to load 3 bikes , it is very stable - I have mounted single bike and driven 65 mph on freeway and this is very secure - No wind noise and very easy to mount and removeCons - It is challenging to put 3 bikes but 2 bikes is ok but you might scratch your bike - If you rest the bottom leg on the rear bumper , it might dent and scratch your car - The strap are good but they scratch my car paint - Even the legs scratch the paint work but not serious - You can not mount a Full Suspension bike which has small frame - No way you can mount a kids bikeI used it for over a year but finally I sold it at Craiglist when I upgraded to Thule Roof Rack .
 This is a great bike rack . This rack holds 3 bikes as promised . I would recommend this item to anyone with bikes .
 AS of know I use this product for the las two week and it 's work perfectly . I recomend this product .
 The Saris Bones 3 is a great product - it got the build and the lookSaris Bones 801 3-Bike Trunk Mount RackThe Saris trunk mount rack is very easy to set on any car trunk it is designed so it will not scratch the car once it is mounted it will hold 3 bikes easily and will keep them secured.It feels very solid and the rack is looks great
 proeasy to mount and easy to move to another vehiclesolid with no wiggle during drivinglooks like it came with vehiclecon3rd bike position appears to add excessive bending moment to mountstrap buckles take a lot of effort to attach and removedoes not compact easily for storagestill need two other straps to prevent wheels from turning
 I liked it 's styling , but function is more important . I 'm pleased to report that it works well . It 's easy to mount , and is stable while on the highway ! This was a smart and successful purchase !
 The trunk rack is very sturdy , very stable and pleasant in appearance . It is very easy to mount on the trunk and very easy to remove and store in its original box . The bikes attach easily and very securely with little motion during hiway speeds .
 Have n't had this rack for too long , but it was great the first time I used it . Take a quick look at the directions and the set-up is pretty easy ; observe the way the rack is supposed to sit on your-type vehicle , read the direction of the hooks -LRB- top , side , bottom/bumper -RRB- , latch the hooks , tighten , and load . Pretty simple . I have this mounted to a Mazda CX-7 . Took about 5 minutes.I carried 2 road bikes @ about 45 mph . No wavering on turns . Very solid . On the way home I carried 1 road bike @ 70 mph for about 15 miles . I kept looking back to see if it would shake or move . The rack never moved and the bike stayed tightly strapped.Center pivoting tube is made from light -LRB- er -RRB- aluminum & arms are made of what seems a sturdier weave-type plastic . It 's light and easy to carry .
 I have used this on the back of my Civic for 3 years now and it is the BEST truck mount rack you can buy . The plastic is strong and solid . The only issue is the little plastic screws that are for the arms are pretty weak but with the lifetime warranty I have called Saris twice and they sent them out to me promptly twice when they have worn out .
 The Saris Bones may be pricey for a trunk mount bike rack , but you get what you pay for . This rack is well built , relatively easy to install and fits on a wide range of vehicles . We have a sedan and SUV in our household , and it fits great on both . I also have a friend with a truck , and it even fits on the tailgate . Very versatile design.The center of the design is an aluminum tube frame with gear-like ribs that the arms slide onto . The ribs extend 360 degrees around the tube , making for unlimited adjustment of the mount arms and bike carrier arms . The arms lock into place with a simple thumbwheel . The bikes are secured with plastic straps . There are two for the top tube , and one for the seat tube . They do a great job of holding the bike in place , even over rough roads . The nylon straps that attach to the trunk or back door have rubber coated metal clips that wo n't mar your paint . The mount arms have large rubber feet that rotate to fit flat on your vehicle and also wo n't mar your paint.We 've already used this rack for a 500 mile road trip with two adult bikes attached . The rack and the bikes stayed in place perfectly , at high speed , over rough roads , etc. . One suggestion to keep the front tire from rotating while driving is to wrap a bungee cord through the front wheel , and hook it to the sprocket . This will keep everything in place while driving.The price may seem a bit high compared to other trunk mount racks , but the Saris Bones is well worth the money .
 I 've used many trunk racks . Most of them have rubber straps that hold the bike to the rack , with holes in the strap to adjust their tightness . Inevitably , what happens is the strap is too loose -LRB- insecure -RRB- in one hole , and too tight -LRB- wearing out the rubber -RRB- in the next . And they dry rot . The Saris , on the other hand , uses a plastic , ratcheting strap that allows small , precise adjustment to tightness . It feels very secure . The metal core of the rack is aluminum , so it wo n't rust . The attachment straps run through the center of the core , which would make replacing them very easy . They also have metal cams , so getting them nice and tight is very easy . No more threading the strap through awkward plastic buckles , pulling hard to try to tighten them down . The legs of the rack are some kind of molded plastic , and despite their lightness , seem pretty strong . Instead of the crummy foam pads on many racks , the Saris uses a plastic or hard rubber pad at all surfaces that touch the car . I do n't know how well they will wear , but they seem better than the foam . I also like the fact that the rack is made in the United States.The only real downsides are common to most trunk racks :1 - No lock.2-Bikes are pretty close to each other , and can rub against each other or have clearance issues.3-the straps press any top-tube cables against the frame of the bike , and could cause wear .4 - While the arms can move closer or further apart from each other -LRB- very useful , and unique ! -RRB- , it still could be hard/impossible to attach some ladies or rear-suspension bikes .5 - A certain amount of fussing with bungees and/or pads may be needed with multiple bikesI 've used the Saris with 2 large mountain bikes , and it felt comfortable and solid . I 'm not sure if I would recommend putting 3 large mountain bikes on it , but it would probably be fine . Road bikes should n't be an issue at all .
 I 've tried all kinds of bike racks over the years - including a very expensive Thule roof rack -LRB- do n't even get me started -RRB- - and this one is hands down the best of them all . It is easy to set up , easy to adjust , and easy to put it on or take it off your car . It stays in place , holds the bike securely , and best of all , it holds the bike away from the car so it wo n't smash against your trunk or bumper and damage your car . I use mine all the time on my sedan and on my minivan and I 've never had any trouble with it at all . All it takes is a simple adjustment to make it fit either vehicle perfectly .
 Easy initial set up . Attaches easy . Sturdy . Works well on Honda Fit . But can easily be adjusted to hatch-backs as well as trunks . Good-to-go
 I did a lot of shopping around before making this purchase and I was not disappointed . On a recent 700-mile road trip , our two bikes were safe and secure ; they never shifted nor slid despite rain , high winds , and lots of passing trucks . Bravo Bones !!
 I purchased this bike rack about 2 weeks ago and I love it . It took a little while to mount it the first time but once I got that down I can now mount it to my 2010 Prius in a fraction of the time . I was looking for something specifically for the Prius and came across this model . All of the good reviews about this bike rack are spot on . It 's good looking , easy to mount and everything works as it should . I am very happy with this product and while it cost more than I had anticipated paying for a bike rack I 'm glad I spent the extra money because I know I have a good product .
 A friend of mine has used this rack for years and loves it , so I purchased one for my fiance 's '09 Honda CR-V . Saris ' fitment guide does n't list the Bones 3 as fitting a Honda CR-V , but the rack is adjustable enough that it 'll fit just about any vehicle . The arms of the Bones are constructed of PVC which are attached to an aluminum cross member which is notched to accept the teeth on the arms , giving the Bones alot of flexibility and adjustment options . The installation instructions are n't well-detailed , but it was easy to figure out how to install to my vehicle . The Bones comes pre-assembled , but you have to position the arms , which I did on a floor before attaching to the vehicle , rather than trying to do this while attached to the vehicle . The top and side clips went on fine , but the bottom of the hatch on the CR-V has a wide lip , so I had to modify the lower clip to keep it from slipping off under tension . I 'd read that certain vehicles with narrow gaps for the clips , including the CR-V , require Hatch Huggers -LRB- a $ 20 option -RRB- , but I did n't need them . While I think my Thule Expressway Hitch Rack is better quality , and the 6 straps on the Bones detract from its otherwise stylish appearance , the Bones does the trick . Given the materials it 's constructed of , I expect the Bones will last for a very long time , I do , however wonder how long the plastic tie downs and plastic knobs will last . I 'm overly concerned about my $ 4k bicycle falling out of the rack , so I tend to want to overtighten the knobs to keep the arms from moving -LRB- there 's a little play in them -RRB- . Eventually , the platic knobs and/or the threads on the arm of the Bones will strip . The Bones carries a lifetime warranty by Saris , so I do n't anticipate a problem getting replacement parts . Time will tell . For now , my fiance and I are happy with it .
 It was a little tricky to get the angles correct on the legs . Once it is set up correctly the rack is easy to take on and off . While I do n't think there is a better way to protect the paint , the rubber feet will eventually leave marks on the paint . Dirt can get under them and cause damage . I recommend using paint protection clear mask tape . Some race shops offer it in rolls . The color would be better a little darker.I would recommend this and buy it again .
 Received product in a timely matter and was pretty basic to install . I would definitely recommend this to others . When you are not using this , it is compact enough to store in your trunk without taking up too much space .
 Looks like a nice rack ; too bad they did n't make it clear that it DOES NOT FIT THE 2011 Honda Odyssey before I ordered the rack and had to send it back . The plastic faring on the top of the rear hatch is the problem .
 We needed a rack to fit a Honda Civic with the big trunk mounted wing type spoiler . The Saris was the only mfr . that I found could do this.The Bones rack has a lot of thoughtful built in accessories including 2 cross tube tie downs as well as a down tube strap for 3 bikes . Very stable and secure . I still use a separate strap for keeping the wheels from spinning , but I 'd trust this setup for distance and cross country . It 's a winner !
 I purchased a Saris bike rack from a review I had read . I bought because the reviewer stated how good Saris ' Customer Service was . It was true about the Customer Service . I had just purchased the rack and I did a dumb thing of putting the rack on the trunk and then went and opened the trunk . I had not attached the straps so when the trunk opened the rack fell off the car and cracked the third bike saddle . I was sick about my dumb mistake having just purchased and now breaking the rack . I called Customer Service and they worked with me to get new arms at their cost . I strongly recommend Saris as the rack is awesome and the Customer Service is OUTSTANDING .
 I bought the 3-bike Saris Bones model after reading a number of reviews online . I love the way it looks on my car -LRB- a 2008 Subaru WRX -RRB- , and it easily clears the wing on the trunk . Some people have complained that the feet make indentations on the bumper , but I can only imagine this is caused by people not mounting the rack correctly as I 've found that most of the stability comes from the straps , not necessarily from the feet . I have done a few 500 + mile road trips with one bike , and made a 100 + round trip with 3 bikes on the rack with no marks or indentations on the car . The rack performs well at above-average speeds . Adjusting the rack is very simple , and it is easy to fold down and stow when not in use - it even fits inside the car without taking up too much space if I need it to!My only qualm is a little one - I wish the straps were connected to the rack on the inside so that they stayed centered on the rack - if you pull too hard on one side , it 'll leave the the straps on the other side too short !
 This is a great rack . Works on most sedans and SUVs . Well made , very stable , and looks good . Folds almost flat for easy storage . Holds bikes securely . My only negative comment is the anti-sway strap and rest are on the side of the bike and their placement is not a good fit for the geometry of out bikes . Otherwise the rack is first rate and well designed .
 Like everyone said , it 's worth every penny . It 's easy to adjust and mount . I have a 2005 Volvo S40 and it mounts great . THe first time is going to take a while . After that , I can put it up in less than 2 minutes . I would get the 3-bike mount even if you only have two bikes -LRB- better separation between bikes -RRB- . The only thing about these racks is that they can easily be stolen if you leave it mounted in a parking lot , so you have take it off and put in your trunk . The same goes for the bikes if you take them on long trips and decide that you might want to make a long pit stop . Otherwise , this is one of the best ones out there .
 I bought this after a cheap rack dented the back clamshell door of my Honda Element due to too much bike movement and loosening tie downs . I borrowed a friend 's 3 bike Saris to check the fit on the E and for my racing mountain bikes and loved it . It 's easy to assemble and the tie downs crank down tight on the E without any scuffs or damage . I had 3 bikes loaded on it and there was very little movement , even when going 75mph for 400 miles each way . Rack accommodates a range of bikes -LRB- some easier than others -RRB- ; I loaded 2 dual suspension bikes and a big beach cruiser with a little bit of engineering . Construction is great , materials are quality . Well worth the investment . This rack should last forever .
 After shopping around and looking at recommended `` Thule '' and `` Yakima '' bike racks , I `` m very happy to have purchased this `` Saris '' Bones 3 bike rack for so much less.Traveled over 50 miles at highway speed with no problems . Amazon offered the best price ... local retail stores wanted 60 bucks more !
 No doubt the best choice for adaptability and ease of use . It will fit most SUVs , cars etc. it simply adjust to your needs . I have the three bike carrier and use it frequently to transport our bikes safely . I have a VW Jetta & this even fits in the trunk fully assembled . Great product which I higly recommend .
 Google the reviews of this rack and be impressed . No worries about corrosion or rust . Very stable . I got the 3 bike rack even though I have 2 bikes just to make sure I had enough room between the bikes . Easy to install , but one caveat - make sure you do NOT tighten the locking knobs for each leg too tightly or you will strip them and they will be a little loose - not a huge problem , but for peace of mind you want them snug and not loose.I can also say this for Saris - EXCELLENT customer service . I called to get some replacement knobs , and an extra stabilizer strap since my bike is an oddball and needed an extra length of strap to secure the seat-post tube . I was expecting -LRB- and had no problem with -RRB- paying for these items . Guess what ? No charge - very nice and quick shipping .
 Good , solid rack for shorter trips . After the first time you install it , it becomes very easy to install and remove -LRB- 3 to 4 minutes to install and less than 1 minute to remove -RRB- . On a sedan you can leave it on , but on a SUV you have to take it off to get access to the back . The instruction talks of S-Hooks , but the two I 've bought do not have S-hooks , which makes it harder to remove the hooks after installation . If you want to take your bikes across country look at hitch-racks . Also , when I bought this rack there was one other review in this space and it was negative . 3 days later and that review has been removed !! It would leave a bad taste in my mouth if I thought Amazon was removing negative reviews just to sell more products .
 I purchased this rack to use on a new PRIUS . Works as it should . Lightweight , well padded and strong . Carried two bikes without a hitch -LRB- pun -RRB- . No problems with the padded feet on the rear glass .
 After much time spent looking at my options -LRB- I drive a 2001 Honda Accord 2-door with a ridiculously short trunk -RRB- , it became painfully obvious that my only options were the Saris Bones or a roof rack.I decided to go with Saris because it was significantly less expensive and when I changed cars it would be a sure thing that the Saris would work.The Bones system arrived disassembled , but putting it together was a snap . The instructions were almost unnecessary , but should you find yourself confused , just head over to -LSB- ... -RSB- and look for the video on how to put it together.The main piece of the Saris system is an aluminum cylinder with ridges . The ridges basically determine the height of the clearance and the travel distance for the rack . For example , if you have a spoiled on your trunk , you adjust the base accordingly and a standard rear spoiler can be easily bypassed.The base arms and the arms that carry the cycles are made of some kind of plastic composite . Personally , I think that the composite is kind of lame and it does n't inspire a lot of confidence -LRB- because of this I 've not tried carrying three bike -RRB- . I did , however , carry two bikes a number of times without any issues . If Saris ever makes an all aluminum system I 'll be all over it.There are three straps that tie the system down and they fit my car without any trouble . The Saris also includes bike straps on the carrying arms , as well . They are well made and easy to use.The reason the Saris bones system is so easy to use is because it is extremely flexible . You can adjust the height of the clearance AND you can adjust the horizontal travel of the support arms , which comes in handy if you have a bike with weird geometry.The only caveat is the plastic composite of the arms . I will reiterate that so far they have held steady and nothing has broken , but the system would rock so hard if the arms were made of aluminum . Perhaps there is a reason other than cost associated with the existence of the composite arms -LRB- maybe the weight of the bikes would help strip the screw taps , or scratch the bikes -RRB- . But if cost is the primary reason then I beg Saris to consider building an all aluminum system as it would become the best bike carrying system on the market.Last but not least - one of my screws arrived stripped -LRB- they are also made of plastic -RRB- but I contacted Saris to ask where i could buy replacement screws . Their support said not to sweat it and that they would mail me two screws . Three days later I got the screws . Saris has a customer for life
 This rack is an excellent piece of gear for those who do n't have a trailer hitch on their vehicle and who need a sturdy rack which can be relied upon to keep their bikes stable , even on long drives at speed . The 6 straps really keep this thing tight against the car . I just drove 1000 miles at 75 with two bikes on the back and it performed flawlessly . The only issue i found was having to take the front wheels off the bikes to fit them in opposing directions . If you use the first and third mounts , this is not necessary , but for the longer distance of a trip , i 'd recomment the staggered 1 and 2 positions to even out the weight distribution . If you do n't take off the fronts , at least one handgrip will stick in the back wheel of the other bike , which can lead to bent or broken spokes . Also , the lower straps should be readjusted after the rack has its full load on it since the bikes will push the rack down and add slack to those straps . This rack though is a great way to move my bikes confidently and still have complete useability of my trunk and the option to take the thing off in only a couple of minutes . Dont waste your money on inferior racks !!! There is a reason a rack costs 50 and another 150 , it is the quality of the build and confidence in the product . Do n't take the chance to damage your bike , car and put the drivers around you at risk with a cheap rack .
 I just recently took up bike riding and purchased this rack at a local bike shop about 7 months ago . I am highly satisfied with this rack ! I was really nervous at first about using a trunk mounted rack to haul around my brand new bike -- it just did n't seem secure at all , but I have definitely changed my mind ! My bike and rack have withstood my high speed , crazy driving and the bumpy roads of my city without fault . I 'm still cautious , and try to check my straps whenever I stop , which everyone should do , but I 'm not constantly looking in the rear view worried my bike is going to fall into the road anymore . It has proven to be very stable and dependable.This rack is also super easy for even an impatient and mechanically UNinclined person like myself to install and use.The real plus is the EXCELLENT customer service I received today from the company . A couple of my critters chewed up the mounting straps , so I gave the company a call to find out where I could pick up some more . Not only was the customer service rep extremely friendly and polite , but she gave me the straps free of charge , no questions asked ! These people really back up their lifetime warranty ! I am very impressed with this company and the rack .
 So I bought this rack a few months ago . After doing plenty of research on the various rack options for my Jetta Sportwagen , -LRB- roof racks , hitch racks , trunk racks -RRB- I ended up with the Saris.I went with the 3 bike as opposed to the 2-bike for no reason whatsoever , except I knew there might be a day where putting 3 bikes on would be nice . It has 2 upper and 2 lower bracing points , as opposed to 2 lower and only 1 upper joint for the 2-bike setup.So far , I have only used this for my road bikes . Multiple trips -LRB- ~ 30 miles or so -RRB- with just one road bike . It has worked flawlessly . Took me about 15 minutes to initially set it up on my wagon . The great thing about the Saris is the flexibility of the design . I have it mounted so that I can still open up the hatch when it is attached . That is a big plus for me , as I haul stuff around quite a bit and need access to my cargo area.This past weekend I put the Saris to the test . 3 road bikes , 600 miles of high speed -LRB- 75 + mph -RRB- highway driving , bad roads , and gusting winds.Putting the Bones on the car once it is adjusted correctly is a breeze . 3-5 minutes at most . I tie a few of the longer straps together in a bow to keep them from whipping around during the drive.Three bikes was no problem for the Saris . With a bike on the last mount -LRB- farthest from the bracing -RRB- I did notice the arms flex slightly in the wind with the weight of the bikes . This is going to happen with any plastic material like the arms are constructed with . But it was slight enough that I never worried about my expensive frames crashing to the road into a billion pieces . So many parts would have to fail simultaneously for anything to ever happen to the rack.I would recommend this rack to anyone who needs a small , lightweight , and removable bike rack . The price is a little higher than other racks , but it is worlds better . You get what you pay for .
 The Saris Fit Guide -LRB- on their website -RRB- recommends the Sentinel for a 2004 Prius - the Bones is not mentioned . So I bought a Sentinel . The fit was horrible and it was flimsy . I saw here on Amazon that someone had used a Bones on his Prius , so I tried one . It fits perfectly , it is very sturdy , it 's easy to install and remove , and I even think it 's possible to open the hatch with it installed -LRB- though I have n't actually tried that yet -RRB- . The Bones is a bit more expensive than some other models , but it is definitely worth it .
 This was the third rack I tried on my Prius . Although , it does n't specifically say it will work , online reviews on the prius boards made me believe this was the best choice and it was . Simple to use , great website with video so its impossible to make a mistake . A part was broken when I recieved my rack , called Saris and they immeadiately put a replacement as well as 2 spares in the mail . Have only used with 2 bikes but it works great & looks awesome on my red car .
 This is a great product . Made in the USA-how many companies can make this claim these days ? I highly recommend this product and the other products from this company .
 I love everything about the Saris Bones -- especially the bright red that matches my car ! -- except the metal clamps that clip onto the trunk at 6 points . There 's bound to be a better way to keep them from scratching the paint than my solution of wrapping them in Saran Wrap . Otherwise , it 's easy to mount , holds the bikes securely , and did i mention it matches my car perfectly ?
 fast , easy and really great purchased .2 simple steps and 2 days after , the Saris Bones was at my place .
 I like using it . Only complaint is the straps to synch your bike are way too long and get in the way
 I 've used the bike rack 3 times since I got it . It 's very easy to mount and the bikes have not fallen off ! LOL It seems to be well made but it is expensive . I 'd give it 5 stars if I had more experience with it , the price were lower , and it came with straps to secure the front bike wheel from moving .
 Product was great . Very sturdy . I had a hard time getting the product secure on the car with the bikes mounted . Thought I had it right but as I started to drive the arms that rest on the window kept moving and lifting off the window going only 35 mph . I ended up taking it off and vacationing without the bikes :--LRB- because I could n't imagine going 65 mph on the highway with wind and rain ! The rack itself is very strong and secure , I must have not had the rack tight enough or the bike arm high enough to counterbalance the weight . I did position the bike arm so the bikes were perpendicular ... I also could n't see my license plate when the bikes were mounted.Overall I was disappointed with the results but do n't want to contribute it to the product itself ... lots of factors were involved .
 A somewhat last minute piece of my Daughters birthday present . Arrived quickly and exactly as sold.This works great on my 2006 Toyota Prius even thought the website suggests not to . The key is to put a little bit of foam around the two straps that touch the painted part of the car and you 're good to go ! I have had no damage to my car or paint and have used all three bike holders thus far .
 We saw this rack in the store , but as usual did an amazon price check ... and as usual amazon was cheaper :-RRB- and in pink!We love this rack ! , it 's simple to put on , and it 's wonderful for our hybrids as the frames are different sizes , the adjustable limbs on this makes it a custom fit for each bike . This is very handy when your driving across states with the bikes : -RRB-
 I bought this rack to attach to my Audi A3 hatchback . It goes on and off very easily . One of the nylon straps became severed during the first outing . I think the strap was rubbing against the metal tube that runs horizontally on the rack . I e-mailed the customer service department at Saris and they sent a replace set of straps at no cost in a matter of days . I was very pleased with the company 's responsiveness.I 've not had any problems with this rack , and it works perfectly for what I need . I recommend that people be careful when tightening the straps so that they do n't come in direct contact with the metal support tube . Otherwise , it 's a great product .
 This is very good for people looking for a great rack to use for your bikes , It fitts great on my car . One problom i had was that it 's a pain having to put the bikes on , because it does n't fit three 20 inch BMX bikes as well as i thought it would but they will fight once you put a little elbow greese to it . But It 's all good !
 Great product . Some bike frames can be a bit of a challenge with any bike rack but a little creativity never hurts .
 This rack is what you need . It 's stable and comfortable . It 's expensive , but it 's worth it .
 The Saris Bones is a good bike rack . I 'm sure other racks fit bikes much more easily than this one , but this rack is perfect for my car with a trunk spoiler . Mountain bike fits pretty snug and it is a squeeze but it gets the job done . Road bike fits much better .
 I was introduced to the Saris Bones Bicycle through Saris 's Website , never seen one in real life , until I received it . The Video Saris has on their website sold me . My car has a rear spoiler and the Saris rack fits perfect.Fabulous Product !! Saris Bones 801 3-Bike Trunk Mount Rack
 Product arrived in perfect condition and incredibly fast . However , the rack is not intended for most mountain bikes ... mainly racers . It took a lot of manipulating to get my bike to stay put on the rack ... regardless , it worked and I was grateful for the rack since it transported our bikes over 900 miles .
 Recieved this product in a timely fashion . Setup takes a little bit of time to get it right . I used the rack to carry 3 bikes from Ohio to Cape Cod without difficulty and it held up very well . Just be careful to watch your head when you shut the trunk if it is attached to a van .
 This is exactly what I wanted . It 's easy to install on the car and holds 3 adult size bikes perfectly . This is an excellent product !
 A wonderful product with high quality materials . I received the unit in 2 days with standard shipping . Could n't have asked for much more !
 The bike rack fit very well over the wing of my car . We had a hard time finding one to fit and that was sturdy . This one was built very well and the bikes never moved while on the rack.Only problem
 My wife and I used this to take our bikes 500 miles round trip . The bikes stayed put and there were no issues with sway . I have also used it for local trips around town . It folds up or down in just a couple of minutes . There a little stickers to mark the settings you use so you do n't have to start from scratch everytime . The rack is designed fit any vehicle even ones with spoilers . The only complaint I had was the bikes blocked my rearview . I believe that would be a problem with any rack and a car my size . I highly recommend this item .
 We purchased it as last hope to carry 3-bikes w/o hitch option . The expectations were very low . We got it on clearance for very good price $ $ , but it lacked any manual . After ~ 15 mins we figured it out and installation was completed . Now we needed to fit 2 mountain bikes -LRB- L -RRB- and 1 road bike -LRB- XL -RRB- . First time , we mounted bike so lower strap secures `` down tube '' . I had to remove pedals from middle mountain bike to get all bikes on the rack , but it was bad setup as bikes were rubbing against each other . On the way back , we switched position of the bikes 180 % so lower strap secures `` seat tube '' of the bikes with all bike pedals kept vertical . What a surprise ! All bikes fit like a glove , no rubbing or contact . Now we do not need to worry about expensive FUJI road bike getting scratched.Besides , the bike carrier `` bone '' is collapsible when not in use and we found it significantly lighter , even vs. 2 bike rack we had before . Very happy with this rack.The only recommendation is to use straps to secure steering wheel to the frame , so it does not wiggle during transport . Good luck cycling !
 I am happy with this rack but suprised by it . It is totally unquie is every way . I knew is was high impact plastic but the whole setup was different is every was . One can have the legs or arm at different hights which helps for many odd sized bikes . It will go over a spoiler and it can also fold up nicely . I am really please with this purchase .
 The best advice
 This is one of those products that makes you wonder about the guys that made it because they did such a good job . I 've had several bike racks over the years and none , until this one , has been completely satisfactory . The problem is usually that they do n't sit firmly enough on the car and so the bikes wobble somewhat when you drive.The Saris Bones rack sits like a rock on your car and it holds your bike -LRB- s -RRB- firmly . It has an ingenious adjustment mechanism so you can make it fit your car just right , but you can also collapse it quickly when you need to put it away -- but it 's also pretty easy to remount.There are concave pads on the arms on which to place your bike . There are straps on the arms and they ratchet down so they hold tight . There are cinch straps top and bottom , but also left and right to help with stabilization.This rack is so well-designed that people stop to check it out .
 I bought it mostly due the cheap price . But it is a very soft and nice looking blanket .
 Excellent item and a must purchase to all small boat/pwc owners - makes attaching the boat buckle to your trailer very easy without the need to get brackets made up or even carry out welding .
 I 'm glad I bought this mounting kit with the G2 buckle pack as mounting without them would have been a nightmare . I really did n't want to have to drill holes in my jet ski trailer to fit it .
 I love these boat buckles - we have a set on a bass boat and a bigger saltwater fishing boat -LRB- the stainless ones -RRB- . I highly recommend these over the old ratcheting tie down style that are inevitably a big pain .
 One of the transom tie downs was n't fastened right and fell off while transporting the boat . I bought these so I 'd never have to worry about it again . They were hassle free to install and are absolutely wonderful . I 'd recommend them to everyone ! The mounting kit worked great as well .
 This made the installation of my BoatBuckle tie-downs easy on my trailer . Without them I would have had to make my own brackets .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 Works great , great deal on a quality rod , been surf fishing 24 yrs , no tax & free shipping . What else could u ask for . Brett corpus christi tx
 My husband is so happy with his fishing pole , this was he 's Valentine s gift
 I bought this fishing pool for my boyfriend . Luv it that it was free shipping & a very good price for the great quality of the pole . My boyfriend loves it , it 's light weight and he caught 4 good size papio . Thank you AmaZon for ur great prices , product , & free shipping .
 My first fishing gear purchase with Amazon was a Lamiglas Surf King 11 footer Medium Heavy Action rod , which I paired with a Penn Sargus SG7000 Spinning Reel - loaded with a Berkley Trilene 17lb test line . My second purchase was an Akuma Longitude 9 footer Heavy Action rod , which I paired with a Penn Sargus SG6000 Spinning Reel - loaded with a Power Pro 20lb braided line.I 've used them both to Surf fish for Dungeness crabs , rigged with a home made crab snare and a 5oz weight . The Akuma rod performance was better than the Lamiglas when I reeled in the crabs . I had a faster retrieve and less tiring on the arms/hands . I guest , this difference between the medium heavy and heavy action rod.With this experience - I have ordered the Okuma LC-S 1102H-1 rod , which I will pair with an Okuma Avenger ABF 50 Graphite Bait Feeder Reel.The craftsmanship for both rods is equally the same - GREAT !!! Deserved five stars , but I will recommend the Okuma rods , since it 's a better buy - COST LESS .
 An excellent product . I was unfamiliar with this brand of watch prior to purchase and have no regrets . The watch is extremely well built and a first rate product . Would highly recommend to anyone seeking a well made dive watch .
 Very nice watch !! Well worth the low price . Watch has a very solid feel to it , and is well made.The Momentum by St. Moritz Watch Corporation , has some of the best customer service I have experienced . They treat you great no matter if you buy a $ 100 watch or $ 500 watch .
 I bought this watch because it 's very stylish and I wanted a back up bottom timer for diving . The watch itself keeps great time and also has an approximate 5 year battery life from the manufacture . The bezel is easy to turn and the build quality is very solid . Water resistance and watch quality is rated within the ISO 6425 standard I called Momentum myself to check this before I actually got in the water with it . I 've personally been down to 82 ' with this watch with zero problems and it glows very well in low light situations in my opinion . Just remember if you 're swimming or diving with this watch be sure that the crown is screwed down all the way before you get into the water . The only thing that I consider a flaw with this product is the `` natural rubber '' bands themselves . Do n't get me wrong they 're great quality bands however the natural rubber will start to dry out and crack over time . Momentum does offer replacement rubber bands from their website for $ 30 plus S&H . They also offer nylon and stainless steel bands but I went to the local drug store and bought an $ 8 velcro band for super cheap and it works just the same . In case you were wondering the band size is 18mm . The price is also very good considering the quality . I just wish it was an automatic movement so I would n't have to send the watch to the manufacture for a battery change to ensure the water resistance .
 UPS took a while to get the watch delivered but was impressed when I opened the box . At first I thought it was a woman 's dive watch , it 's more like a unisex watch IMO . The face is rather small compared to the massive dive watch faces that are made today , but it 's still very readable as I am older . The strap is extremely long like it should be because it should be able to fit over a wet suit . I highly recommend this watch for any man or woman , if you 're a man like I said you may initially think the watch face is too small and womanly but on further wear you 'll probably like it a lot !
 Its a great watch for one with a smaller wrist . I have the Storm which has served me well since 1996 -LRB- which i hope they can repair , with a new batterry -RRB- . I wear it every day doing heavy duty Construction Reno 's after my years of Diving . These are serious watches -LRB- whether diving/swimming or doing serious outdoor activities -RRB- . An active outdoor guy watch
 When I saw this product , I knew I had to have it . I had it sitting in my wish list for months before deciding to go ahead and indulge myself . I do n't even use it much because it 's just too pretty -LRB- and I mostly use these sorts of knives for opening boxes and the like -RRB- , but when I have used it I have been very pleased . It is very lightweight but very sturdy , and the blade is quite sharp . I am really glad I bought this product , even if I treat it as more of a collector 's item than anything - though it is a very handy , very well-made product .
 These jeans are great . they may not be super tight when you first put them on , but wash them a few times and they will get tighter . They 're super comfortable , and really good for skating . Plus , they have a boot cut fit , so if you have hi top skate shoes like me , they look great with them .
 I bought these cards for my son . He is a big Oakland Raiders fan and he loves them . The quality of the cards is good . Basically , what you see is what you get .
 I had looked all over the place for this item and could only find it here for a reasonable price . I had seen them online but no golf shop carried them . They really are a great tool for helping get control of your shots . So you ca n't drive them 400 + yards , but they show you how you are hitting and chipping wrong and then you can compensate . Great training aid .
 Great Product that I 've used before so I knew that I would be satisfied in that department . The package itself did not take the 5-10 days that it was estimated to . It was at my house on Monday and I ordered Thursday night . Very well done .
 Were do I start with this product ... Its AWESOME ! nearly pays for itself after one use . Great way to get out with your kid or friends on a nice day . No more driving range fees , play in your back yard , do n't worry about taking out a window .
 This is a very nice and very durable little machine and it does exactly what you need -- it has all sorts of additional features -LRB- it talks , it plays music , it has an alarm -RRB- which some people may like . I just shut them all down and only use it to count my daily steps . So far so good !!!
 I once owned this device - and loved it . The BATTERY-REPLACEMENT was MAJOR ISSUE - I ended up breaking the unit . I miss this pedometer - I really enjoyed that tunes played with my steps-pace . I would not buy it again , unless it were cheaply-priced , like dollar-store pricing .
 I bought this item because mine were old and broke . I use it as an alarm clock and enjoy it .
 First off this item fits the straight bite valve , not the 90 degree one , I did manage to install it on the 90 degree one but took a lot of time . It really covers the bite valve from dust and mud and makes drinking from my Hydrapak much nicer than having to eat some dirt . The bad thing is that the hook where the cord attaches broke fairly quickly and easily so now it can not hang there , I had to install a string on it myself .
 I does n't fit all our bikes , but it is very handy for holding up the rear wheel and working on the chain , esp during cleaning .
 I bought this stand to keep the back wheel of my hybrid bike off the ground while I adjust the derailleurs or fix punctures in the rear tube . Using this stand I can make small derailleur adjustments while rotating the pedals by hand to get instant feedback . I also use this stand when I need to remove the back wheel to repair a puncture . The stand holds the back wheel several inches off the ground which is a lot easier than turning the bike upside down to remove the wheel and risk damaging my gear levers.Something like this while last for many years - probably longer than I will , so it was a great buy .
 Use it to support an old hybrid bike I have . It 's not the quickest support to use as you have get down to install while slightly picking up the rear of the bike . Since I using it on a bike only use occasionall , it ok . Would recommend using one you can just roll the bike into for bikes you use a lot .
 I have had this for 13 years , and it is still doing the job , and made in the USA . Always buy USA Products .
 I purchased one of these back in 1974 for my mobile bicycle repair business that I ran out of my dorm room . It worked great for the bicycles of that era . It was very stable and excellent for derailleur adjustments . I also used it teaching bicycle repair courses on campus.One must be aware and careful of all the cables on the down tube and under the bottom bracket.It was great back in the day.I can only see very limited use with the wide variety of frames that are made today.I rate it 5 stars because it works fantastic for vintage steel frames .
 not alot of these show stands around . im glad i found it and id does what its supposed to do . hold a bmx bike up . must have 20 in wheels
 This stand is SOOO convenient . I mostly use it for propping my bike up in my apartment so I do n't have to lean it on my furniture . It 's wonderful for doing quick maintenance jobs , especially if you live in a small place and do n't feel flipping your bike upside down or setting it up on a big rack.I give it four stars only because it barely fits my Jamis Durango 2.0 mountain bike . My bottom tube is tapered and goes to about 45 mm wide , which is wider than the hook on the stand . The hook still goes partially over the tube , though , and the stand still works fine . I 'm glad it barely fits.Added comment 6/22/10 -- Because the hook barely fits , it rubs a lot every time I used it , and the rubber coating is starting to come off after about a year 's worth of use . The coating would probably last longer with a bike that had a narrower bottom tube .
 I love this >> > its cheap and does exactly what it says . its great for on the road check ups and quick maintenance
 As other people said , this is a great stand . Although it may not fit all bicycles , it definitely fits my road bike and even when pedaling at full speed , it stays pretty stable -LRB- of course I 'm not on the bike -RRB- . The reason this item gets 4/5 stars is b/c it leaves a dark stain in the area of contact . It can be easily removed with water & a cloth.I mostly use it to wash my bike & do some basic repairs . If you need a bicycle stand , get this b/c it 's the next best thing to spending $ 100 + on a bicycle stand .
 sure this is a cheap stand BUT if you just want something to hold your bike from falling over and/or you want to have it around for quick drivetrain adjustments -LRB- if you set it just so , you can turn the cranks without hitting the stand -RRB- it more than does the job . If you 're doing a major overhaul you probably want a real workstand but this is an awful handy thing to have around.I 've used it more than once to work on a bike with the rear wheel out and/or adjust a derailleur that was a little out of whack , replacing cables , etc. etc. etc. . You ca n't work on the front wheel with this stand , but that 's not what it 's designed for .
 I had a less well made one of these many years ago which served as my storage - and work-stand . I was delighted to find this to replace the one I mislaid . Cheap and effective . It holds my one bike that does not have a kick-stand and also is great as a work stand when I dont want to pull out my full-size Park work-stand . This stand probably wo n't fit some bikes , but for your conventional road bike with old-size standard tubing -LRB- eg 531 -RRB- this is brilliant.Oh , and as for the Niagara Bike people from whom I purchased this
 I 've been using this stand for more than a year to store my road bike in various apartment living situations . The stand is a great compact tool for keeping the bike upright and stable . Although there is some lateral movement -LRB- tilting -RRB- of the bike from time to time , this only occurs if the bike is bumped . Under regular use if the bike is not touched it will remain stable and in place . What I liked most about this stand is that it stabilized the bike in its normal riding position for storage in areas where I could not install a wall or ceiling mount , but had room for the bike to stand freely . The stand takes up no more width than the bike itself.As for comments about the stand not fitting some frames . This is true of any design change in frame styling and cycling products intended for cylindrical downtubes . While my Fuji Roubaix uses a diamond shaped downtube this has not been a problem with the stand . Larger downtubes , such as on mountain bikes or large comfort bikes , could pose a problem for this . The inner diameter of the hook is approximately 2 '' -LRB- inches -RRB- .
 This is a fine stand for those of us who can neither afford nor have room to store a full size work stand . My road bike has an oversized aluminum downtube and the stand fits it fine . Contrary to what other reviewers have said I see no way it can sractch the bike frame . It has heavy plastic coating everywhere it is apt to touch the bike . It has to be centered on the bike in order to turn the cranks freely but that is not hard to accomplish .
 The needed something to hold the rear wheel up while I adjust my derailers . This works well on my Schwinn Midmoor 700x38 .
 Does exactly what you would expect , it lifts the back wheel off the floor.Not much right/left support , but adequate for working on the chain , etc.Be certain that your bike does not have fat tubes . This unit is made for the average bike .
 Have n't had any issues with the size of the frame . It is larger then a road bike frame but fits fine .
 This item was under ten bucks and worth every penny . I bought this as a cheap alternative to maintaining my bike . All I need to do is maybe adjust derailleur and clean my chain and this works great -LRB- very sturdy for my road bike -RRB- for that as well as holds the bike up for storage too .
 Although it may not fit * all * bikes , if you have a relatively normal-shaped street or mountain bike ... and more importantly if you plan on cleaning it , or doing simple maintenance , adjusting or lubing the chain , etc. . . this is a must have . Bravo .
 This is a great simple product that makes working on a bike really simple and easy . It 's perfect for adjusting deraileurs , brakes , ect . where you are needing to pedal the bike . This way you do n't have to fiddle with changing gears while you ca n't pedal -LRB- which is terrible for a bike -RRB- and then lift up the bike and pedal some how . With this product you do n't have any of that mess . Does n't work with bikes where the deraileur cables are routed under the bottom bracket -LRB- where the pedal bearings are housed -RRB- as the little guides for those cables will tear up the rubber on the stand . You should n't have a bike that does that anyway because that is a really bad spot for them . Great product though , I would recommend it to anyone who is going to work on their bike , makes it so nice . You do have to make sure your bike is on the right spot so it is not tilted and what not , but it only takes me about 10 seconds to put my bike correctly on it so I can not complain about it , especially for the price . And this thing will last too . Not much to go wrong . If you have a large down tube that the stand rests all of it 's cantilever weight on , you might have to spread the hook part of it apart for it to fit , but that would not be hard at all . I highly recommend it unless you are a pro bike-shop who would need the pro stands , ... obviously .
 It 's made cheaply both material and the workmanship . It 's made of relatively soft metal like chrome colored brass . Bright side of this is it 's easy to cut , so if the wheel of you bicycle goes way up high , you can cut it lower with a hack saw with relative ease , at least easier than cutting steel . It supports the weight of a bicycle pretty well but you ca n't sit on the bike while it 's on the stand , of course . Even when I cranked the pedal to the full speed , it was stable to reasonable level . It could have been a better design with hollow aluminium -LRB- or good quality steel tube -RRB- and lighter and I would have happily paid the higher price for it . The bottom line is this . It 's not the most refined looking stand but it works for its purpose and I recommend it to anyone who needs a simple portable bike stand for on location repair or adjustment .
 The Pyramid Bottom Bracket Type Display Stand is an awesome item to take the place of a traditional kickstand . I do n't need to add weight to the bike while riding . The stand is waiting for me in my garage when I return from my ride . A few minutes after returning from my ride I am easily able to safely secure my bike in a stable upright position , reducing the potential for the bike being damaged through falling or knocking against an rough textured adjacent cinder brick wall . Could n't be happier . Sturdy , and well coated to protect the bike frame from any damage from the stand . Also , raising the back tire allows for routine maintenance of the drive and back wheel components . If your looking for a low cost , simple way to protect and maintain your bicycle investment , this is it !
 Works fine . Raises rear tire approximately 4 '' off the ground . Good for adjustments or some repairs . Great value !
 The Pyramid Bottom Bracket bike stand is a great option to take along on those overnight rides . For example , when I do the DALMAC ride it allows me to stand my bike up during the overnight stays instead of laying it down on the ground or trying to find a -LRB- scarce -RRB- tree at the campground . With my bike standing I can then hang my riding clothes on it to dry in the sun . For these reasons I highly recommend this portable bike stand .
 Works . Simple product to use . Must be careful in nesting the bottom bracket to make the bike stand straight . I hook it on the down tube , lift the bike and slowly move it forward as I let it down . That helps rotate the stand under the bottom bracket . Need to watch carefully that it is nested properly and not up toward the hook .
 The price is right and the holds the bike for repair , cleaning , or just parking . Does not hold the bike very tight but for the novist repairman , it is great .
 Bought one 21 years ago from my local bike shop.Used it to hold my bike up and as a work stand.Doesn ' t work well with over sized tube bikes since `` hook '' is too small to hook.Rubber came off awhile ago , but replaced with duct tape.I do n't think I 'll ever need to buy another one since there 's nothing to break or fail .
 I was looking for a simple way to park my new Bianchi roadie and thought this may do the trick - it did . Extremely well made -LRB- for a BB stand -RRB- with a non-marring coating anywhere the stand touches the frame . Picks the back wheel up far enough to easily make drivetrain adjustments as well as remove the rear wheel.Best stand at nearly any price - but for under $ 10
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 I have found that these run about two sizes small , so be careful . Love the shirts , great to work out in . Shippiing was quick , very pleased with purchase .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 What a great looking football . The design is well created and worth displaying where ever there is a football Fan !!
 i use it alot and i enjoy it and i put xtra wieght in the water bottle pocket for more resistance and i just love the product and i can eve add a weight where the velcro strap is
 this is great for walking and conditioning , but if you try to run with it make sure that you have a little more layers of shirt on you so that the sand bag does ` nt hurt ur rib . after all its a great item to have to conditioning .
 The GoFit Weighted Vest is an excellent addition to my stash of exercise equipment . It really takes my cardio workouts to the next level ! The fit is also great ... and definitely fits all body types .
 I run about 60 miles a week and needed a weight vest to add to my training program . I read the reviews for several of the weight vests offered on Amazon . This one seemed the best for the price and it turns out that it was . Although you ca n't add weight to it , I find that 10 pounds is more than enough for me for distance training . I wear it over a tech tee or tech long sleeve and have had no chaffing issues at all . It cinches down on either side with generous velcro strips across the stomach . If you cinch it down snugly , it is likely that you will not experience any bouncing issues that are common with many weighted vests . I have n't used the water bottle holder at all . The velcro for this to attach is also generous , but I have doubts about it 's stability while jogging . It would probably be more than sufficient for a walking workout .
 Being an old guy -LRB- 63 -RRB- and aspiring to be athletic , I run for exercise and weight control . Thinking that I can boost my &#34; training &#34; effectiveness by adding weight as I lose body weight , I bought this weight vest . It fits well on me -LRB- 6 ' 4 &#34; and 220 or so -RRB- and the amount of weight that is carried is readily adjustable . I think that it is washable , carefully with the weights out first , of course . This is important for me because I soak everything when I work out hard -- we will see how the cleaning process works soon . The vest is warm , hot even , but I am planning to use it while outdoors during the winter/spring period here in Michigan .
 I tried at least 4 other weighted vests in the local sports equipment stores . All felt loose and out of balance . I 'm 170 lbs . and wanted a close-fitting and weight-balanced vest . The GOFiT vest is both . Both my wife and I use it daily on the treadmill and like the benefits .
 This 20 lb . vest is great for doing chores around the house , walking , and working out . It does not have a strong odor , like some other reviews suggested . The one thing that might be a problem is the fit . I 'm a 5 ' 5 '' female with a small frame . So the vest is slightly bulky . I do n't mind because I do n't use it to walk out in public , just around the house and at a private gym . Other than that it works great !
 I bought this vest because i am currently going into the National Guard . I 've been jogging for the past year but i wanted to carry weights , then i found this vest and figured why not . I was skeptical about the price but i could n't find one cheaper or the reviews were ba for the cheaper ones . This price is fair because you can always buy more weights for it because you can add/decrease weights by taking 'em out the vest . The color i got was silver . I 'm 5 ' 9 , 150 IB 's , so for me the vest fits grate ... but my shoulders are not big enough so the vest feels loose on my shoulders , no big deal . The straps works good . Overal a good deal .
 I was very pleased with the prompt delivery . This vest is comfortable to wear and gives me a nice work out . I like the extra weight for the light resistance and gentle `` impact '' it provides to build muscle and bone strength . I even bike ride with the vest . I 've had mine over 2 years , and it is finally showing some age ... slight gives and tears in fabric , but hey , I 've put it through the ringer ... use it 3 to 4x a week . I never did use the water bottle attachment though . Too floppy .
 GoFit Vest great to work with regarding ease of putting it on and especially the velco straps to hold it together . We use it in spiking and agility drills for volleyball . It still allows the arm and shoulder to be used effectively and we really like the weight distributed in the front rather than on the shoulders or back . Highly recommend !!
 I bought this because I have osteopenia and do n't carry much weight . I was excited to find this vest to hopefully prevent further bone loss in my spine . It is very comfortable to wear even though it looks pretty silly . I only wish that the shoulders were adjustable since I am very short waisted and have a small bust so it rides mostly on my hips . Overall though I think it is great .
 i am just wondering if i get what i see in the picture . . twoo weigth vest ? am i write that onlestli what i atraacted me towrds yur product . hoppees my dream come trhuuu n thankyouu soo miuchh if they are twoo vestt
 After searching the internet thoroughly , I decided to give the GoFit weight vest a try . I 'm sure if you spent over a $ 100 on a weight vest , which many of them cost , you could find something that would be just a little better , and I mean just a little . This vest is comfortable , fits well and is adjustable for size , is weighted nicely and gives the back in particular a good workout just wearing it . There 's been research on weighted vests and osteoporosis . One source indicated that just wearing a 10 lb . weight vest an hour a day will prevent osteoporosis from progressing . That was important to me . I 'm very glad I did n't buy the hype and purchase a more expensive one .
 I am a pretty serious runner , averaging at least 40 miles a week -LRB- I 've run two marathons -RRB- and I also do Hatha Yoga daily -LRB- with some unique modifications to make it more difficult -RRB- . Formerly , I was a serious weightlifter . This information is provided to understand my review.Most recommendations for first time weight vest runners is to start with about 2.5 % above your weight for the vest . Clearly , this recommendation is to fend off litigous people who do n't understand the increased difficulty when running with a weight vest and then have a problem and blame the manufacturer . I weigh about 150 lbs. , and it is perfect for me.I started with several easy five to six milers . During the run , I immediately noticed the effects after starting one route for my run which starts with a large incline . I would not recommend that . Rather , warm up slightly longer to get both your breathing and body used to the weight . Also , PLEASE be careful as the inevitable problems outdoor runners experience , i.e. , rocks , curbs , or uneven sidewalks can be much more dangereous . Your achilles/ankle area will be very sensitive and any trip or loss of balance could be dangereous . Of course , I ran at a slower pace than I usually do , but overall found the normal run to be perfect with the weight vest . I stretched and did Yoga afterwards and I would certainly recommend you stretch afterwards , too . The next day , I did feel sore , but in a good , `` long run of the week '' way . I did not experience any pain . After several `` normal '' runs with the vest , I embarked on my twice weekly hill training session . It was AWESOME . Climbing the long hill that I normally do repeats on was intense . Going down the same hill was challenging as well . PLEASE be careful when going down a hill with the vest ; you 'll definitely notice a big difference on the impact on your body.Going down hills is where I experienced my only complaint about the vest
 Bought two vests a year ago -LRB- 2006 -RRB- for climbing team members . The vests are used and abused three days a week by climbers not interested in treating them kindly . They 've held up to the punishment . Being able to remove all the weights is great as the climbers work with a percentage of their body weight . Being able to have all the weights in is great for mom who wears the vest on weekends -LRB- cleaning house , gardening , etc -RRB- . Easy way to get exercise while doing household chores .
 I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and I walk 6 days a week between 1-2 hrs each trip and find this vest pretty comfortable to wear . Because the weight is evenly distributed it does n't feel like I 'm walking around with an additional 10-lb 's -LRB- that 's nice ! -RRB- . The vest has padded extra wide shoulder straps , but I do n't use them much :-RRB- After sinching the waste I find I 'm so short in the torso that the vest actually rests on my hips and lifts the vest off of my shoulders . This is ok by me since I do n't like weight pulling on my shoulders anyway . The dual stomach Velcro waste tabs are nice for making a snug fit , but I have a smaller chest and find it has a tendency to gap and look/feel bulky up top . I wish it had a second set of straps for the chest area . The placement of the weights is nice too -LRB- front and back only-none on the sides -RRB- . I really only have one major complaint ... I wish it had an easier way to pull the weights out -LRB- little sand bags -RRB- . This vest has very small slits and it 's a pain to remove all the bags when I want to wash the thing . I think a single Velcro flap covering the tops of each row for quick removal would be a huge time saver . All-in-all a good product and I 'm glad I bought it .
 I have only been using this for a short time but find that it does have some value . I would have preferred to have a vest that opened in the front , instead of having to pull over my head , but could n't find one and that 's OK , I can live with it . Currently I have about six pounds of weights in my vest and it does make a difference . I have noticed some improvement in my core section . I wear the vest while Nordic-tracking , walking , and doing some chores and yard work . I would warn that adding weight is hard on the knees , I do not have knee problems of any kind but I notice a difference when I am wearing the vest which makes sense because people who have knee problems and are heavy are always encouraged to lose weight because every pound of excess weight adds approx . 12 lbs . -LRB- I think -RRB- of added pressure on the knees and I can see that it 's true . If you have bad knees I think the vest would be a bad idea . 8/2008 , now that the weather is nice I wear this outside on walks . I am constantly asked by passersby why I am wearing a bullet-proof vest -LRB- even though it says GO FIT on it ! -RRB- , it really does look like one . I still wish it looked more like a piece of clothing and opened in front .
 It is comfortable and feels as expected . My neighbors say it looks like a bullet proof vest and it does ! I would recommend this but I think it could have a better slot for ipod and or cell phone . It looks like it is a little reflective but not a lot .
 I love this item ! Did a lot of shopping around on the net and in town , and ca n't beat the price , quality or comfort ! Heavy enough to add some weight training to your walk , it 's not cumbersome or bulky , does n't shift around . I 'm very happy I got this vest , I could feel a difference , I worked harder to maintain my pace , this is exactly what I was looking for .
 I really like this product . . i 've been using it for walking the bridges and the parks and have just started using it for jogging ... and i have seen results already ... it 's funny too when you take it off it feels like you instantly lost 10 lbs ... the only thing is that its kinda bulky so you really ca n't wear it under clothes , you just have to grin and WEAR it ... at first i felt silly but , who cares i 'm doing this for me and i feel better already !!
 This was a really good investment . I use it during some of my aerobic exercise dvds and I walk/jog/run with it on . The only negative is that you ca n't wear it on the outside of your clothing , because it looks like a bulletproof vest and then there are a lot of eyes staring at you . So , I decided to wear it under my clothing , it is a little bulky but it is n't so bad . I highly recommend it for someone who is new to to the vest . It is economical and it will serve the purpose of helping toGoFit 10-Pound Walking Vest with Removable Water Bottle Holdershed those pounds .
 Have always wanted a weighted vest . Finally decided to purchase one after much contemplation . Very happy with my choice .
 I bought this to augment my modest exercise regimen -LRB- walking , hand weights , resistance training -RRB- and after a month , have been very pleased with it . It 's comfortable for me -LRB- I am 5 ' 4 '' , middle-aged female , and medium build -RRB- and it also provides some lower back support when worn snugly . I definitely notice that my legs and lungs are working harder . It appears to be well-made and I am glad it is washable , but I have not tried to wash it yet . It might not be appropriate for running or jogging , but I wore it while mowing the lawn and it did not affect range of motion in my arms.Though I snickered at the removable bottle holder at first , I find it convenient , but prefer to wear it in the front -LRB- just enough velcro on the straps to support it -RRB- rather than on the back.My only quibbles with this product are minor : At first glance , it does look a little like a flak jacket or bulletproof vest -LRB- I 've attracted some long looks from local policemen that made me a little paranoid -RRB- . The color -LRB- utilitarian light silvery-gray , reminiscent of duct tape -RRB- does n't do much to reduce this unfortunate resemblance , though I 'm not sure what color they could have chosen that would be better -LRB- hot pink ? plaid ? -RRB- -- at least it 's not a dark color . I may add some reflective tape or something to make it look a little more innocuous.Overall , a very good product that I would recommend to fitness walkers . I would have given it 41/2 stars if I had the option .
 I am very happy with this vest . I use it while walking on my treadmill and definetly feel a difference vs not wearing it . It gives you a better workout . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 My principle form of exercise is daily long walks -LRB- sometimes including a short run -RRB- with my dog . I bought this vest to add resistance , and it does just that . I started with a very small amount of weight in the vest -LRB- maybe 5 lb -RRB- but am up to 10.5 lb now . The vest feels heavy when you lift it up to put it on , but once it 's on , I really notice it only on hills . For the first few weeks I did n't do any running at all in it , but I ran in it today and found that it 's critical that when you tighten the velcro belt -LRB- essentially how the weight is supported , not on the shoulder straps -RRB- you do it evenly -LRB- same amount of stretch on both sides -RRB- or the vest really bounces around and moves -LRB- uncomfortably -RRB- off to one side . Once I fixed that problem , it was fine . I was also afraid at the beginning that the shoulder straps might bother me if I was wearing a tank top , but there are no issues at all with the shoulder straps . I 'm very glad I bought this vest .
 I used a friends a few times and noticed a big difference in that over three years it slowed down my osteo-arthritic changes in my upper neck/and lower back . Which runs on my family strongly-an in my 40 's i did n't need it ! I really-like that this helps so much as it is the only thing i added or changed . I would highly recommend it-as i was told by a holistic doctor/exercise specialist that using added weights only 45 minutes a week could make significant changes in my bone mass . I used ankle weights and wrist ones on an off with this-but mostly this was the Big change for me . Hope others will give it a try . Only wish they would make something you could wear -LRB- hidden -RRB- under your clothes as i would probably use it more often and I am sure it would only help more so .
 This vest was just as described and the fit was great . It has wide shoulders so the comfort is good . Since I had never used a walking vest , I wanted to start out as recommended with lighter than 10 pounds so removed some of the weights . These were not so easy to get out of the pouches but that means they are securely held in place . I am well pleased with this GoFit walking vest .
 I bought it for my mom and she seems to really like it . She is hoping that it will cause her bone density to rise but we will not know till her next test .
 Fits nicely , I 'm 5 ' 11 '' 165 lbs . The front right about the velcro is wearing down for some reason , I think because it 's rubbing against the velcro . Not really that heavy for me , but makes a noticeable difference when I 'm breakdancing .
 Do n't think walking is intense enough for you , but running is too intense ? Well you can always walk with one of these ten pound vests . This is just super for building up your endurance and believe me , when you 're trekking miles away from civilization , carrying everything you need on your back , that endurance you 've gained by wearing this vest when you did n't have too really pays off .
 Okay , I am a female and have been walking for more than 10 years now , and needed to step it up without a gym or in home machine ... After my first try of this vest , I realize it makes you hotter because of the material its made of which is vinyl-like . So be prepared to heat up much faster when wearing this vest.My shoulders are what notice the weight the most - I figured that . They get sore within the first minute of wearing the vest . But then again I also do not use a backpack to school for that same reason -- I have weak shoulders that get very sore very quickly.But those are the ONLY ` negatives ' to this vest -- otherwise I would n't even notice I was wearing it at all!I just hope it helps me to lose my extra weight . : -RRB-
 Comfortable and really easy to use . Weights are easily removed and put back in when ready . Really good product for the money .
 This vest is everything I hoped it would be . I am only 5 ' 1 '' tall and it fits me great . Not too long and is easy to put on and secure around . THe only downfall is if you need to remove any of the weights , the slits are n't very big and would be difficult to remove . I am using it as it came and not doing any adjustments . Would recommend to anyone who wants a 10 lb vest .
 Adds an additional condition to your walk . Makes you work a little harder - breathe a little harder . Do n't have a lot of time to work out so need to make the most of the dog walks . I now have a weighted vest and ankle weights . My speed walk with my dogs is now a work out for me too . Have n't washed the vest yet - ca n't comment on that .
 I was not so sure how much I would love it , but it surprised me . It is actually very efficient . I love the water bottle holder . It is perfect for a 16 oz or 20 oz bottle . I thought it would not be heavy enough , but it is plenty heavy . I am 5 foot 1 ' 156 lbs and it fits me perfect . I am not exaggerating about any of these facts for me . It is sung and not loose . I never write reviews and this is one that I wanted to share with you . It was very worth the money I paid and I would recommend this to anyone who wants to lose some weight .
 Worked first time used and has just been fantastic . Still got to learn all the bells and whistles but main thing , heart rate , is what I was more interested in . I know when I get used to all the other options will be super . Highly recommended for those who do not want to wear that strap across your chest .
 I think this is a great item . It took some time to get used to all the features , but I really only use the monitor and calories burned . I use it for running and it works great . However , after I got better at running , it would have trouble picking up my signal when I would first put it on . I put in a new battery this may have helped . But I now use one of those hand squeezers to get the blood flowing to my finger before I put it on and it seems to work as great as it always did .
 This was a gift . It came on time and was half the price of one we had looked at . So we were happy !
 Sooo glad I do n't have to wear those sweaty chest straps any more . Works great , plus it looks kinda cool , Robocop style . Lots of comments at the gym ...
 Works wonderfully . With one exception . The finger wrap where the sensor lies is a little too large so it is a bit uncomfortable when wearing it . The system works beautifully when used during heavy exercise .
 I found this product to be a little glitchy at first , but after a few weeks I 'm satisfied with it . I only use the basic function - real-time heart rate . Once you learn the proper positioning and tension for the sensor , the monitor seems fairly accurate and stable . I still get a drop-out once in a while , but it resets within 10-15 seconds.One thing that threw me at first
 I have had no problem with this pulse monitor . Good solid signal from the sensor . It is very convenient to use and has all the functions I need and then some ! Like the recovery monitoring function . No negatives at all .
 LOVE it . Comfortable , barely restricting , takes seconds to put on . I use it mostly for running , and it causes no problems . Also seems very accurate . Target zone alarm works well . Only real negative is that it 's not particularly intuitive how to get between functions or how to change a setting . Explained well in manual , but not easy to remember on the fly . Overall thrilled with it .
 Terrific product if , like me , you ca n't wear a chest band heart monitor . Even if you can you may find this little jewel more convenient . Stop watch , lap counter , heart rate/pulse monitor , time in heart rate zone , watch ... all accurate and easily accessed . The directions folder is a little vague at several points , but the setup is fairly intuitive if you 've ever owned a digital watch . I ca n't say enough about the quality of this little device . Very well made in Japan , a bargain !
 This is a solid , classy unit , with options for tracking lap and split times , and calorie counting in addition to the heart rate monitor . The hr monitor is fairly accurate , and can give you % of time spent in target zone , but not the high/low/avg heart rate calculation that my old monitor gave . I do like the fact that you can enter your personal information for the unit to calculate your personal bpm training zones . The menus are fairly logical and relatively easy to use . Especially nice is the hr recovery calculator . But the best part is the continual bpm readout without the chest strap ! Prevention says it has plans to provide access to online tracking software . Eventually you should be able to download your saved heart rate monitor stats to the website to track your training data over time .
 I tried my heart moniter as soon as it arrived and it worked very well.I 've had it nearly a month and use it several times a week and it works great.The monitor is overall pretty decent for it 's price.I love the `` out of range '' alarm feature!I recommend this product to anyone who is a beginner in monitoring their heart rate during excersize.It is very easy to program and use .
 I 've tried several monitors over the years ... including one that attached to the ear lobe and a chest strap . Neither of these worked at all well . I 've had the Mark of Fitness for close to a year and it is great ! When I first got it I had probs with it sticking to a constant pulse reading ... even changed batteries , but then I read their manual and they indicated that the censor should be on a clear patch of skin . My clearest spot was n't at the direct bottom of my finger but a bit off to the side . Every since then , it 's been great ! It 's not 100 % ... you have to have the proper tightness on the velcro strap ... but it 's easy to adjust . By the way ... I do aerobics walking as well as use an excercise bicyle .
 After reading other reviews , I 'm wondering if the manufacturer has improved their sensor because I almost always get a good reading and it is very close to or exactly the same as other heart monitors I compare it with around the gym -LRB- the kind on the machines where you have to grab 2 electrodes -RRB- . I 've had it now for about 3 months and I 'm pretty happy with it . The only time I do n't get a good reading is when I have n't positioned the sensor properly . The trick is that you have to have the sensor over one of the arteries in your index finger , which is off center , NOT in the middle . You also do n't want it too tight -- certainly less tight than the manual says . Just make it snug and you should get a good reading . I use the `` cross-country skiing '' orbital trainer machine most often and it works perfectly with those kind of movements . The only time I 've seen it get confused is if you intentionally wildly swing your hand around to try to confuse it . That kind of movement never happens during workouts , though , so the criticisms about it being inaccurate unless you 're not moving are not the case at all in my experience . I would have to assume that the user did n't have the sensor positioned correctly . I 've been quite active with it and it has always kept up just fine . I also have n't had to have a perfectly straight finger to get a good reading . Just do n't try to get a reading while you 're grabbing a chinup bar or curling or anything like that . You should n't be looking at your heart rate while lifting weights anyway , you should be paying attention to what you 're doing.I do think they could improve the glove , but it fits my hand pretty well . I 'm a male with a medium-sized hand . Someone with a large hand would probably find the glove uncomfortable , and someone with a small hand would probably find it just fine . It just seems like cheap material next to the rather well-made readout and sensor . I felt that the controls were cumbersome because , as someone only interested in cardio workouts -LRB- which is the reason to have a heart monitor in the first place -RRB- , the modes I need to use are several clicks away from each other . If you want to monitor recovery time , you have to click the top button 4 times to cycle through a bunch of other modes before you get from heart monitoring , to recovery time values . Definitely could have been better thought out , but all the necessary things are there , and even some fancy things I have n't taken the time to learn yet . The big advantage is , of course , that you do n't have to wear a chest strap which I have found extremely appealing . I would have given 5 stars if they would have made a better glove and would have thought out the sequence of functions with the buttons more realistically . All things considered , though , knowing what I know now , I would still buy it over any other monitor .
 I really do love this item . I 've been using it without fail since the day it arrived . I have n't had any significant problems with it and highly recommend it for anyone . I hated wearing the chest strap on my other monitor.The only problem I have found is that I ca n't grip things and have the monitor continue working . So when I am lifting weights I have to leave that finger extended , when I 'm using the eliptical trainer I have to leave that finger extended . Now that I 'm used it , it is n't a big deal.It is accurate . So far it has agreed with all other monitors that I 've checked it against . So with the one minor exception I highly recommend it .
 I really love my Mark of Fitness MF-180 Exercise/Heart Rate Monitor . I really use it to keep track of the calories that I burn during my workouts . Plus it lets me know when I 'm out of my set target zone.I would recommend this for anyone that is trying to lose weight.I did have a problem with the first monitor I got not being able to get a reading but I contacted Amazon.com and they sent me another one without questions and I sent the defective one back .
 My review is based on 6 weeks of ownership . I asked for this for my birthday , and my wife got it for me . I am very pleased with it!It is very accurate for sports activities which do * not * require the use of the hand you 've got it wrapped on . In the past six weeks I have used it for the following activities
 I 've only recently started using this product to monitor my heart rate and am still in the learning process of how to use the produce efficiently . It has so many things that it can keep track of . I find it to be rather comfortable to use . It monitors my heart rate in % which helps me to stay within my range . I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking to get away from those chest strap monitors .
 I love this monitor . I wore a Polar chest strap for several years . Although I liked the information I got from the Polar , I absolutely HATED the sweaty , sticky , nasty , uncomfortable chest strap - as a female , it never fit me just right . Bought this monitor in late January and it has worked great since day 1 . Heart rate and calorie counts seems very consistent with readings I got with my Polar . Yes , you do have to keep the index finger relatively straight , but I 've had no trouble on the elliptical , the treadmill , or even the weight machines . I 've also had no trouble getting the finger sensor positioned correctly -LRB- I do have relatively small hands -RRB- . Mostly however , it is COMFORTABLE which means I 'm more likely to use it regularly . The only feature I miss from my Polar was the ability to have an average heart rate at the end of a workout . This unit does n't do that , but it has enough other advantages for me that I give it 5 stars .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 I have found that these run about two sizes small , so be careful . Love the shirts , great to work out in . Shippiing was quick , very pleased with purchase .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 This thing is just a joy to shoot ! and the range is good too for a little bb gun . The only problem id say that you will waste all your ammo in a day if your trigger happy .
 This is the best gun i have seen . I got it and it shot flawlesly and fairly acuratly .150 fps is wrong . more like 175 . this is a great starter gun and a great side arm . BUY IT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This gun is a great secondary and it 's 150 fps is not bad for $ 20 . It 's really accurate and shoots approx . 9 rounds a second . Now my Well R8 does 12 a second which is great for an $ 85 gun . I was like 15 feet away from a target indoors using the mini m16 and I could hit bullseys repeadedly BUT if your in the wind it doesnt have much power so you cant hit the broad side of a barn.PROsinsane rate of fire for the moneyaccuracy is awesomevery durablevery powerful for $ 20CONsnone at allIf you play in backyard games buy 2 and duel wield them . The capacity is n't amazing but its very easy to load . Buy alot of ammo cause you 'll go through it QUICK ! IT 'S GREAT , BUY IT NOW !
 Okay First Off this thing has a good rate of fireits semi accuratethe clip isnt real you pour bbs in the topyou have to push over the safety switch to shoot ithot i woodnt like that but actually it makes it more FUNThe bbs run out Fast if you shoot targetsPros
 This gun is absoulutely amazing ! It fires very far for a mini electric and is very accurate . It was smaller than I thought it would be , but it is not very heavy and I like that . Only holds 70 bb 's but with a speedloader that is easy to load . Magazine DOES N'T come out but it does n't need too . GREAT GUN !!
 this is a really good gun it shoots about 200fps really fast i love this gun its a really good back up gun for cq
 If you want to shoot bbs at your room mate indoors , this is definitely the way to go . Has a ridiculous rate of fire , which is faster than the Pulse M74 , but it is also weaker than the Pulse M74 . The hopper does n't hold as many bbs as it should , however -LRB- ~ 70 -RRB- .
 We ordered from Airsplat via Amazon on January 19th . My son wanted the gun for his birthday party . So , I pai the extra $ 8.99 for the `` expedited shipping '' cost for 1-3 business day delivery . It did n't happen . The gun arrived 7 days LATER ! Our Amazon receipt even siad estimated date was January 20-21st . Big disappointment on the `` not-so '' speedy delivery from Airsplat !
 this gun is only a good backup gun this gun is so weak it does 'n hurt a 7 year old
 Very happy with the machine . Provides a great workout!Great quality elliptical and strongly recommend .
 Purchased these for my 8 year old daughter . This was her second pair of same brand , same model # . She likes these skates because they are more comfortable than others we have tried . I like them because they are well made and easily last for the time she will be in this size . Even after she was finished with the last pair , I was able to re-sell them because they were in very good shape . When she outgrows these , we will purchase same skates again in new size .
 What a great looking football . The design is well created and worth displaying where ever there is a football Fan !!
 We received on time ... number 1 . Number 2 we really like this . My girls , ages 9 and 10 are in soccer and the day they got it they spent 2 hours using it . Even my 6 yr old boy uses it and thinks it is awesome . The velcro straps that hold the ball in place are well made . It does take about 3-5 min . to put the straps around the ball depending on if the straps have been tangled with or not . Other than that ... great product . I used it myself and it gives you a good workout and helps with coordination of the ball and ball contact reflex .
 I love the design of this long sleeve `` T '' . The logo is perfectly placed and fits great . I recommend this to any Redskins fans out there .
 I had the last model of this helmet , and hit the ground with my head while wearing it . I broke my ankle during the fall requiring a bunch of screws , but not my skull . I would give this helmet five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars , but apparently it is only good for one use . The back of the helmet was crushed . However , I liked it enough to buy another one . -LRB- Not all helmets come down as far in the back -RRB- . Unlike the other reviewer , I found it to be well made and worth the price . My ankle cost $ 30,000 to fix ; my head got off for the price of the helmet .
 This is the most comfortable helmet I 've ever owned , its so light I forget I 'm wearing it . The chin strap is comfortable and the headlamp clips are a nice plus . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the size adjustment system does n't seem as comprehensive as in other Petzl helmets I 've owned -LRB- an adjustment in the back is the only available -RRB- . This has n't been a problem yet but it may be once I start wearing a winter beanie with it as ice climbing season starts . Otherwise great helmet !
 A great helmet for indoor and outdoor use . I like the RocLoc system used in the helmet , and am very satisfied with features and ventilation.Pete
 Great helmet . Lightest helmet I have used and breathes better than any others I have used . It is the most expensive helmet I have ever owned but also the best . If I had to do it again I would . Great helmet .
 The beauty of this helmet is that it is like a bike helmet . If you fall and bash your head against the rock face or the ground , the foam crushes rather than your your head . It has decent side and back of head protection . I find it to be light and when I am wearing it -LRB- if it is not too hot out -RRB- I can almost forget I have it on . The lock system in the back folds in so you can jam the helmet into your bag without damaging it and it cinches to your head with ease .
 This tape has a great feel to it . Ridden a couple hundred miles on it and they look as great as the day I installed . Super comfortable with or without gloves on . Definitely recommend .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 Applied the product after cleaning my chain and gears , removing 2 years worth of road grime . The lubricant applied easily and made the chain noticeably quieter while riding . Seems to get the job done and I will continue to use this product .
 I bought this teflon lube to replace the paraffin type that I have used for years . I am very impressed . Chain runs much quieter with the teflon lube . This leads me to believe it is lubricating the chain better . Time will tell but for now I am very pleased with the teflon lube .
 Just the right amount , this little bottle will last years for those who ride a handful a times a year in extreme conditions.It reflects dirt like no other and is recommended one of the best chain lubes on the market .
 I took apart the trapezoid tuners from a Fender Bullet Strat which get bad-mouthed often.When I did so I saw a few dabs of poorly placed , low quality grease on the gears here and there.Other places showed the grease had attracted dirt and grit into the tuners . What a mess.I soaked the tuners in some naphtha in a coffee can with a few drops of 3-in-One oil for an hour or so , occasionally checking on them to make sure the naphtha was not doing any damage to the plastic parts of the tuners or the finish . I also took the time to give the tuners a few twists to make sure the mixture got in there real good . When I was done , the grease , grit and gunk were gone and the tuners were clean.I let the tuners dry out and then I applied `` Finish Line DRY Teflon Bicycle Chain Lube '' to all of the gears , giving them a few more twists so the teflon got in everywhere.After I reassembled the tuners and re-strung the Bullet , I gave it my best amateur set up.A week later I can say the tuning machines are actually better than new . They are smooth and precise.It is my hope that the teflon will repel dust and grit instead of attracting it.I can not say how good this stuff is for bikes but it did what I wanted perfectly .
 I have this set , but not in the cool black color Amazon has . I got mine from walley mart for a few dollars less . They sell the dumbbells with 24 pounds weights for about sixty dollars and the add on 24 pound pack is another thirty . Mine is in blue and yellow so the color amazon has might be worth spending the few extra dollars for . -LRB- Amazon has since changed the picture to reflect what I have color wise . -RRB- With that said , I 'm female , I was interested in the bow flex 552 set until I saw it at my local store . Good god they are HUGE ! I thought about the 220 set which I 'm sure is smaller but no one carried it in store . And since I did n't want to go through the hassle to ship it back if I did n't like them , I passed on the 220 . The Sports blocks are far smaller then the bow flex set , perfect for women or teens and people with not much space . The weights themselves seem well made , my only concern is the changing pin for changing the weights . The hand is plastic with two metal pins and a small knock you turn . You turn the knob , pull the pin out and move it to another weight . The knob is what locks it in place . I believe the knob is metal but again , it sits in a plastic housing -LRB- the handle -RRB- and I have bad night mares of it breaking while over my head . So far though they have been fine , just plastic makes me nervous when its holding 20 pounds over my precious skull.The weights are very easy to change except for when you try to put all 48 pounds on them . For some reason it has a hard time lining up , and with the pins being on a plastic handle you really do n't want to force it in . It would have been better to charge another 10 bucks and make the whole pin handle metal.Other then that , time will tell how long this pin handle will last . I hope Gofit sells replacements for it . Still if your short on cash but need a good adjustable set , that will grow with you , you really ca n't go wrong with this set.I would have given this set a 5 if not for the plastic pin handle .
 This is a great pair of adjustable dumbbells at a fraction of the cost . It is very simple to use and takes the place of 8 sets of dumbells in a very small space . It has a great trey that everything fits in and besides it just looks cool.The DVD workout that comes with the GoFit Sportblock is incredible . It is produced by Mark Verstegen who is the owner of Athletes Performance and is considered the best trainer in the nation . Mark 's workout is very simple and takes about 20 minutes to do the whole thing but I have seen incredible results in my arms , stomach , legs , and butt . It is awesome!Buy it you wo n't be sorry and you will see incredible results !
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 As the title says , I believe this is an essential purchase for any man . They 're comfortable , light , and good looking . The flat sole is great for extended walking and sports -LRB- specially weight lifting in my case -RRB- . I like how they look and make my feet look slim as well . Heheh . Combined with my other clothing , I like how they help make everything seem that much `` tighter '' . These are just a must have : -RRB-
 VERY fast shipping . I bought shoes as a gift and was sure that they would n't be delivered in time , but they made with days to spare ! And the shoes looked lovely . Thanks so much ! : -RRB-
 I ordered these for my now husband to wear for our wedding ! They looked great and fit perfectly ! Also , props to LastPairs for being the only seller with a men 's size 13 ! That was a relief ! Thanks !
 I like black sneakers best because you can pull them off going to casual social things like neighborhood parties , cookouts , etc. and they dont look dumpy.these are comforatable and break in nicely .
 buen articulo llego a la fecha sin ning&uacute;n problema 100 % confiable el vendedor , operacion realizada sin ningun tipo de incoveniente el producto llena mi perspectiva
 This product speaks for itself . These are very nice casual shoes and a rugged . It 's great and is very comfortable and easy to put on .
 Shoes came in on time and they are a perfect fit ! I bought them in size 7 although I usually wear a size 7.5 so they do run a little long . Otherwise , I love my converse !
 I 'm wearing these bad boys right now . These sneakers have a sexy look to them , and you ca n't go wrong with classic chucks at this price . Buy them ! Every one should have black and white sneakers in their collection . They feel great , and I have n't had any problems with them yet . This is well worth the purchase . : - -RRB-
 I just picked these up for my uniform working at A&F , and I got ta say there 's a reason they 'll never go out of style . These shoes are damn fine , and they 're the only thing I own that 'll really fit my flat feet . My roommate/coworker gets a lot of use out of them , too .
 Because I live in the city , I do not have time or transportation to get items such as these . It was so convenient and I saved a little $ $ $ !
 The tennis shoes arrived quickly . They fit , as always and arte a great value
 I received this order all the way from California to West Virginia in THREE DAYS . . the shoes are great and I highly recommend this company !
 These were exactly what I expected . They are very comfortable , however , beware there is little arch support . Therefore they not be as good for long walking or running , but othewise are very comfortable . Also I got them for summer wear with shorts . I figured the black would go with most items . Also they will be cooler than the Chuck Taylor high tops for spring and summer . The order was received on time and as expected . The price through Amazon was very good when taking into account the shipping charges . Also I was only to able to find the size I wanted through Amazon.com .
 this is my first time buying from amazon and it was a great experience . with 3-5 day shipping they came in 3 days . the shoes are great of course . this is my third pair of converse so i knew what to expect . they were in perfect condition when i received them . definitely do n't hesitate to buy !
 I am very satisfied with my recent Amazon purchase . My All Stars came significantly earlier than the prospected delivery date ! I am extremely satisfied with the seller ! Thank you Amazon !
 These shoes fit me just fine . Of course I had to buy it one size down which is typical for converse shoes , but otherwise I have nothing to complain about .
 Sweeet ! ... my boy is flipping over these . He wants to wear them everywhere - I drew the line at church .
 The shoes arrived quickly , size was correct and shoes were exactly what we needed ! Price was lower than any of the local vendors ! Thanks !
 I 'm a converse wearing kind of girl , And these are my favorite by far ! I have roughly about 10 pairs of converse they are the only shoes I wear . They we 're affordable and so comfortable ! Great buy !
 i 've own chuck taylor almost all of my life , and they are still growing strong , they 're back in style , and in all colors , thank you .
 Love my chucks . This is my second pair . The blue goes with everything . I teach preschool and they are comfortable and fun to wear to work .
 I love my Converse shoes . I know my size and I know that they will fit . Needless to say , when the shoes arrived they were in great condition ! They fit . No problems and no need for a return or exchange .
 I bought them as a present for my boyfriend and he could n't be happier . The color is vibrant and full of life ! Also , converse are great shoes .
 I have been wearing Chucks since I came out of the womb . I 've been through many pairs , and after I decided to retire my old black ones due to a blown out heel I wanted to go with something new . The white is really an eye catching color , and more subdued in person than some of the pictures out there . BE WARNED , Chucks are about a size bigger than your actual shoe size . For example I wear a size 7 in women 's , which would be a size 5 in Chucks , but these are really too big so I went with the size 4 . I find the white adds some contrast , especially if you wear dark colors like I do .
 I felt that my karma would be bad if I did n't take a moment to describe my experience in dealing with GrandSlamNY . I purchased a pair of Converse All Star 's for my girlfriend for Christmas . I got the size she asked for -LRB- even took into account the additional information supplied on the site about how the size of this particular shoe runs about a size big . When they arrived they were too big ! I THEN checked the return policy and saw that the period had expired -LRB- I partied hard during the holidays and the shoes were returned close to 4 weeks after purchase . I sent an email to the owner of the store and he told me to send them back for exchange . I did so and received the new pair 4 days after mailing the incorrect pair back to him . I will do business with them again because , on top of everything , for the size I needed , GrandSlam had the lowest price . Good lookin , David .
 Great ! Large size 16 , cheap , comfortable and my fiance will look great wearing these shoes at our wedding . Thank you !
 excelente . . !! los recomiendo !! compra segura y a tiempo . ! saludos desde ecuador ! los zapatos llegaron a mi pais sin ninguna novedad . . !!
 This shoe is exactly what my son wanted . The quality much better than cheaper versions . This is the real converse shoe
 The shoes came earlier than expected , with the box nicely rapped and everything . I thought it would 've been alittle small but it was perfect , nice and clean
 That 's a product with a long tradition in market and I just was replacing my old sneakers . Coverse really rules .
 These were my first converse , and I was a bit hesitant to buy a pair online , so I went to Khols and tried on a pair there to find the correct size . I bought the Black Monochrome , and they are stylish and comfortable . And look great ! I have had several compliments on them in the first week or so . A great buy !
 Bought as a Christmas gift for my son ... he has n't seen them yet but the overall service dealing with Amazon is always great & the shoes look pretty awesome , I think he will love them
 estos zapatos son realmente bellos y comodos ... la flexibilidad , adicionalmente el envio fue realmente rapido y seguro.recomiendo ampliamente la compra de este producto.muchas gracias
 Did exactly what I thought they would . Which is , be shoes . I am still wearing them and probably will continue to wear them for some time .
 I wear a size 9 to 10 and these fit the best . I love how I was able to find the half size on here . A very sexy chuck . I wear to work and also out
 This shoe was true to size and a perfect shoe ! The color is the best red ! Ca n't go wrong with a Chuck Taylor !
 Exactly what I was looking for . Quick with no hassles . Beats gas , time and crowds that are experienced when going to a brick and mortar store .
 Great with jeans , great for fun and sport but mostly a universal staple in ones wardrobe man or woman ! I would order them again and in every color of the rainbow . I am not thinking of the high tops and the other higher tie up ones .
 If you buy a Chuck Taylor , you know want you want , they are the classics , fits right usually I use 71/2 but in this case the 8 size fits better , most comfortable .
 Folks , what more we can say about converse ? its a classic ! its GOOD , GREAT , good quality , in love . Everyone must have one . My experience its a great shoe and resistent - the most important .
 I got these for my brother for Christmas , and he loved them . What more can i say ? Converses are awesome for anybody !
 I bought these for my mother who has had lifelong shopping issues in regards to her feet . She said she loves these shoes and they fit wonderfully .
 I 've always loved Converse shoes ! this is awesome ! the size is right at the description because i was buying it in a woman 's size .
 El producto fue entregado en el tiempo establecido , Producto original , Departamento 100 % garantizado , los converse chuck taylor negros son los clasicos y por ser as&iacute; son los mejores
 Good ppl had a problem with my tracking number so i emailed them and with great responce my questions were answered . .
 It is exactly as described on the post . I 'm very pleased and I highly recommend the product if you like converse products of course
 100 por ciento complacido con la compra , llegaron en buenas condiciones y son de muy buena calidad . Altamente recomendados y a muy buen precio . Gracias .
 the only problem i had with this shoe was the sizing , i usually wears 8 or 8.5 but the size i bought was 5.5 so it was a little bit unusual !!!
 Este producto cumple con mis espectativas , lo recomiendo a los futuros compradores , es por esto que mi calificacion a sido la maxima . Comprar por medio de Amazon es seguro y puntual ...
 If you are reading this review you probably already own a pair of Chucks . I love the look and feel of the Lo Top ones . They look great and feel great .
 I LOVE CHUCKS . Have them in many colors and styles ! Have been buying them for years , and know what to expect . Sizing differences can be handled if you pick one size , usually one half a shoe size for tie ups , and one shoe size for slip ons .
 This is the classic Converse , basic black sneaker . They fit fine on my wide feet , and they have them here in half sizes and in women 's sizes.They 're a good price here and you ca n't go wrong with the black/white basic Converse sneaker . They 're good for mom 's , teens and kids , both male and female.The only drawback might be that they lack arch support.I would recommend this shoe to anyone except someone with really flat feet .
 Now that my daughter has received the correct size the sneakers are perfect . I had no bad experience with this vendor . Keep up the good work .
 Converse All Stars , a classic . Love them . They 're very comfortable and they 're perfect for a night at the movies or just hanging out with the guys.Obviously they do not have much support or cushion -LRB- and I was n't expecting any -RRB- . If I was going to be on my feet all day or doing something real active this is not the shoe I would choose.The service here was excellent . I could n't be more pleased .
 I orderd wrong color ... but I love it !! This style never get old .
 Sent these to my daughter in law in Calif I live in Indiana very convient . She let me know what size and color also sent her a picture and a birthday message Very nice . very happy very very satisified
 My orginal order was too big , however the instructions on how to reorder and ship back so as to maintain the free shipping offer were very clear and concise . The new pair arrived very quickly and were exactly as expected .
 I have been looking for a year for lowtop converse in red for my daughter . On the rare occasion that I found a pair , it was not the size I needed.I had no trouble locating them through Amazon . They arrived in plenty of time for Christmas and my daughter is thrilled . It was exactly what she wanted .
 I love these shoes - they 're classic , versatile and comfortable . They wear into the shape of your foot and become like a favorite pair of jeans - worn in all the right places , fitted to your form and reliable . I have two pairs of these and I just bought another pair for my boyfriend -LRB- who is now hooked -RRB- .
 Love the product ... the style is classic what more can I say . The only thing that I need to remember is that they run a half a size too large . But other then that ... wonderful product !
 All-Stars , Old School , Awful . Delivered in France , in times.Amazon 's the only place where i can find huge shoes size.First purchase , definitly not last .
 I find these shoes to be the most comfortable things in the world . They complement my clothes very well . But the down side is that with all of the snow we have recieved here on the east coast ... wearing them outside is not a good idea . Especially if you want to keep you feet warm . But all in all ... I love my shoes .
 Was very thankful these arrived so soon after ordering , was a last minute item ... and my daughter loves them ... she now has 2 pairs . . and is planning on collecting them for different colors ... Thank youShelia Sale/VA
 quick response , fast delivery , great shoes for just about any outfit .
 The color is amazing ! If you wear any Brown Tees this is the must have shoe !
 I got these for my wife and she loves them I pretty much can get her a pair every year for xmas .
 My classmates would show up to school with red , green , white , and black , and numerous other color schemed Converse , and wear them all day , every day ... even during P.E. -LRB- now THAT tells you something -RRB- . Their conversations would be full of `` Are you getting new low tops or high tops ? They 're on sale today ! '' or `` Cute Converse !!! '' . I 'd smile and wave them on . Converse ... REALLY ? What in the world is so great about Converse?I used to see Converse as unneccessary , too common , and not worth the money . Boy , was I wrong ! I recently purchased my first pair of Converse over Spring Break . The first thing I said when I wore them for the first time was `` WOW , ARE THESE LIGHT !!!! '' They are extremely comfy and can go with almost any outfit ! And , while the stylishness of Converse may be an opinionated topic for some , I think these are the cutest shoes in the world . No wonder so many people love them . I can say with confidence that these will not be my only pair ;-RRB- So , with that in mind , if you do not own a pair of Converse , check them out . You 'll be glad you did . Believe me .
 I had the experience of having to exchange these shoes . It was fairly simple and I had no issues . I ordered them as a Christmas present for my daughter . They arrived fairly quickly in the mail . Though we ordered her normal size , they were about 1/2 size too large . So I followed the online instructions and sent them back for an exchange . I received a replacement in just a little over a week . I was impressed with the quick turnaround . The only drawback is that I had to pay to ship them back and also include a check for $ 7.99 to cover shipping of the new shoes .
 I 've been shopping around for a good pair of Converse for a while , thinking that I could find them for under $ 20.00 if I looked hard enough . My last pair , which I bought three years ago , was $ 20 , and I thought surely I could find more for less than the $ 35-45 price tag I was seeing . Stupid inflation.I finally bought these when I realized if I was going to get a new pair , I had to cough up the extra dough . I 'm really glad I did . I wore the last pair all the time , and though they 're still comfortable and I 'm far too attached to them to throw them away , they have holes in the leather and in the sole , and they smell something foul when it rains . I have no doubt that these canvas Converse Chuck 's will last just as long and be just as comfortable , and my first few wears makes me confident that I 'm right . My last pair was leather , but the same shoe style , so I do n't know if the fabric of these will stretch . I do know that the leather ones never did , it only got a little less structured after three years of wear.What I like :1 . These are meant to wear as regular sneakers , so while you do n't want to go on a run with them , they are just as comfortable if you 're going on a long walk . There 's no chafing on the heel no matter how far I go , and the support means they 're not going to destroy your lower back if you find yourself walking or standing all day .2 . For me , at least , they fit true to size . I have wide feet , but the design of the shoe means I can lace them tighter or looser and not worry about them cutting into my circulation or falling off .3 . I got the navy blue ones , and the color is exactly what you see in the product picture . It 's vibrant , but not bright , and well-dyed and even-toned . As for dislikes , well ... there 's nothing I dislike about Converse , so you 're asking the wrong person if you 're looking for complaints . All Converse I 've ever owned are comfortable and simple , and I think it 's what the brand does best .
 Great product , bought them as a gift for my girlfriend and she could n't have been happier . Great shoes , very quick deliver , no problems .
 Got the shoes really fast , however they did n't fit . Called the number got the information to verify they had the one I wanted in my size . Returned and got the replacement even faster than the original order . Excellent service . Will definately shop here again .
 Red chucks was all my 17 year old wanted for Christmas . We did n't thinkthey would make it in time . The did and my childs face was priceless!Thank you .
 With Christmas looming , I ordered these blue Converse Lo Tops . They arrived immediately ! Crisp , new and perfect fit for my daughter.The extra pair of navy shoelaces arrived two weeks later , separately . No problem , we all had a good laugh over the arrival of onepair of shoelaces , amidst all the flurry of Christmas packages . Thank you !
 I get so many compliments on my chuck taylors ' they bring back the good old days and so comfortable !! I wore these when I was a kid !!
 I find it hard to get chuck taylors in size 12 in stores around my area . It was nice to see they had them here on amazon in a mulitple of styles at great prices . The shipping was faster than I could of imagined and I plan to order future products from this provider .
 The shoes arrived in perfect condition , true to size -LRB- 10.5 -RRB- fabulous bright red color , not a problem at all . Would definitley do business with the seller again . Thank you !
 daughter loves these shoes for school . fast shipment with no issues . will buy again from this seller .
 We have an adopted daughter that lives in Spain . We purchased these Converse shoes for her . When she visited us in Canada she was looking for a pair of black converse . At the moment that my husband and I saw them we purchased and sent to her immediately . She has been such a pleasure in our lives and a `` Big Sister '' to our daughter . We have heard from her since she has received them and she loves them.As for service from Amazon and Last Pairs , very prompt and professional . Thank you for making Olga 's `` special gift '' a memory for all of us .
 This is the second Converse Low Top I bought this week because of sizing error -LRB- my fault -RRB- . I ordered a size 10 in Mens the first time because I 'm a legit size 10.5 Mens in every other shoe I wear . The shoes were received quickly by mail and the quality is great . When I tried them on , I had a good amount of space inside the shoes to move my toes which was too much for me . These size 9.5 shoes are a perfect fit . The sellers advice is spot on about sizing . Order 1 size down from your usual shoe size if you want a good fit . Other than that , these shoes are great for casual walking and weight training . I use them for dead lifting and squatting . Definitely recommend these shoes to anyone !
 I had a pair of Converse Chuck Taylor High tops that I used to wear all of the time . After about 4 years I wore them out and into the ground . I decided I want to buy some low tops to replace it so I can wear it with some shorts . They came as described and even with an extra pair of red laces .
 I had to buy several Converse All-Star shoes for my newly formed basketball league . The wife recommended buying them at the German retail giant Kohl 's . She wanted to use the 30 % off coupon . But for some reason them Germans do n't want to carry the in-between shoe sizes for those rare instances of humans that fit somewhere in the middle of 10 and 11 . Thanks to the a seller on the Amazon Marketplace , I was able to get a pair at a comparable price that was shipped merely a day later after ordering ! Yay to my new league getting to finally play their first game !
 Like blue jeans and pocket T-shirts , Chucks will never go out of style . Instantly comfortable , there is n't the `` break in '' period you have with most shoes . These are simply the greatest casual shoe of all time .
 My mom would never wear these unless I bought them , but she loves them !!! They are uber comfortable and she feels like a teenager again !
 I bought a pair of these for my boyfriend as a present . They fit true to size and are stylish . He has always wanted a pair and is now very happy to have some ! After a few months they are holding up well and clean up easily with a wet rag and maybe a little soap .
 i am on my 2nd pair of converse monochromes and these are the only shoes i wear and will ever wear . I wear them with jeans , i wear them with black slacks , i wear them playing basketball , etc. etc. etc. . They look awesome , they are super comfortable , they do n't get dirty and they last about 2 years with every day wear . I threw my last pair away because i kept wearing them even though they had holes in them because i liked them so much . Pretty much if i could buy a subscription to shoes where they would send me a new pair every year I would probably do it and then just never have to worry about footwear again.Actually , this is a good idea - converse send me a pair every year please
 I got hooked up with these Chuck Taylor 's in a jiffy . They were shipped right away and they fit like a glove ... Thanks Amazon , I still use you here in China !
 These shoes are a little high price wise , but you ca n't beat the convenience . Right at your doorstep and back into childhood for just a few extra dollars . No brainer . Will be back for more .
 These shoes are a great throw back to when I was a teenager . My daughters love them . They look super cute with any outfit - it does n't have t be athletic
 The shoes were in excellent quality and the size and the color were correct . Very good product . I am very happy with my purchase .
 Needed for a wedding and they worked . They are a little tight but I 'm stretching them out , width wise but other than I like them a lot !
 Im not a big fan of sneakers , but these shoes I now want in every color . They are so comfortable and a must have to every college student . Love them !
 These shoes are a classic and are very comfortable , but , you have to be careful or they will rip . mine ripped in the first month
 Time-tested . This shoe goes really well with a great number of things , and I find myself wearing them even when the snow is piled high solely because I like the look.Protip
 EXCELENTE PRODUCTO , VENDIDO TAL COMO DESCRIBE EN LA WEB DE AMAZON , RECOMENDADO ESPECIALMENTE PARA QUIENES DESEEN DARSE UN REGALO Y AHORRAR AL MISMO TIEMPO
 This was a Christmas present for my son . He loves and wears Chuck Taylor All Star OX shoes . He has several pairs .
 buenos zapatos , excelente producto y llego a tiempo , por lo tanto lo recomiendo cien por ciento . saludos a todos -LRB- a b c d -RRB-
 While I 'm not the one wearing them , they certainly are attractive and classic in style . Build quality appeared good . We are actually going to laser engrave on the side of the canvas part to customize for a friend . They will be Supah cool !
 This purchase was another gift for Christmas . I bought this particular pair of shoes for my wife . Although it was not a direct Amazon.com purchase and I was redirected to another site , the process was easy . The shoes were shipped fast and on time , there was great communication from the site that sold them . Another great purchase !
 I love my new shoes ! They fit great and I got them in no time . Thanks . * * * *
 Very cute my husband is 67 but he still loves his converse allstars ! Thanks !! Every thing is up to loving !
 I love Converse and this is my ninth pair . Not of the shoe of the same color though . I 'm fairly meticulous about taking care of my shoes so all of the ones I own -LRB- some for more than 5 years ! -RRB- still look brand new with moderate wear . They 're comfartable , durable , versatile , and flat out cool . Go buy them if you 've never owned a pair !
 Exactly as was expected , good very durable shoes . Very clean and wearable . Would definitely purchase again , nice to wear out .
 I could n't purchase these anyplace in town and as usual you had them available for me ! I got them in record time and ready to send off for a christmas gift .
 These are all black Chucks ! You get what you would normally expect from Chucks . What else can you say ? Love em
 I GOT MY SHOES IN THE MAIL VERY FAST I LOVE THEM THEY GO WITH EVERYTHING I WEAR I RECOMMEND YOU BUY THEM .
 These are good shoes . They have a classic look and the monochrome look adds a nice little something something . A good , safe buy .
 I love chucks !!! what more can I say , super comfortable and clean.Cant weight to break em in and wait till they look old
 I bought these for a gift . The recipient loved them . Apparently it is hard to find the half sizes in stores with this shoe . No complaints with these .
 They are chucks ! You cant go wrong ! Best shoe out there for the price , you give up a litle comfortability but they do what they are meant to do !
 zapatos de excelente calidad , muy comodos para realizar cualquier actividad llegaron en el tiempo acordado y sin ninguna novedad los recomiendo ampliamente
 Outstanding shoes ! Just like I remembered from high school years ago . I was glad to see them make a comeback and the price is great too .
 Talk about an old reliable . Takes a licking and keeps on ticking.Converse ALL Stars are tough and have put up to the test of time.May not be the most comfortable pairs of sneakers I own . But they are great for everyday use.Highly recommend them .
 I got a pair for myself and absolutely loved them . They are comfortable and versatile . My husband liked them , too , and wanted a pair for himself . So now we have a pair of matching shoes that we each enjoy . They were delivered in a timely manner -LRB- both times -RRB- ... I recommend these shoes and this seller .
 I have n't worn converse for years ! I forgot how wonderful they felt and how much fun it is to wear them . I 'm a stay at home mom and want to get `` dressed to shoes '' every morning in some lace up shoes . I do n't really like the look of white athletic type shoes unless I 'm exercising . I love my new converse shoes !
 I was extremely satisfied . The shipping was BEYOND fast ! I got my shoes the next day.My husband has some old blue ones and I wanted to get him ones in black . I checked for his shoe size for Chuck 's -LRB- since they tend to be a size or a size and a half longer then the normal shoe size -RRB- .
 In nostalgic moment , I decided I needed some Chucks . As a teen I wanted red ones but never got any , so now at 55 , I said what the heck . They are as lightweight and comfortable as I remember . A great buy .
 These things are timeless . Their image is undeniable . My only complaint is that they are kind of thin and flat ; if you 're looking for cushy comfort shoes , they are n't for you .
 I bought these shoes a few years ago for walking around , but did n't wear them much because of how uncomfortable they are for long walks and/or running.However , I 've found that these shoes make excellent and inexpensive shoes for weight lifting , especially during squats , as well as for heavy bag work when boxing . These shoes have very little cushioning other than the hard rubber soles , but this gives you an excellent and stable plant so that your can perform squats with much better traction and balance than in heavily cushioned running shoes.The material of the outsole , the bottom of the shoe , is such that it gives you traction when you need it , can be easily avoided when you do n't . My feet are squarely planted for squats , lunges , and heavy lifting - they do n't slide . They plant well , and I get good form.However , when I 'm doing heavy bag work , they are extremely easy to pivot in and let me easily pivot my feet and hips to delivery quick and strong punches and round house kicks to heavy bags - a much better feeling than even going barefoot , unless I were to use a lot of talcum powder on my feet .
 Oh these are lovely . The colour is just one of a kind . Thoroughly enjoying them . i think I will buy another pair as at the rate that I am wearing them , they might not lat long ...
 What can be said about a pair of canvas tennis shoes ? They fit , the laces tie , I wear them .
 I love shoes ... I couldnt wait to get these ... I had them in a few days and their great . I even got a pair for my son . I recomend the shoes and Amazon !!
 I 've been wearing Chuck 's since I was a kid ... still wearing them ... I 'm in my 40 's now . Great tennis shoe ... tons of colors ... I have 4 pairs.A Classic !!
 My only probelm with these shoes are that they are not comfortable at all . do buy some type of inserts . .
 I bought these shoes for my daughter a few months ago because we could not find them at the store . It was well worth the risk of buying them the wrong size because they are exactly what she was looking for . They do n't look cheap , they 're not noticeably dirty even when they are , and for a girl mostly importantly , is that they match just about any outfit . We ca n't find anything negative to say about these shoes .
 love these shoes . no trouble with purchase . fit just perfect . love these shoes . love this brand . love this color . love
 These are the most comfortable shoes I 've had in a very long while , and they fit like a glove ! I have n't owned a pair of converse in well over 3 years , and I 'm so happy I decided to buy a new pair . Will definitely keep buying from all-star for a long time to come .
 The purchase took place as expected in estimasdo time , and with respect to the product announcement being sold agrees with what is expected without any complications or problems arise
 Shoes arrived in original box ; pristine condition ; exactly what I ordered.HOwever , we ordered the wrong size . Return was handled well ; account to be credited for purchase price only . No shoes in stock in the size we needed , and it would be spring before any more arrived . When you see your size , order it ASAP .
 now that she is a bit older , i would have preferred she look at shoes with a little more support and cushioning especially around the ankle areabut nooooooo , she insisted on Chucks again after not wearing them for 15 yearsaaaand , she loves them : -RRB-
 Great purchase ! Great service ! Great delivery ! my boyfriend was very happy with his present . Thank you for making it so easy
 These shoes look good , they feel good , and they do n't cost much . If you 're feet are strong enough , you can even run in these -LRB- I do -RRB- .
 The way one dresses is a form of expressing our likes and interests , we express our style down to the shoe , literally . Having such a vast variety of brands to chose from , what style and price suits best to an individual can be challenging . So why not save a couple dollars on a good pair of shoes that can give you style , comfort , and suit both male and female gender ? Converse foot wear is the perfect answer for all of these categories by offering everything one can ask for . What was started in 1908 by Marquis Mills Converse with Chuck Taylor joining in 1918 as a sneaker for athletic wear would become a stye trend by the 1950 's . The Chuck Taylor All Star collection is the most popular collection from the converse brand with the wide range of colors it has to offer.In this tough economic time everyone is trying to get the best deal on the products they want most , no one wants to spend over one hundred dollars on a pair of shoes because we can not afford it , or we 're just trying to spend our money wisely . Converse prices range anywhere from thirty to eighty dollars depending on the style of the shoe . Some of Converse competitors are Nike and Vans both having decent shoes but at ridiculous prices both having shoes start at fifty dollars and going over a hundred dollars , which is not worth the money . Luckily All Stars can save you a couple dollars and still be stylish.Not only is the price reasonable for this product but you also get an enormous variety of colors to select from making your possibilities endless . From personal experience I have used over 10 pairs of Chuck Taylor 's and have many colors and styles to chose from . This collection being my favorite , with the options of choosing either high tops or the classic low tops one can not go wrong.The classic style of the black and white low top is simply a must have for everyones closet . These shoes are long lasting and comfortable to wear the entire day . Having worn both Vans and Nike 's in the past they were no where near being as comfortable as chucks are . No one wants to walk around with blisters on there feet from having a bad pair of shoes.Converse suit a broad range of ages from infants , teenagers , to young adults and even mature adults . Both male and female foot wear run in very similar looks making it almost hard to know which shoe is male and which is female which is great . From previously being a high school student and now in college I saw that this age group gets the biggest use out of chucks since they have a simple sold look to them and in no way are uncomfortable . These shoes are for a more casual look , and fit to any persons style , so they 're for every day use making it easy in the morning not having to decided what style of shoe you 'll wear because you 'll know exactly what pair of shoe to reach for.Having comfort , style , and a great price for a pair of shoes makes ones choices endless , and makes you want to get more than just one pair of shoes . So why would n't you want to go get a pair of Chuck Taylor Converse , It is the best choice you can ask for and you most defiantly wont regret buying this pair of shoes . Best way to go is to purchase a cheap pair of shoes that look great a provide the best comfort as apposed to having a good looking pair of shoes on the exterior and uncomfortable on the interior .
 I ordered these a while back and I simply love them . They are fun , yet stylishly funky , and go with just about anything . The only downsides I can think of is that they do n't have much traction , so I ca n't wear them as often as I would like during these long Wyoming winters.Go ahead and buy a pair ! You wo n't regret it !
 Customer Service was quick to reply as well as very helpful . The item arrived fast and in perfect condition . Excellent service .
 Great purchase . The only place we could find these shoes in the right color . Fast and quick .
 I have purchased six pairs of these wonderfully comfortable shoes that can be worn with many different types of outfits .
 These shoes were exactly what I was looking for . The price was the best I 've seen anywhere . I could n't be happier .
 I have been wearing this make of Converse for about 5 years now , it 's just the type of shoe I like to wear . Since I 've been wearing these shoes for so long I found it easier and more convinent to just by them online . But I do not purchase shoes online regularly . I was a little apprehensive purchasing them online only for fear that I might end up with a different style then what I am use to . Fourtunately the picture represents exactly what you are ordering , in addition to the description . I received my order a little later than I would 've liked -LRB- i think it was on the 5th day which is nothing major -RRB- . The size , and style were correct , the shoes even came laced up which allowed me to just slip them right on and throw the old ones out which I appreciated . Ummm ... they feel like all the other pairs I have owned , and since this review focuses more on the seller I dont have any complaints about comfort or support because I knew what I was buying . So in summary the seller was good , my order was accurate in size and style , and my Chuck Taylor 's have been replaced yet again !
 they are so confortable and so cool and nice too wear.i love them and i would buy 10 more if i could .
 Purchased for my daughter . She loves the sneaker , runs slightly larger than normal shoe size . I would order 1/2 size smaller .
 After wearing the high tops for basketball , I wanted a pair of the low tops that I could wear in the summer with shorts without looking like a complete idiot . These are possibly my favorite shoes -LRB- bearing in mind , I 'm a guy -RRB- . They 're comfortable , and since they 're made of canvas , my feet do n't get hot while wearing them . I have n't had a problem with them getting cold either . I 'd say the biggest plus over the high tops is the ease in which I 'm able to put them on . You dont have to unlace half the shoe to be able to put your foot in it . The only disappointment I have is that the shoes are n't any less expensive on amazon as they are in retailers around my area .
 These shoes are great they look nice too ! The only thing is that they do n't have great arch support so I suggest getting some Dr Scholls Insoles .
 Bought them for my husband 's bday early this year , so far he doesnt complain . He said they are comfi . And ithey are also very stylish in every outfits ; formal and casual . They are also cheaper than in stores . They are white , so of course will be so easy to get dirty but to me the dirtier they get , the more stylist they are . Lol .
 Happy with purchase.Customer Service was great when I emailed informing them that I had not recieved order.Order recieved 2 days later ... Thanks
 I wore out my first pair after 2 years . I have to have these in my shoe rack , have alot of other more expensive shoes but these are far and away my favorite !
 You 've seen these shoes everywhere ... right ? Well theres a reason for it ! They are SO comfortable and virtually go with ANY outfit ! I love them and wear them everyday ! :-RRB- BUY THESE SHOES and you wo n't regret it -LRB- unless YOU order the wrong size ! -RRB-
 Converse Unisex Chuck Taylor All Star Plaid Hi SneakerGreat shoes at a great price ! My daughter loves them : -RRB-
 The shoes have a very fresh look but they are so hard to clean being that there white definetly not your every day pair of shoes .
 An Excelent choice . They are very good for everyday use . Accesible price . I am very satisfied and I recommend it .
 I dont think I would recommend these for sports but they are great for just walking . I work in the city and have to dress up but weather permitting , I always walk from my car or train to the office in these , and then change to my formal shoes . Going home , I do the reverse . I find them very comfortable and they hold up well . I highly recommend them for these types of activities but they dont have enough tread for sports .
 I bought this pair of converse for my daughter , and she loves them . They are so comfortable to wear and great quality as well .
 OMG ! i 've worn my converse everyday for an entire school year an the worst that happened was a few small holes that gave it a distressed look . you can just throw them in the washing machine an they come out as white as they were when you bought them . i got new ones after 1 year because the bottoms began to wear out slightly -LRB- emphasis on slightly -RRB- . overall , best sneakers you will find anywhere!p.s . they look better when the laces are loose not extremely tight .
 these shoes were exactly what i was hoping for . they are my first pair of chucks and i must say i LOVE them !!! i want them in every color possible ! =P super comfortable too ... i could wear them forever !
 I loved these shoes when I got them . They Rock . The company Dress Code is great also they were really good to me when I received my shoes unfortunately they did n't fit so I had to return them for a pair one size bigger . Anyway I did n't have the money at that time to send them back right away so I told them I would send them back as soon as I got paid and to my surprise a few days later I received a prepaid return label from them it was great . Now I am able to send them back right away I am very happy with everything .
 They are the shoe of shoes . I own multiple pair in different colors . They are great shoes and will last you ... Be carful they can rub your skin raw if you do n't properly tighten them.i could wear these shoes for days .
 I bought this converses for my daughter with the idea of a weekend shoes . When she saw it she loved it so much she uses it for school . She loves them !
 my son bought these with his own money and we were disappionted to find out the sizes run very large . Was n't made very well , sides began falling apart . Would n't buy this one again . Did arrive quickly .
 i had a converse b4 but it was getting really old so i decided to buy a new one . it was just as i wanted it to be . its sure NOT to disappoint .
 These are my 4th pair of Converse , the shoes are comfortable , affordable and a classic ! I already have them in black , navy blue and graffiti , so I decided to get a color more on the girly side so my friends stop saying `` are you into the emo thing now ? '' , that did n't work , but I have a new pair of low tops that I totally adore !! The shipping with lasership was incredibly fast I ordered on sunday with Free Shipping and got them Wednesday !!
 I love these shoes and have owned many Chuck Taylor Converse shoes for 30 years . I did forget that when getting this shoe I must order a size smaller than my regular shoe size . This can be frustrating when ordering shoes online , so do n't forget to order 1size down : -RRB-
 Why does n't anybody state that they run full size large ? Maybe it 's not even worth mentioning as everybody knows that , but I 've never had experience with Converse before . I bought those in size 10 -LRB- men 's -RRB- for my brother -LRB- he always wears 10 -RRB- and they are big even for my husband -LRB- who wears 11 -RRB- . Other than that they are OK , good quality .
 I bought these basically since my other shoes were worn out and I noticed with certain weight lifting routines such as squats and dead lifts my weight would shift easy . I needed something close to the ground and not much cushion and these were it . I found with my other shoes I would start to slowly shift forward or backwards on them since they were so cushioned and I found myself off balance a lot . These shoes cleared that up for me but I will say arch support is almost nonexistant so I had to go find some small inserts because they were kind of uncomfortable at first and these things are kind of thin too . So if you go with inserts make sure they are n't very thick . I highly recommend not running in these since they do n't have supports or very much cushion at all . They are good for walking but I can not imagine running a mile or so in them without crippling foot pain.I did n't buy these at Amazon since I wanted to make sure I liked them before I bought them . I did n't really buy them for any fashion or anything since I could really care less about that . The color is what I like since I really do n't like Chuck Taylors that have white and another color . The black was perfect for me since it basic fit my color palette of clothing I wear . My wife says they look good on me so I will take her word for it but than again she may be humoring herself . These were my first pair of Converses and for the price you really can not go wrong since I can imagine myself hanging onto these for a good amount of time .
 I asked for a black converse all star . Shoes arrive on time as schedules and in perfect condition ! They came in their original box .
 Bought these for working in a bar so I 'd have a pair of shoes I could pretty much destroy and they 've held up really well . The first few weeks were a little brutal though as it took my feet a while to adjust to the soles but , once they did , it was smooth sailing.Another thing , they 're not as light colored as they are in the pictures here on Amazon . Mine were a few blue shades darker than the above pics .
 I own 5 pairs of Converse sneaks , my daughter has 3 pairs , and my son has 2 pairs . We all really love our Chucks . But this is my first pair of the low top kind . I love them so much . They are really comfortable and easy to slip on and off , and so very black so they go with any kind of casual clothing well.If you 're buying Converse for the first time , be aware they run just a touch big . This is wonderful for my son who has fairly wide feet , but the rest of us usually buy a half size small .
 Since Nike bought Converse the have altered the shoe . There used to be an extra piece of stitched canvas on the inner part just below the big toe and stitching through the back heal of the canvas . The show is basically the same , except without this extra stitching and canvas they do not last as long .
 I was very pleased to get these shoes , they 're very iconic no matter where you go and look great with just about any casual outfit . But after about 10 months of having these , rips between the rubber parts of the shoe and the cloth began to seperate . I 'm not sure whether this is due to how my feet fit within the shoe . After trying to fix the seams myself , the shoes soon began to just fall apart really and just became really unwearable . If they were cheaper I would consider getting a second pair and maybe another different pair of shoes along with them . Overall they 're still nice shoes , but they may need to be pampered somewhat for them to last a long time .
 Very quick and easy , description was perfect . I went and tried them on in the store first just to make sure of the size . I usually where a 7 or 7.5 in most shoes , but wear a 6 in these.Delivered faster than expected!All in all it was a great deal !
 i said the always fauthful converse 'cause its simply the best shoe i ever had , they gim me all the confort that i need to walk very much !!!! i mean walk A LOT !!!!
 The last time I wore a pair of chucks was back in the early 80 's . They are just as I remembered them . They are comfortable and easy to break in , plus my feet do n't hurt after wearing them all day . Awesome shoes !! I 'll be buying another pair .
 I ordered these in the Grey color . Just be forewarned , they are much more of a tan/taupe color than the dove-grey I was hoping for -- but they are still super cute and will match anything . They look pretty much like the photo in color.These also feel sturdier than Chucks I 've had in the past .
 The product is excellent , just send me the color is not requested , although in the case said White , the content was dirty unbleached white
 I had my first pair of Converse All-stars in high school in the early 1960 's . That was before they were known as `` Chucks . '' They were , and still are , the best basketball sneakers around . They 're good for everyday workouts and just hanging around the house . Comfortable , inexpensive and they last just about forever .
 This a a great classic shoe -- just too bad they 're not made in the USA anymore .
 Ordered these for my granddaughter who is thrilled . They arrived in a short amount of time . Great service .
 The order was a birthday gift for a granddaughter . It arrived promptly at her house and upon opening the gift on her special day , she informed me that she LOVED them . Service was great .
 These are awsome . just like shown . shipping took a while but it was over christmas so it makes sense . Just as nice as the pictures showed ! Love the new CHucks
 Excelent shoes , very comfortable , I use it all the days for all my activities in house , at job , etc. . . , it 's not the first time I use converse low tops so , I can say , are very durable . . !! ... the most important is ... always remind me when I was a kid ... !!! hehehe ... this seller is great too , fast shipping and the items perfect ... recommended . . !!
 I am not pleased with the fact that I returned the item & requested an exchange of a smaller size . Instead I was given a refund even after I filled out the exchange request . This was a gift for my daughter & she was disappointed that they refused to make the exchange .
 Awesome shoes ! They 're the classic lo top in a modern color . Fit great , feel great , and goes with most outfits .
 I wanted red converse sneakers and could only find them at this merchant online -- they were priced below $ 30 and arrived in less than three days looking just as described .
 I ordered these shoes for my son who is a Crossfit Trainer . He wears a size 13 shoe so this is what I ordered . When the shoes arrived they were at least 2 sizes too large . My son said that they measured at least a size 14/15 . I had to return them . So if you are ordered these remember that they run very large .
 Very Fast ! I had the item within 2 days of placing the order , color and size correct . I was very pleased with the service .
 I love my Converse Chucks ! glad a picked grey , goes with alot of stuff . I usually wear a 9 or 8 & half n my chucks fit fine :-RRB- happy with my purchase !
 muy bien lo que se esperaba y en el tiempo estimado 100 % recomendado muy buena la compra del articulo
 These shoes were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she loves them . . She says they are very comfortable and snazzy.When these Converse shoes wear out , she will purchase another pair .
 I always liked Converse shoes and since i moved to the Dominican Republic , i 've gone thru my share of overpriced fakes . I 'm happy that i can get these online now . I like having shoes that go along with any type of clothing or colour ... any !!!! So yes , these are great and one can not go wrong in purchasing a pair unless u get the wrong size . I will definitely buy another or others in different colours . No regrets on this purchase .
 These are classic Converse shoes . They arrived quickly . The fit was true to size and they look great with our school uniform .
 I love my new shoes ! they fit great and look great . My daughter keeps taking them so I may have to get her a pair . nah , let her get her own !!
 I got these for my son 's 14th birthday . He was so excited he threw them on on the spot . He has worn them about a month now and they are still his favorites .
 my daughter is happy with the purchase . i had order in dec but received wrong size due men size instead of women size . it was my fault . the only complain it was that it took a long time from the time i sent it to get it replaced with correct size . that was my only complain it took a month to get it right . but is a cool sneaker and i did received correct one and my child is happy . yes i would recommend just when ordering make sure you click on the gender size -LRB- lol -RRB- if not you automactic received in male size .
 I love my shoes . They are comfortable and stylish . They are going to be the perfect little white tennies for the summer .
 En cuanto a calidad y precio Converse cumple con lo ofrecido , excelente calidad , durable y a la moda . Dispone para todos los gustos , edades , sin distincion , siempre innovadora
 Been wearing converse for years ; great shoes , came just as promised in the picture and description . Cheaper , even with the shipping expenses , then in the stores where you can find all black chucks . Shoes packaged very well ; shipping was ridiculously fast , had it in two days ; great amazon experience !
 I ordered these and when I got them they were everything I thought they would be . I love em !
 excellent !!! My daughter wanted red and we could n't find them anywhere , not even on the converse site . So we are real pleased with Amazon for finding them for us .
 Quick delivery and item was just as described . These are pretty hard to find so I was very happy to get these for my husband
 Very happy with these sneakers . Look great and feel comfortable . Want to buy another pair !!
 I enjoy them every time I wear them . Comfortable , sporty and hip enough so that my daughter 's friends actually listen to me .
 I 've bought these Converse shoes -LRB- both navy and white -RRB- for my son . They came on scheduled time . He liked them , wear every day .
 Sneakers were a gift for son-in-law . That 's the kind he likes . He 's happy .
 THE SHOES WERE A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR MY DAD . HE IS OLD SKOOL TO SAY THE LEAST . THE SHOES WERE LIKE PEOPLE BUYING THROWBACK JERSEYS . HE HAS NOT HAD ANY COMPLAINT ABOUT THE SHOES . TRUST ME THE SHOES HAVE GOT TO BE COMFORTABLE OR THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN RETUTNED INSTANTLY .
 The product was handled professionally by the supplier and the supplier rendered all assistance that was needed and the product was delivered on time . Good product , good job by supplier
 This shoe is as to be expected strong and durable for my teenager - she loves it and I am very happy with this purchase
 I was skeptical about the comfort level of these shoes , given their seemingly flat design . I was wrong ! These shoes are very comfortable and supportive . I wear them all the time . Best casual sneaker ! Great price .
 Girlfriend loved them . Price was better then local area stores . She has other colors of the same shoe so they last a lifetime .
 Could not love them any more if I tried ! Perfect fit , perfect color , perfect delivery . I especially loved being able to get a half size , which is often hard to do with Converse .
 product received in good time and we liked it because it was requested by me to give away and use
 When I got the chucks I started to train capoeira and I felt like I was stylin and profilin wwwooooo
 a great shoe , buy a size below what you usually wear . comfy , durable and a great casual look with jeans .
 Exactly as advertised the famous Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Sneaker is a great buy ! Looks great , fits great and is super comfortable . I highly recommend it !
 Wonderful sneakers ! They are comfortable and stylish . They run slightly large -LRB- I wear a size 7 shoe , so I ordered a 7 -RRB- . They are very roomie , but comfortable and I can wear thick socks with them if I need to .
 I bought it for my wife and she love them ... . they even come with extra red laces ... Everythin arrived on time and in perfect condition ... Thanks
 estoy feliz con la compra pues no conseguia numero grande en chile para mi esposo . ademas la entrega fue rapida
 Fast shipping . Thank You !! I bought these for my son . I may buy a 2nd pair . He normally wears a size 14 but in these I bought a 13 and they fit fine . He loves them .
 I 've been wearing Chuck Taylors since the mid-80 's but this is my first pair with a black outsole -LRB- all others have been the standard off white -RRB- . I went to a party over the weekend in a backyard that was very little grass , mostly dirt , and was able to just wipe off the outsole with a damp cloth . If I had gone in shoes with an off white outsole , they would have been trashed . I also like the fact that these seem just a litle more `` dressy '' than most canvas Chuck Taylors . Highly recommended .
 I ordered the `` Chuck Taylor '' Converse All Stars in Black , just because I think they go with almost everything . The packaging was fine and I had no issues with the product . It arrived before the projected date and looked exactly like the photo . The box did include two pairs of laces , both black and white . I 've been wearing Converse Chuck Taylors for years and needed to replace my pair that I 've worn out . I rotate my shoes , so they had just ran their course . I really enjoy these shoes , I like the look , the style -LRB- which is very classic -RRB- , and the comfort . These are the most recognized sneaker , ever . More people comment on these more than any other pair that I own . The only drawback is that they run large . Make sure when you order them , you order them to your true size . Other than that , I have had no issues . YMMV .
 Right out of the box I knew these were going to look awesome with casual clothes for work or fun -- Love the Navy color , the white laces are a stark contrast and complete the outfit.Enjoy wearing them !
 I 've been wearing Chuck Taylor 's since the varsity issued them in High School . I wear a half size -LRB- ca n't get them @ the mall -RRB- . Amazon had my size & color selection -LRB- this is the third pair I 've bought-I 'm still playing -RRB- . Everything else -LRB- convenience , getting the order right , getting them delivered quickly , etc. -RRB- was excellent . I 'll buy @ Amazon again .
 a highly recommended product that meets the expectations for what we buy and we are satisfied , so it was delivered on time and indicated that we received no news
 Love 'em and they arrived super fast ! They are very comfortable even though they 're chucks ! Definitely going to order them in more colors !
 These shoes are true to size , are authentic converse , are comfortable , and arrived on time and in the correct color . My only complaint about converse is that they are a bit too narrow . However you can find them at pretty much any shoe store so you can always try them on first before you buy them . I am happy about the price too -LRB- they were $ 10 more expensive at DSW than here on amazon -RRB- . They do n't offer much in terms of arch support , but overall I ca n't complain .
 On a recent visit , my daughter had lamented about the trouble that she was having finding Chuck Taylor Converse shoes in royal blue . She claimed that she and my father in law had been trying unsuccessfully for sometime to find the shoes . With my recent successes purchasing things on Amazon , I went in , found the shoes , ordered them , and before we were done with the conversation had them on their way.They arrived within the week , and she is happy , which makes me happy .
 I love converse , they are the most comfortable shoes.Its been one year I am using them -LRB- very rough -RRB- still goinggood just started looking bit worn out but that gives it more awesome look
 The all black look is great and slim so it works well with the back in style skinny jeans look for guys . Not the best arch support though so be wary of that . The shoes came quickly and although it seemed like they had been tried on -LRB- dust or animal hair on the bottom -RRB- it did n't seem as though they were worn outside or anything beyond being sampled as most shoes in any store would encounter if not purchased .
 converse are always great for outdoors . Perfect for people who break dance and also for style . First wear is not the best because it hurts your feet but after a month or so it will be comfortable . The only thing I dont like is because it is not water proof so if it rains then your feet gets wet no matter and its hard to slip shoes on like other athletic shoes .
 Converse are great for your feet . They contain little padding , so you maintain a natural walking motion . Its basically one step above being barefoot . I actually use them to weight train . They are also very stylish . Who does n't love converse ?
 I purchased these for work and they lasted FOREVER ! i basically wore them every day . I did finally have to throw them out because they got woren out and my feet started to get cold on the bottom from living in Minnesota , haha . But i would def buy these again !!!!!
 I bought this Converse sneaker in black . These All Star sneakers look stylish and good with any casual pants I own . I would have given the product 5 stars , EXCEPT , these shoes are like walking on bricks since they have no cushion in the soles for the heels . I understand they 're supposed to have the whole classic appeal ... but if you 're over 30 years old and try to rock a pair of Converse for an entire day , you may encounter some uncomfortable lower back pain . So 4 stars for fashion .
 I BOUGHT THESE FOR MYSELF . I LOVE THEM AND I WEAR THEM ALL THE TIME . I 'M 51 YEARS OLD SO YOU 'RE NEVER TOO OLD FOR THEM . THEY 'RE COMFY AND I WOULD N'T GIVE THEM UP FOR ANYTHING . MATTER OF FACT , I HOPE TO GET SOME RED ONES REAL SOON !!
 ... I 've been wearing Chuck Taylor 's -LRB- both in low and hi tops -RRB- for well over 30 years now . I remember when they were far , far cheaper than they are today , and the mainstay colors were much easier to find -LRB- i.e. , black , gray , canvas , blue and red -RRB- , but I do n't intend for this to be one of those `` in my day , you could go out to dinner and movie for a nickel '' type of reviews.The bottom line - these are great , comfortable shoes . I usually wear mine as they were originally intended - for use in the gym . Specifically , these are excellent , economical shoes to wear when doing certain weight-lifting/body-building routines such as deadlifts , squats and overhead presses -LRB- among the majority of my routines -RRB- . Perhaps the next best thing to doing those routines bare-footed -LRB- outside of the much more expensive Vibram Five Fingers KSO - Men 's -RRB- . Particularly when used only in the gym , these shoes last forever . Even when they are worn daily , out and about , they still hold up amazingly well . An absolute favorite of mine.Highly recommended .
 Came exactly as expected . Perfectly white and fit fine . It does get dirty easily but when wearing white shoes in NYC , that 's expected . I 'll probably buy again but in a different color . The only thing to note is that the racing stripe on the bottom is not blue , it was black .
 i ordered the traditional black converse just three days ago and i just got them in the mail today ! they came in my mailbox , from usps , and had the slim converse box . the shoes were in perfect condition and were the correct size and color that i ordered . very great service and impecable shipping speed . i definently will buy from this seller again and i highly recommend shopping with this seller ! : -RRB-
 Shoes are Great ! When you buy make your order for a smaller size . I ordered size 11 and they are plenty long enough . You should order at least 1/2 size smaller . Overall shoes are just like you 'd expect from Converse .
 These were a purchase for my 13 year old granddaughter . Although I have not physically seen them because they live in VA and I in MN , she tells me that they are just what she wanted . Pleased with the ease of this transaction and the speed in which they were shipped to her . Thank you .
 bought these for my wife ... she 's been wanting a pair of low-cut red chucks for a while . Ordered these for Christmas and they came quick with no issues .
 How can you go wrong with traditional Chuck 's ? I 've got several pairs and wear them everywhere from weddings , to school , work and shopping . Jeans and shorts .
 great product , just as advertised . The item was purchased at a good price and the shipping was fast . I would purchase from this person again . they come highly recommended.thanksusm1975black
 Was bought as a Christmas Gift . He enjoys them because of the material your feet can breathe much better .
 My 23 y/o son asked for these for Christmas and he was ESCATIC ! He loves them so I guess this would be a positive review ! Shipping was fast and came in great condition .
 These shoes were shipped quickly , and were exactly as described . My son is thrilled with them . Thanks !
 Chucks rock ! Got these to match with my 2 and 4 year old boys . They love when we all put our chucks on together . These never go out of style .
 Bought item for my bro ... so all i can say is delivery was on time ... Thank You !
 Converse All Stars , a classic . Love them . They 're very comfortable and they 're perfect for a night at the movies or just hanging out with the guys.Obviously they do not have much support or cushion -LRB- and I was n't expecting any -RRB- . If I was going to be on my feet all day or doing something real active this is not the shoe I would choose.Tilly 's service was fantastic . I could n't be more pleased .
 This is my first pair of Chucks , and I have to say that I am absolutely in love with them . A good looking , comfortable , light shoe that goes with everything - what more could you want ?
 Having a wide foot they fit a little on the narrow side - I kept them knowing that canvas will probably stretch without to much problem . Also my shoes make a slight hollow sound from one of the baby toe tips ; I 'm assuming with time that too will abate .
 My cons were cheaper than getting them in the store and are my first pair . I love them they wo n't be my last . The people I ordered from through amazon sent me a shipping confirmation and on the confirmation it said it was a different shoe , but when I got them they were the ones I ordered from amazon so no harm done .
 I LOVE THESE CONVERSE ! THEY ARE CLASSIC , COULD N'T FIND THEM ANYWHERE ELSE . THEY 'VE RECEIVED MANY COMPLIMENTS !
 They had the right variety and a low price . It was a timely delivery , just what I ordered .
 Although the shoes were exactly what I wanted , I think the price is considerably high for canvas-topped shoes .
 nice and confort but bigger than real size.maybe is because they are men shoes.anyway , they were enough confortable to use in daily life .
 This was the best price I could find for this shoe anywhere . Was shipped quickly . I am very satisfied with this vendor .
 Quick shipping , and no problems at all . They have all the colors so you can mix and match
 I normally wear a size 10 in womens , but these are sort of big . I wish I saw the reviews before I bought them . I would have gone down a size . I definately suggest you go do that before you commit to a purchace with these shoes . They got here super fast , I was wearing them two days later !! Thank you so much .
 Oh man I 'd forgotten how easy these are to wear ! Make sure and get 1 size smaller , they do run big no matter what they say at the shoe store . A classic that never goes out of style . I had n't had a pair in years and these are rapidly becoming my `` go to '' pair of shoes.PLUS THEY 'RE JUST PLAIN COOL !!
 Product was just as advertised . Only concern was that I did not receive a tracking number so I had no idea when exactly it would arrive . Other than that , great seller = -RRB-
 This pair is as good as described but i have to return it because i dont use shoes with laces and picture was not very clear . Return policy and customer service is top rated .
 I buy a new pair of these shoes every year for christmas for my wife , she seems to go through them pretty fast and i love that i can buy them off amazon in half sizes .
 Normal chucks ... awesome as always . I 've worn them for the past 2 years . They 're looking a little worn now , time to buy another pair . : -RRB-
 ca n't ever go wrong with a pair of chucks ! they always say go a half a size down , but in my boyfriends case he had to go a full size down , and me i 'm safe with going half a size down . . so it definitly varys
 Converse All Star are made to feel comfortable , this kind of shoes is never out of fashion , with jeans or shorts , wit t-shirts or shirts , once you wear a pair you will wish to have all of them .
 These were a perfect fit for my girl , she was excited to see them under the tree . She loves them and the were shipped very quickly .
 From the past to the present Converses have always been in style . These classic shoes are all over America today . Why are they so popular ? Probably because they 've stayed the same over the years . Any type of person can wear these trendy shoes , and a good thing is , they last incredibly long . I recommend these shoes to babies all the way up to adults !
 The shoes looks good and are well made , I know how young people like to stay in style and they arrived well in the time frame given .
 I looove these shoes . They are supper comfy and match with pretty much anything . You can get cheaper rip off ones at target or payless but they have ugly childish disgnes on them and get damaged allot easier .
 I love them in every color !! :-RRB- The shoes are simple and perfect ! I have worn them for many years and I will continue to do so ! I highly recommend these !
 I have had the chucks for about a month now and there holding up well . I like the look of them there comfortable and simple ill be wearing them for a long time ! :-RRB- If you are thinking of buying some chuck T 's i would there pretty cheap and they can withstand some wear amd tear ! Five stars
 I bought the shoes for my little sister as a gift . She was delighted . She says the shoes are very confortable and can wear different styles . Nice confection and they were sent ontime . From my side , no complains .
 If your lady has any sort of style and loves the color green , get here these shoes . My wife works in the restaurant buiz as a server and wore these shoes every night for over a year at work . She received so many complements on her shoes . They are really a rare style / color to see . Plus they are CHUCK T 'S . They last . Get em ' , rock em ' , love em ' .
 Came on time ! I love these sneakers i wear these and the blue ones all the time . They look great .
 I 've been looking for red chucks for a while now . I love these !! I would recommend getting a half size to a full size smaller though , they run quite large .
 I bought these Chuck 's for my daughter and they were a perfect fit . The turnaround time was excellent ! I will continue to purchase from this vendor : -RRB-
 I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them . They were a very good price and I will probably buy more .
 I purchased these shoes for my boyfriend because we could n't find any large enough for his feet in stores . He loves them and wears them all the time ! The only thing I might change about my purchase is the shipping . We had to have them by a specific date and yes they were here on time , it was nerve racking wondering if the standard ship would be sufficient . Overall excellent purchase !
 a few minutes at the computer with teenager , a couple of days latter = happiness ! Thank you ,
 This shoes are legendary , not really too much to say about them . You know it , I know it , . . They 're back , more than ever . . get yours now . Confy as the most expensive snickers out there .
 I have been wearing all stars for way to long now , and these are just as good as I remember . These shoes are iconic , we all know how good these are , the oxfords are a great change of pace from my high tops . These shoes will never go out style !
 Thank you so much for your prompt arrival !! These were purchased as a gift to my best mate and the godfather to my daughter as he is a bit addicted to shoes ! He absolutley loved them and put them on straight away ! He found that the added spare pair of red laces was an added bonus ! The size was perfect and the description exactly as advertised!Thank you again for your quick service and quality product !
 As i was leaving feedback i accidently pressed the no answer instead of the yes answer . i just wanted to correct that and say that the sneakers were brand new and shipped on time
 This purchase was very good choice , since they are an excellent pair of shoes , very comfortable , a good choice for day to day . Additionally , the shipping and delivery was prompt and the product was in perfect condition .
 There are certain brands that I , and most people I know , can always depend on to deliver a good product ... Levis , Lee 's , Fossil , Red Wing , Nike , etc. ... Converse is definitely in that group of brands ... AND , that 's just one thing that 's great about Converse ... Another is thing that I love about Converse is hoe much I love ... Yes love ... their initiative to take their shoes and make a big STEP further with the wonderful fun and creative styles and designs they now do with them ! It 's great that one can even go on their site and do their own custom artwork to bring out one 's own style personality ! Now that 's innovative and being in touch with customers!I remember back in the 70s when I was a tween that they were about mainly basketball before they took off as everyday comfortable footwear ... As it moved more to that I saw a lot of designs and artwork starting to appear on the canvas shoes ... Ya ' know 70 's stuff like peace signs , and flowers , and rainbows in psychedelic neon colors ... Ha!I 'm sure some saw it as graffiti or , like when the style trend was to get jeans to have that really worn look ... To the extent that some took scissors to their brand new jeans and cut holes in the knees ... Funny really . . But it was fun and that 's why fashion and trends are fun because individual style and personality can be expressed to the world without saying a word ! It wouldnt surprise me at all to find out that now they are employed by Converse to develop and design the more whimsical shoes that make for `` Happy Feet '' indeed!Anyway , Kudos to Converse for really getting that and making a good shoe that also has pazzazzzz ! Also , as far as the transaction of my purchase at Amazon.com for these ... It was the same as the many many other purchases I 've had before ... On Amazon I know I 'll find what I 'm shopping for ... At a better price than out and about the malls and shops ... And , if I pay attention and use all of the benefits and promotions they provide to help with cost ... I truly end up on the bargain end of my consumerism ... So , let 's see ... I 've gone way past 20 words now ... Let 's just say I thought it said 200 not 20 ! Ha !!
 If you did n't already know , make sure you order 1/2 a size smaller then you normally would when ordering Converse.Love these shoes .
 Shoes arrived in wonderful shape ; packaged well ; exactly what I ordered.However , we ordered the wrong size . Return went well ; advised my account would be credited for purchase price only ; but there was no stock available nor could they tell me when they would receive more in the size we needed . If you need a specific size , order it ASAP .
 For all of those people who would rather pet the animals than wear them , these are the shoes for you ! Converse has been making `` Chuck Taylor 's '' longer than I have been alive and not one animal has lost it 's life to make them ! The only downside to Converse is that they are not the most comfy shoe , however , a insole insert fits rather nicely into them and then your good to go .
 NOTHING CAN EVER TAKE THE PLACE OF A TRIED & TRUE PAIR OF CHUCK TAYLOR ALL-STARS . -LRB- WE CALLED THEM BO-BOS IN THE 70 'S -RRB-
 Chucks are the perfect shoe . They came quickly and it was easy . The shoes fit perfect and they 've been great !
 These shoes are wonderful . The color is great and they arrived much quicker than I expected them to .
 My daughter loves converse so the fact that it fit her witout us having to return or try on in the store was a plus - it arrived on time
 My husband is an almost exclusive low top Converse wearer . He has been wanting a pair of TRUE red not TOMATO colored chucks . These are a true tradition red and he loves them !!! Great price , better than any I have found in stores and they fit like a dream . Highly recommend these !!!
 The quality of this products is very nice , the item is original , not is copy . The color is great and it is new item.The time to travel and bla bla is accepted
 You cant go wrong with Chucks . I have been wearing them for the passed year out here in Afghanistan . They hold up nicely in the rough terrain and keep my feet cool during the summer months when the temperature reaches 130 F degrees . When I am back in the states , I wear pencil skirts and pumps to the office but I will never outgrow Chucks . I wear them on the weekends during coffee runs or for grocery shopping .
 I purchased some Converse Mens Chuck Taylor Sneaker from another store because they had some specials going on and I also had some coupons so I purchased them in the size I have always worn , size 9 . Then I try them and wow way too big , felt like a clown at the gym : -RRB- I can fit a whole finger in the back of the shoe with my foot in it . Anyway I did some research here on Amazon and bought pair from Amazon , a size 8 and wow !!! I ca n't believe it Perfect fit , I was about to buy half size smaller but I went with the whole one size smaller instead and I 'll say it again PERFECT FIT : -RRB- Buy one size smaller , quality is amazing
 I gave this snikers to my 15 year-old son and he loved . It has a juvenile color and it can use it daily , are confortables , the color is durable . Their friends have liked it . I recommend it
 I 've always been sceptical when buying any clothing and footwear online . I 've always wanted a pair of Chuck 's . Got these , tried them on and I love them !
 Basically just got what I ordered . Thanks for the deal ! The size and shoe were both correct and they were brand new .
 I 've used Converse sneakers for a little over a decade so I knew exactly what size to order , when I got them they were just perfect . Good to get dependable sizing and quality.They 're more of a fashion item , in the most relaxed sense of the word , than running shoes.Did not need to contact vendor after placing the order , I got my notification of shipment and the package arrived on the promised date .
 I always liked Converse and they are the same , great shoe they have always been . If you have n't ever had a pair , get some ! They are very basic , no lumpy arch supports that drive me crazy , and they come in every color you can think of . In my opinion , they are pretty fashionable . :-RRB- Enjoy !
 These shoes are the best things I Bought on amazon . I recomeend this product who wants the real converse . I love them and now i wear them everyday and everywhere i go !!! I cant wait till i buy or get my next pair !!
 Bought these for Christmas for my 13 year old daughter and they were a huge hit .
 My daughter loved the shoes . They are good quality and reasonable price . The vendor sent the shoes on time . My daughter says they are `` very cool ''
 I love these shoes . They are not true `` athletic '' shoes and work really well in my casual work environment without looking too casual and clunky . I am a woman and still want to maintain some sense of style without sacrificing comfort . These shoes do it for me .
 I have bought these shows for maybe 40 years , I always loved them , and bought this pair for my daughter . She loves them , good to see a longlasting long loved product withstand the test of time .
 After seeing the popularity of this shoe , I decided to test it out myself and I am impressed . Although its not too comfortable , they hug your feet and do n't slip off even when loose , which is exactly what I was aiming for .
 Got these for our 15 year old son . He wears them with a pair of dark rinse skinny levi jeans , leather studded punk belt and a tee . Got ta have these shoes to get that `` rocker '' look . Only con about the shoe is that within a couple of weeks , one of the metal eyelets -LRB- for ventilation -RRB- on the side of the shoe fell off . However , the insole is thicker and cushiony compared to other cheaper knockoffs , like at Walmart . Anyhow , our son loves them and would give a 5 star rating , but I gave a 4 star rating for quality .
 A little confusing because the site clearly says Mens / Women 's but the emails from the store refers to kid sizes ... so I was nervous about not getting the correct size but all worked out GREAT !!!!! I would definitely recommend !! ''
 We bought these for my daughter to start school . They are classic , cool and do n't cost a fortune . The conversion from men 's to women 's sizes was accurate . They hold up much better than knock-offs of the same style . Also Amazon makes things so easy , my mother wanted to get my daughter something to start school & did n't have time to shop . I went to my daughter 's wish list & because I have shopped Amazon for my mother before I had all her information . I was done in 3 minutes .
 thanks for this excellent product i using my convert in many times , . i have 3. : -RRB-
 the shoes were perfect and came right on time . however , the very first time i wore them , they got scuffed by a tricky curb . i wish you could have installed some kind of invisable force field around them so that they would stay so white . you really need to work on that .
 I got the shoes really quickly . They were very well priced . They arrived pretty quickly in the mail , although I wish they had arrived slightly quicker .
 I love converse SO much . i wore my old ones until they had holes in them and were falling apart . i just got these and of course I LOVE THEM . they are 100 % REAL AUTHENTIC converse . the shipping was extremely fast , and very safely packaged :-RRB- thank you so much
 I ordered these shoes and received them in LESS than 24 hours . I had ordered them first from Trendi USA and after 5 days they had not even shipped them yet so I cancelled and bought these from GamedaySoles and received them the next day . So I would suggest always making sure it says , Order Fulfilled by Amazon.The shoes do run a little big so I should have ordered them a 1/2 size smaller but it 's not enough to return them . Just keep that in mind before you order.Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Shoes -LRB- M9166 -RRB- Low top in Black
 I ordered these shoes for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . They look great and are true to size . He said he wishes these shoes had more arch support because he has to wear insoles , but that is typical of this particular shoe .
 awesome shoes . what can i say . look great with pants , jeans , khakis . whatever . versatile , durable , sylish . you wo n't regret this purchase . maybe run a half size bigger than my size . but it 's iffy .
 Bought these for weight lifting , but find myself wearing them everywhere . What 's not to love about a pair of Chucks ? An American classic .
 These shoes are as soft and black as my heart is . Much more comfortable and sexy than hi tops IMHO . They 'll make your feet smell , though .
 just an FYI - these things wear a size smaller than what you normally wear -LRB- i.e. i wear a 9M and ordered an 8M that fit perfectly -RRB-
 I love my new shoes . They are perfect for CrossFitting since they are flat . Perfect for squats . Thank you !!!
 I have a very picky daughter when it comes to clothing ... We went all over the place looking for some new shoes for school ... She could n't find anything that she liked so when I got home I gave her Amazon.com and had her look here ... . She quickly picked these shoes and I ordered them ... . They arrived three days later and she loves them ... Not one complaint !
 I purchased 2 pair of Converse Chuck Taylor tennis shoes for my granddaughter 's Christmas gift . They were delivered before the projected date and were exactly what the girls wanted . I will not hesitate to order from them again .
 I love these converse so much . They run about 1/2 size too big , which is fine for me , but overall these are my favorite pair of shoes that I own .
 Bought for my daughter . She loves the fit and they look very cute on . She is very trendy so these fit the bill nicely .
 I bought these as a gift for my son . The sizing was spot on . He loves them . They are apparently very popular nowadays !
 There 's not much to say about this shoe that you do n't already know . These things last forever , while looking great and only getting more comfortable as their life goes on .
 Converse chuck Taylor lo top awesome and extremely fast shipper fit perfect what more can one sat they are a classic
 im in love with chucks.i love black and these are my fav , i match them with everything and they always feel comfortable.i cant wear them a lot on the summer cus they burn my feet but other than that , nothing better than my chucks
 MY GRANDSON ORDERED THESE FOR HIS CHRISTMAS GIFT AND WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THEM . THEY WERE THE PERFECT FIT AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR HIM .
 very good product I recommend it to everyone I came perfectly and has no sign of damage apart is very good product !
 My daughter shamed me into wearing these comfortable and stylish shoes , claiming that I was &#34; dated &#34; in wearing my regular running shoes . They are comfortable and I receive many compliments .
 Very nice looking shoe and very comfortable !! You can wear them all day and no problems.I bought them for my daughter and she loves them .
 Could n't find the right size at the store so looked for it at Amazon , then found it and purchased here . Everything was perfect . My daughter loved this shoes , and delivery was done as expected .
 My daughter and I loved these shoes so much , she wanted a pair . She loves these more than the high top version she got previously . They are great shoe and versatile . I used to wear converse style shoes all the time when I was in high school , so it was fun to get another pair again . They fit comfortable , and felt true to size to me . Although a lot of people are saying they are not true to size . Because of that , my daughter and I bought the wrong sizes twice . So it confuses me why so many people are saying the sizing is off . So I am throwing my two cents in for that reason.My feet are about a 7 -LRB- one foot is a little longer than the other -RRB- and normal width . I 'm not overweight nor extremely thin . I ordered the womens 7 / mens 5 and they feel just right . My daughter also ordered the size most closest to her foot size and she said they fit better than the other two pair we tried to over/under compensate with . Good luck !
 I love these shoes . They 're fun and comfy to wear . I wore them all over Europe recently . They make me feel young and hip !
 The Chuck Taylor converse I ordered from AMAZON meet all my expectations.It is comfortable on my feet and i wear it everyday .
 I ordered these sneakers for my cousin . He loves them ! Great pair of basic sneakers that blends well with any outfit . Great decision , rather than over priced sneakers !
 These are my 4th pair of chucks and I love them . I know exactly what I 'm getting and I do n't have to try them on . I normally wear a 8.5 in womens , but I order a 6 in mens when I buy chucks . It took almost a week from when I placed my order to receive the shipping notice , but the shoes arrived 2 days after I got the email . Just wish they got here sooner !
 Took the advice of other reviews of this product and ordered a half-size under my usual shoe size . Perfect fit .
 The shipping was fast and the shoe was true to size . Thank you so much ! I now have a new favorite pair of shoes : -RRB-
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 These caps are hard to find . Being a deputy sheriff it is a necessary item to have . I have put it to good . Use and found it to be recognizable and protective . Best yet , the price was reasonable for a quality product .
 I 've been looking for such camisoles for a long time and I 've finally found them ! After a double mastectomy without reconstruction , I needed something that provided a bit of comfort in the surgical area as well as some coverage when wearing lower cut tops . These camis are the very best . I 'm thrilled to have found them !
 Great gym bag
 Other brands just do n't cut it , Dunlop double dot is the only ball I play with .
 Order received when promised and the best price found on the Internet .
 The product reached my place fast and in good condition . It actually reached faster than I had expected it to and it is performing satisfactorily .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 I have a S10 pickup with a topper and my options for a bike rack were limited . This is perfect . It 's a little labor intensive to put on and take off but it works ... it works well ... and I 'm very happy with it .
 I have about two thousand road miles on these tires -LRB- 700x32 -RRB- and they are still in fine condition . Never one flat . They handle just fine .
 I brought this tires for a friend in 26 x 1.75 she has n't had a problem nor has she had a flat and she loves them ...
 I ordered a tire and it arrived on time . I put it on my bike and it fit . I am happy .
 I have two sets of these for two different bikes
 I installed the 1.75 width tires on a commuter bike I built from an old mountain bike . I would have preferred 1.50 's but my rims would n't accept a tire that narrow.A note about tire pressure
 I purchased these tires to replace some Kenda Komfort 26x2 .25 that came on my K2 Easy Street and I could n't be happier . Riding is no longer like riding in sand . I run them at 60 psi . The ride is marginally harder but not enough to complain . I would recommend these tires to anyone looking to refit a comfort bike or mountain bike forstreet use .
 I have purchased 2 other sets of City tires & these are by far the superior ones . They are fast on straights & handle nicely on turns . I will be definitely be purchasing another set of these when my old set is done .
 I have this tire on the front with a Continental Sport Contact -LRB- 26x1 .6 -RRB- in the rear . This combination rolls fast as my speedometer shows that I 'm averaging 15-20mph on a mountain bike regardless of wind . I 've had experience with some models of Ritchey semi-slicks , Michelins and of course Continentals . I like the Michelins , but I love the Continentals . I 've seen how the Ritchey picked up every particle I rolled over while the Continentals pushed everything aside , so I 'm confident about it 's puncture resistance while rolling through the city.Amazon packed this one tire in a box for a full bicycle . I went to the shipping dock at work to pick it up and was shocked to see such a huge box . I wondered if I had ordered anything else and forgotten . Those guys that packed this tire probably had a good laugh about this one .
 city ride tire is easy to install , pops on rim easily by hand with no levers.it is a fast rollng tire , for 60psi . very durable with tough tread and casing , should wear long and be resistant to punctures.i purchased a 1.75 tire and it is true to size . good value for the money .
 I use these tires on my cyclocross which I use for commuting , since I ride year around in Colorado . These are good in all temperatures in all conditions . They last forever , are excellent in cornering , very very good grip . They are a bit slower , but the grip and all weather advantages far outweight the speed sacrifice.Pros
 Pretty standard tire , with not too much over-the-top tread which is the way I like it . Waste of energy other wise .
 I just love this beautiful yellow Winchester knife . It is so sleek and cool-looking . What else can I say except grab one before they stop making them !
 Yellow plastic not matched to metal portions perfectly , but okay . It was good for the price . Still do n't know what the reference to gerber was .
 I looked high and low to find this knife . I have had one like this for several years and it is a great knife that holds an edge well .
 Bought this to replace my 25 year old knife I lost . Much bigger than I wanted but this is a solid well built knife . My only wish is that it be smaller and lighter .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 I like this watch . It 's brightly colored so easy to keep track of when you take it off . I like the strap design as it helps keep it on with accidental bumping while taking on and off dive equipment . The strap can then be changed to a different set up to accommodate non-diving wear . Very versatile . It is also reasonably easy to set it .
 El guante es bstante comodo y se ajusta bien a mi mano me gusto mucho lo recomiendo
 this foot pump works fine for low pressure fills . It is a short fill cylinder so it takes a lot of pumps to fill your item , but it is effective . You need to make sure its on a level surface since the 4 feet need to be stable . it is a little wobbly , but if you use it with care it will do the job just fine .
 This product is a multi-functional pump that enables one to use it for balls of all types , bike tires , wheelbarrow tires and car tires . It comes with the needle needed for the ball various balls . It also has the pressure guage needed for the accurate pressure needed . The pump is small enough not to take up much space when storing . Very handy .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 This pack has all the bells & whistles you 'll need for a long day on the trail . Plenty of pockets , pouches , compartments , etc. . High quality construction should guarantee years of heavy use .
 This is a must for me . I have two of these and they protect my arrows perfectly and the telescoping feature adjusts very nicely to my arrow length . The fletchings are stiff enough that they do not seem to bother each other . It fits in my soft bow case with it 's side arrow zippered section even though it seems a little larger when you look at it . I use it for my full-sized compound bows but I assume it fits crossbow bolts just as easily .
 Nice for the price ! It was a little hard to open the first time but after that no problem . Very sturdy , a little bulky but otherwise nice . Should last for years .
 I got this for my 16yo daughter to store her arrows in . it works wonders and has lived through being stepped on once already .
 My son LOVES this ! He just turned 3 and is on it all the time since he got it for his b-day
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 i am literally in love with this gun it is a great pistol with amazing accuracy , this is ur lead weapon in airsoft battles im talkin more than 230fps , im talkin 265fps this is a mix of metal and plastic the weight u feel when u hold this beautiful weapon is metal , the majority of the weight of this gun comes from the magazine when u take of the magazine feel the gun and u will notice that this is a lightweight gun whitch is a very good thing the capacity in this weapons magazine goes up to 15bbs , ive fit 16 even . if u get this gun u will feel the power and this is a pretty quiet gun , ive had it for 6 months and dropped it like 100 times and nothing broke and it still works like i just took it out of the box . please buy this durable , accurate , beautiful gun , u wont be sorry .
 I 've had this airsoft firearm for a few months now , and I could n't have been more pleased . Coming from my first handgun , it was a 12-shot Colt Mk4 that came with a spring rifle . Decided to get this handgun because I was getting sick with how difficult it was to fire my old handgun -LRB- after about 20-some shots it hurt the hands to continue pulling the slide to shoot -RRB- . This handgun is still a single shot , but it 's much easier to pull the slide back , which is surprising to see with how much power it packs behind every shot . The magazine size jumped from 12 shots to around 25 , and I purchased a couple extra magazines that allow me around 75 shots before I need to reload everything . It 's plenty accurate for the ranges I 've used it in -LRB- something like 10-20 feet -RRB- . Overall , a great sidearm to have for any airsoft shootout .
 I bought this gun only becuase I needed something that looked realistic for a short film I was shooting . I scared it was going to one of the fake plastic looking airsoft guns that they sale on ebay for cheap . This one was price for $ 22 , so I figured I buy this one as a `` stunt '' gun to throw around . I was surprised when it showed up . It looked real with all kinds of moving parts . It is heavy in weight . I 'm not into to bb gun battles , so I cant tell you how accurate this thing is , but I did take it out and shoot it a couple of times and I thought it was impressive . I will buying 5 more of these things .
 I recieved this gun yesterday , and yes , i know that it means i ca n't give you a durability review , but I can still give a review on it 's accuracy and power . It is a very good gun and I like it more than my spring rifles right now . It has a great feel to it , it looks realizistic and it 's accuracy -LRB- if you can aim -RRB- is great . If you shoot a bb into the water it causes a very nice splash as well ^_^ The power is very nice and it still hurts from a distance . Close fire can cause bleedingI would suggest getting this pistol . My friend got the UHC M9 and i do believe it is a little better , but only in the actual realitic feel to the gun and It has a bit more power . I 'm extremely happy with this one though and would n't trade it for anything .
 This airgun is great ! It came quickly , and it was of better quality than I had expected . It shoots well and hurts when you get shot by it . I got hit in the chest and it left a bloody , swollen bump . And to my surprise , it even cocks back like a real usp !
 I love this gun , I actually got 2 . It 's a big pistol , and the weight feels great , although its not as accurate as you might think , but overall , its great .
 This pistol is solid , with lots of features - functioning safety , slide lock , open ejection port and accurate magazine release . It is very well made . The grip is slightly shorter than the real USP . The weight is fairly well distributed , instead of being all in one place , as on so many airsoft replicas . The metal barrel liner extends the full length of the barrel . This is great for accuracy , but limits the flexibility of the pistol.I have previously owned the UHC Tomb Raider , which I consider the best airsoft replica for this HK pistol . On the UHC , the barrel extension is removable , so the pistol can be converted to a standard HK USP , and restored to the Tomb Raider version at will . Additionally , the UHC has a metal bar in the front barrel weight assembly , adding to the heft of the pistol.Either pistol is a good buy , I prefer the UHC .
 What can you say
 The lanyards and whistles were purchased for a Christmas gift which was well received.Thank you .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 I collect pocket knives . The Winchester brand has been the best collection I have for the money . They are also one of the better looking knives on the market .
 I have a Minn Kota Endura 30 -LRB- 2004 model -RRB- which came stock with just a regular prop . At a lake near my house , the water is rather shallow in the bass/pickerel fishing areas , which means the thick weeds are very dense near the top of the water . On three trips to the lake the stock prop would become so bogged down with weeds wrapping around it that my brother and I literally had to give up on the motor and use paddles to get through the weedy areas.After the third trip enough was enough and we found this prop . Somehow their claim seemed far too good to be true , especially knowing how dense and tough the weeds are at the local lake . But , for $ 23 -LRB- after shipping -RRB- , we figured it was worth a shot.The first thing that was obvious was that the length and width of the blades is significantly larger -LRB- perhaps 30 % -RRB- than the stock prop . Also , the curvature and surface curvature is much more pronounced . Still , it was hard to imagine any prop spinning in those weeds and not grabbing them and wrapping them around itself.Last night we took our maiden voyage with the new prop -LRB- and we took a third fisherman with us , a first -RRB- . Right out of the launch there 's a very large weed field so I headed straight for it . First thing I noticed was the speed . The larger prop seemed to propel us faster despite having the weight of an extra person onboard ! But most importantly , we blazed nearly unimpeded right through several hundred yards of weeds ! The prop worked almost magically ! We spent the next 3 hours maneuvering through some of the hardest-to-reach areas with no issues . The only time weeds wrapped around the prop was when I put the motor in reverse , but even then , the weeds did n't seem to slow our backward progress . And when I switched back to forward , those weeds unwrapped from the prop and were flung away . I did n't have to pull the motor out of the water to untangle the prop even once all night long ! Truly amazing ! Worth every penny ! Well done Minn Kota !
 I bought this MPK-6 2061125 to replace MPK-2 prop 2061121 and from the start I felt sorry that I did not break old MPK-2 earlier . The MPK-6 is larger , smoother and much more defined , not to mention the weedless capability seems to be 100 % according to some reviews -LRB- I did not have a chance to test that yet -RRB- . In case you get confused about proper sizing for previous production motors , you can use chart from Minn Kota site and go by diameter of motor and diameter of shaft , which is pretty much all you need to find proper propeller . I installed it on Model 35 , older version motor , and immediately noticed much better thrust . Please consider that you can not change the laws of physics - more push will also cause more resistance therefore more juice drain from the battery , but since weedless part works better , all calculates well . I am getting the same push on no. 3 as I used to on no. 4 speed with old MPK-2 prop . One more thing
 This is a great weedless prop . you can watch it just `` wedge '' the weeds out of the way . No more lifting the trolling motor to clean off the weeds . Besides that the price I got it for on Amazon was cheaper than I found anywhere else .
 Prop works great , couldnt find one at any stores , and much better price than I can get anyways .
 GREAT PRODUCT AND GREAT PRICE AND WORKS GREAT , MINN KOTO SHOULD INCLUDE THIS WEEDLESS WEDGE PROP.THE POWER PROP THAT COMES WITH THE ENDURA C-30 MOTORS LIKES WEEDS EVEN IN LIGHT WEEDS TANGLES AROUND PROP .
 great poduct , i mean it has a easy on the checkbook price . minn kota is good stuff ! no more gasoline !
 you ... . will ... . love ... . this ... item ... . without ... . a ... . doubt ... . I ... . promise ... . you
 This was a great value to replace a broken prop . Plus , this is a Ninja prop and will come in very handy when tangled in weeds with the boat .
 larger diameter , more blade surface area , less prop slip , less vibration at speed 5 , cleaner thrust . much better than the stock prop.-well worth the 20 bucks as an upgrade .
 New in package , exactly as decribed , I ordered wrong size , cheap enough not to return , shipped quickly , hangs nicely on fish shed wall . Reminder to check model # 's first . Much cheaper than box store price . thanks r
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 Great wench for small boats . I use it on my bass boat and it works perfectly . Very easy to install . It took me about 11/2 hrs to complete .
 Product works like a charm on my bass boat . No problems . Plenty of power for my 20 lb anchor . Pretty quiet and easy on my battery . Sure takes the drudgery out of the old cranking type .
 Excellent product ... works great . No more rope laying around in boat . Just push the button and down it goes til the anchor hits bottom . Push the button to off to lock into place.When ready to retrieve push up until anchor is back in place . For transporting insert locking pin and you are ready to head home.Exactly what I was looking for in this product !
 Wanted to make life easier because my lil wife was having trouble pulling up the 22 lb Minn Kota Crab Claw anchor that we have on our 21 ft Jetcraft XS . So being the kind , considerate hubby that I am I started looking for a winch for the wench . She is thrilled with it . A touch of the button the anchor drops , kachunk , kachunk it finds a home , the auto-drift feature works flawlessly . When it is time to move on she simply hits the lift button and the anchor comes up into the davit and rides there well until needed again . This product does what Minn-Kota says it will do . The only improvement I would suggest is a remote switch as is available for their Deckhand 40 anchor winch . A good product indeed , at a reasonable price .
 I bought two of these . One for the bow and one for the stern . The one for the bow I had to drill new holes in the mounting bracket in order for it to fit . The stern will take some major work to adapt it and I have n't installed it yet . The one I do have installed works fine though .
 This shirt is great and it 's exactly what I expected it to be . It 's very comfortable and durable as it looks like new after several washes . If you want a nice comfortable Tee then this is it .
 Great for putting practice . You can place stuff under the mat for unevenness in the carpet . However the `` water '' and `` sand '' stickers have pealed off over time so it gets 4.5 stars actually . We use it a few times a month . Great for repetitive putting and not chasing the ball . : - -RRB-
 I got this for my fiance as a Christmas gift ... its pretty fun . You have to make sure you have it set up right in order to have the ball return to you ... but when it does ... watch out ! Its fast ! For basic putting practice this is a good item !
 Bought this for our kids to practice putting with . Works just great , no problems , even after a year :-RRB- . Highly recommend .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and he uses it every day . He absolutely loves it ! I have used it a few times and it is pretty fun . The only thing I wish it had was a rubber mat on the end of the felt `` track . '' It does not stay stabilized on our tiled floor , so we used some tape to keep it positioned correctly . My husband loved this putt and return , that he bought one for his father and has told us that he loves it too ! Just plug it in and you 're ready to putt ! Great value !
 Very Good product . Not thin . I would buy it again . Go Eagles !
 I use this stuff to wrap around wires and keep my bunnies from chewing cords . They have n't gotten through anything yet !
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 Prompt Delivery . Correct parts . You ca n't do business with a better company . Hats off ! I will definitely buy more products from this company .
 These are great little props that hold up very well . I bought a couple to have an extra for a backup . The original lasted for ever before breaking .
 The prop was exactly what I asked for and was delivered when they said it would be .
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 I have had many bike racks , as well as the Saris Platform bike rack . I used this bike rack for about 3 years as a hitch on my large size luxury sedan -LRB- yes , seriously -RRB- . It could hold four bikes mostly , but squishy - it 's hard to manipulate the wheels , pedals and handlebars to get them to all fit . I had to use bungee cords to keep them from moving around . There are 2 fasteners provided on the bike rack - 1 for the top tube , and the other is supposed to go around the seat tube part . However , it never was long enough and too difficult so i resorted to using about 2 bungee cords per bike to secure . But the rack itself is good quality , sturdy , easy to install on the hitch . This is my 2nd saris bike rack that when i was rear ended part of the hitch connetion crumpled , but both times this bike rack and the platform bike rack stayed intact . The first time Saris sent me a new piece but now they seem to have different customer service and I can not get the new piece to replace the one that got crumpled , which is frustrating . THe bike rack itsslf is fine and saved my car on several occasions from being rear ended with a lot of damage . I am giving it four stars for sturdiness and well made , but for ease of actual use of putting on and off bikes i 'd say 2 stars , but probably there 's not a lot out there that is better . THe platform style bike rack had me spoiled , and i put that one back on .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 I just received this anorak and have n't had a chance to try it out on my bike yet , though I did test for waterproofness under the sink faucet , and the drops rolled right off . Nice quality , very light and thin ; I bought it extra-big -LRB- size 14 -- I normally wear a medium in outerwear -RRB- to go over whatever else I 'm wearing , since Mountain Hardwear tends to run small . Rolls down compactly to fit in a backpack , or even a bike seat bag . A warning , though
 Thanks for delivering this jersey so quickly . It was a christmas present for my husband . His favorite all time player is Brett Farve , thanks for having it available at such short notice .
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 I found that these ropes were of top quality and were describe in the write up honestly . A great value for the price !
 ... and here it is ! I wo n't be doing deepwater diving in it , so I ca n't review whether or not it is an exemplary diving watch , but I like the bright yellow face and the clear numbers and hands . I like some of the other colors ; maybe at some point I will order another .
 The t-shirt is very comfortable and keeps you extremely cool . Normally I wear size L , but the size L was very tight so I ordered XL and It fits well
 I am 5 ' 6 , 200lbs and a large fit me like my secondskin . So it was a perfect fit.Love the quality , that 's why my wardrobe is full oftheir product I have no negative comments other than price but thenthere is a saying that goes '' good thing not cheap ''
 It was a perfect form fit for my 11 year old . We bought the small and it fits exactly how he likes it .
 This shirt is really great . It keeps you cool during intense workouts , absorbs sweat.It fits really well , nice and tight . I could n't be more pleased.A must buy for anyone in fitness .
 I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here . Good thing I did they fit great . The only thing I do n't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt .
 there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I 'm not gon na lie ... I 've tried a few of them to save a little money . but i ended up being very disappointed every time . then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it . it is such a great line of products , and very versatile . i use it for hunting , i use it for running , i use it at work . it 's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour , it 's going to be a solid product . keep up the great work .
 like the other reviews state order size bigger ... trust me I usually wear XL ... I 'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice . I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet . SO do order size up .
 I love these shirts , they keep me cool in the summer . I have a veriety of colors and they just feel good .
 I really like how it keeps my body warm so that I can keep the workout tempo high . I did buy a large from the sizing chart , but due to the chaffing in the armpits , I will buy extra large next time . If you need an extra psych for working out harder , it does show off your body exactly as it is . So whether that is good or bad , it should definitively help you work harder to keep or to get the body you want .
 First off , I just ordered the shirt late Thursday night & received it at 9am Saturday ; talk about fast delivery ! I was told delivery would n't take place until 12/21 - 12/27 , so kudos on going out of their way to FedEx it overnight.The shirt looks & feels great . I ca n't tell you how well it fits as it 's a gift for my son .
 This shirt is great by itself , under an cotton shirt , under sholder pads , and even under a coldgear shirt . The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it . This a must have for your under armour wardrobe .
 Looks great , but runs a bit small . Odor free is great.Would like if they add a sale or something if u buy more than 3 or so .
 Great Product - it is exactly what would you expect , Great Store - fast and prompt delivery
 Good quality but the small boy 's size is way too large for my 6 year old son .
 Solo es recomendable para personas que tiene un abdomen normal .
 I am a huge fan of Under Armour 's workout apparel , and in addition to owning two of these Heat Gear Compression Shirts , also own several each of Under Armour 's Tech T-shirts -LRB- 0382 -RRB- and the Loose Gear shirts -LRB- 0084 -RRB- - I 've written reviews on those as well.Ok , let 's get this right out front - this is a serious athletic shirt . It is n't for everybody . It 's tight - a compression fit , the equivalent of wearing a pair of running tights , but on your upper body . Not everyone likes or is comfortable with this fit , and not everyone looks good in it.Having said all that , it 's a high-quality , great-performing shirt . It provides a lot of muscle support , and wicks sweat from your body to keep you dry . As I said , not everyone will like the fit , especially at first , but the feeling does grow on you after a few wearings . Athletes in competitive team sports - football , hockey , etc. are probably a lot more used to the feeling and will definitely appreciate this shirt.The fact that you do n't have a perfect body need n't intimidate you if you want to wear a shirt that provides a lot of support , regardless of what sport or workout you are into . In fact , if you 're just a little bit soft , it does a nice job of pulling everything into place and holding it there - you might even be surprised how good it looks . You can always wear another shirt over it if you 're self-conscious , just do n't like how it looks on you , or have n't quite burned off enough fat yet . If you have a good physique , what can I say - you 're going to look hot in this shirt . In fact , it 's not unusual to see younger guys wearing it as a club shirt.I would not buy this shirt without trying it on first . I usually wear a size XL in the other , looser Under Armour shirts , but had to size up to XXL to be comfortable in these . They tend to ride up on the bottom or bunch up under the arms if you buy them too tight . I love this shirt in black , but there 's a full palette of colors from which you can choose.The shirt requires a little more care - you ca n't just toss it in with the rest of the laundry . UA recommends hand-washing and drying on low heat , and people not willing to take the extra care have reported problems with the logos peeling off . I 've not had this problem with any other UA shirts in the line-up , even when machine-washing in warm water and drying them in the dryer on low heat , but it may have something to do with the fabric in this particular shirt and how much it has to stretch -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- . Either way , I have n't taken any chances .
 I buy a decent amount of stuff on amazon and I do n't really write reviews but was compelled to do so after my workouts today . I 've been working out for a year using loose and a couple of fitted underarmour t-shirts ... I decided I 'd give these a shot since I really liked the feel of the fitted shirts . I bought two , and wore one of them for the first time today . Felt great during my morning chest/tri workout , and the little amount that I did sweat was absent only ~ 10-15min afterwards and it did n't even smell.Did some stairmaster cardio after work -LRB- with the same morning shirt ! -RRB- and pretty much changed the color of the shirt by the end of the workout ... Felt nice and cool afterwards , too . I was shocked that by the time I came home and took off the shirt -LRB- 20-25min later -RRB- , it had dried and STILL did n't smell ! I do n't expect the lack of smell to continue once I 've washed it , but I did n't feel like a sweatball which is nice . I bought 2 of these and I would n't be surprised if I bought more in the future.Just to give an indication of my size , i 'm ~ 5 ' 8 '' and weigh ~ 170 and a medium fits me very well . Hope this helps !
 The versability of the underarmour products is incredible . It is comfortable and protecting at the same time . When its cold it keeps me warm and when it is hot it keeps me cool . It is firm fitting and shapes to your body . I would n't wear anything else while i play sports .
 Not only does this shirt keep you cool during a workout , or while running , but it also seems to hold your body . That is to say , while the shirt forms to your body , it does n't feel tight , or restrictive . This is my first piece of Under Armour , but not my last .
 This is probably the best compression t-shirt in the market ... I used Nike pro Ultimate before and I have to say that this one is far better in terms of compressing your body ... it fits perfectly however the length of the t-shirt is pretty short for me ... I wear size s ... I think the new design it 's better than the one in terms of fitting ... I think Under Armour really listen to customers and continue to provide great products to customers ... Personally I think short sleeve t-shirt is more convenience than the long sleeve t-shirt since most of the time you gon na wear it underneath your t-shirt ...
 I purchased this for my boyfriend who is a marathon runner and weight lifter . He wears it on his shorter , usually 10 mile runs , and also in the gym . I like the way he looks it in , he likes the feel . I purchased the dark green and it seems to fit true to size . Will probably purchase another for Christmas .
 After reading some reviews was concerned about proper sizing . Found sizing chart @ underarmour.com . I 'm 6 ' 6 and 220lbs , broad shouldered , lean and decently well muscled -LRB- working to gain -RRB- . Usually I wear an XL in a futile atempt to gain length and get stuck with -LRB- alot -RRB- of excess width but larges are usually shortish and a little tight through the shoulder upper back . The chart recommended a Large and keeping in mind this is a compression and wicking shirt it fits nice and tight . The shirt is not dificult to get on or off which other products I have tried can be dificult in one or both . I have not done any training in the shirt so can not at this time comment on the active functionality such as wicking , energy level/recovery from compression or chafing . I am very pleased with the shirt and also feel confident in the size both currently and that it will do as the body makes adjustment with continued training . I also would consider changing whole T-shirt wardrobe to these as they fit so much more comfortably then most normal T 's . Also got the same shirt for my wife and utilizing the size chart it is also an early success .
 I have about 5-6 Under Armour shirts and these have been my favorites . While I love this shirt , I think they have terrible sizing description.I am 5 ' 8 '' 155 lbs , decently athletic . I usually wear small > medium size shirts.I order an Large for this shirt.It can be really tight in the armpits and I 've nearly gotten stuck in small and medium size shirts -LRB- literally stuck -RRB- . So , order a size or two larger than you think you should wear . I have put on an XL and it still felt pretty good , but Large does fit me * slightly * better , so -- order up one size , at least .
 I have been wearing compression shirts for years . Under Armour is by far the best quality . It is called compression wear for a reason . It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body . I am 5 ' 8 '' , 155 lbs . and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to . If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear . Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature . They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture . However , I think one of the best features is that since they do n't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides . Compression wear was not created to look sexy . It is serious workout gear . If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help . Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts are n't girdles . They make these things in loose fit also . Not quite the same benefits , but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt . If you can wear the compression shirts get them , but expect them to be skin tight . You wo n't regret it .
 This is the best gear I have ever bought . It keeps you warm in the cold . Keeps you dry in those intense workouts and cools you down . It is definitely worth the price . I will definitely be buying more underarmour gear .
 This item is very tight-fitting . I use small so I ordered it small despite some reviews that stated they run a size small . Well this is a compression t-shirt so it is very tight . I am 5 ' 6 '' and weigh about 135 lbs or 63 kgs . I have an athletic body tyoe . This does feel real tight . I had difficulty getting it through my head but once through it felt really well . It does stick to you like a second skin so every single detail of your body will be contoured . I use this for cycling and it works perfectly , keeping sweat away . I think the tight fit looks awesome , but if you are too much of a body image self conscious person that wants to hide it then this is not for you .
 I fell in love with Under Armour 's products four years ago , and that has n't changed.They were still a niche brand then , on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ... Gear products are the reason why . They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first , not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams . I tried some of the competitors first , but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one . I 'm glad I did . The HeatGear material is perfect . It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me , that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version . I like the sleeveless version for working out , because it helps your range of motion with your arms . The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt , but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt . UA has started to offer a sleeved `` Tactical '' version of the shirt , which I might buy one or two , but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise ; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton . The hold you in place . You are not as hot as some may be while working hard . You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money , and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can .
 is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do , other brands or kinds are just not good enough , high quality and low price is all i need
 This shirt feels great at the gym . It limits the outward appearance of sweat , allows for your body to cool off while working hard . . Comfort is key when working out , and so is working out and not have to worry if you have giant pit stains . Wonderful shirt
 Ordered four shirts since I used them for work . Same shirts from the retail store ; however mine were n't in OEM packaging . Do n't really care , but it 's actually less packaging to throw away : -RRB-
 I bought this shirt to use for summer mountain biking and working out . I conforms to the body very well and keeps one cool while in the sun or working out in the gym . It is very tight , so for those wanting a looser under armour you are probably better off with another product . As far as sizing , I generally wear a medium or large t-shirt as I am 5 '10 and 180 pounds . I bought the large and it works great .
 Product is as good as you can buy from the outlets . Great gear !!! Under armour is the best !!! I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 When I purchased the Under Armour heat gear shirt it was mainly for recreational use such as sports , working out , and an odd urge to `` protect this house . '' Everything that 's promised from this shirt came through . It 's a comfortable light weight compression shirt and wicks sweat away to prevent chaffing/rashes . The heat gear part of the shirt is to designate that it 's for warm temperatures and to keep the athlete cool , it 's a really neat piece of technology that works well . If you 're in the market for a compression shirt , this one is worth the money , I definitely recommend it .
 I like the shirt , nice compression , good sizing . The only problem was the advertise with long and short sleeve shirts depending on the colors , so i was n't sure what i was going to get . Its was a SHORT SLEEVE .
 It fits snug so take that in to consideration when ordering . It is comfortable and warm . Definitely worth the try .
 Great shirts . I bought this for work and they work great they keep me dry and fresh when its not
 Its under armour ... the very best workout shirt you can buy in my opinion because of the sweat absorbing and the fact that it is always cool and just feels right . Plus you know when you have made it too the point where you are buying the armor you are where you want to be in working out !
 Bought this T-Shirt as part of a gift for our son . He loved it . Great price and product was quickly received .
 Men 's HeatGear Compression Shortsleeve T-Shirt Tops by Under is a great product and it added to my exercise program . It fit as advertised and I will buy again from this seller .
 As an Under Armour product I expected this to be of a quality that earns its price -LRB- man , these things can be expensive ! -RRB- This shirt is very well made , the fabric is wonderful . Nothing I would change ... except if Under Armour could lower their prices a little bit !
 It was exactly what I was looking for . Looks great . Price nice and quality . I glad for my purchase . Recommend .
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my Dad . It was exactly what he was looking for . It is lightweight , rich-colored , good quality stitching , breathable fabric ; perfect gear for a runner . This is a great gift or purchase for yourself ; a definite must buy .
 I love these shirts ! Makes wearing my uniform much more comfortable . Looking forward to buying more of them in the future .
 Great product , but I enjoy the sleeveless versions better . These type of shirts , however , provide the exact protection I need to prevent raw nipples .
 The shirt was for my husband . It was very thin and can be used under some other stuff but he would n't wear it by itself .
 Exactly as described . Nice shirt . If you have never worn a compression shirt , I had not , you must try one . I had chill bumps two minutes after putting it on . Really cool . No pun intended .
 This underarmour is great and was the perfect color for my fiance who plays on a tag football team and needed a baby blue shirt ! Their first game is tomorrow , ca n't wait to see him play in it . Fits a perfectly . We bought a large .
 Not only did I get this item the next day for no apparent reason or extra charge but it 's amazing . Fits great -LRB- If you have n't ever bought something like this before , buy a size larger than your t-shirt size -RRB- . Truly does suck the heat away from you and keeps you cool . I 'd recommend to anyone and everyone
 Great shirt , as others have mentioned . I will also say that you should order up one size . I did , and it 's a perfect fit . For those of you that 're tall , this shirt should work for you , I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it fits me great .
 I got the XL size and found it was a little tighter than I thought it would be . I would get an XXL next time around , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 My roommate asked me to buy this for him on a recent trip to the US . I , myself , am not a great runner or trainer -LRB- I get jaw aches when I do sports that do not involve a ball or disk of some sorts -RRB- so I was satisfied with a 6 $ shirt I found at Old Navy . My roommate , instead of just sending me a simple Facebook message containing the words `` buy this for me '' and adding the link , decided he wanted to share his life perspective in a two-page article containing this shirt , from which -LRB- after summing up what he had written -RRB- I gathered that this is a better brand than Nike . He did not add any comparison to Reebok or Puma , so I can not add more on that subject.After returning to my native land of Israel about three days ago , I gave him the T-shirt and he was excited . Footnote
 This product is just what I expected , minus the fact that due to being white , you can easily see my nipples through the shirt . I have several other compression fit underarmour heat gear shirts , but they are all more opaque due to being red and blue . The transparency of these white shirts , combined with the dark coloration of my areolae has caused me to have to alter my running form while wearing this shirt , so that I can keep my nipples covered with my hands as I run . Minus one star for shame .
 typical under amour product that works great to absorb sweat and all for easy movement while still keeping ones body cool while they work out or engage in any kind of physical activity
 I personally have had one of these shirts for about a year but I bought two more for my team mates after we made an airsoft team , and they look great . The shirts fit true to size but remember that they are suppose to fit tighter , so if you do n't like that then get the non-compression shirts under amour has . As far as performance goes , they are really great for active people who play any type of summer game or sport cause when you sweat the shirt will keep you cool . The durability and quality is there as to expect from under amour but mine does have some scuffs from abrasive surfaces so be aware for that but that is what to be expected from this type of material n the shirt . It is really light so its like wearing nothing at all and being so tight , it is like a second skin which is good of you are in any type of law enforcement or military service , or if you play mil-sim games like me . And every time I wash the shirt there is no oder like what you get with some cotton performance shirts . I 'd say that this is a great buy for anyone looking to look great and have functional clothes . And for the winter months I would recommend cold-gear compression long sleeve.Under Armour Cold Gear Longsleeve Mock
 After reading some reviews regarding sizing I went with one size larger and it worked out great . You ca n't go wrong with under armour .
 Great shirt , usually can get away with an XL , read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL . Glad I did . THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more . Fits fine , feels fantastic , very comfortable . Suppose it does n't look too bad , either .
 With any luck I wo n't need these to hold the belly before long . I just have to keep up my will power and keep excerizing .
 Seems a little small . Otherwise great shirt . Shipped on time . Great color . Great price.why do they require so many words ?
 These shirts were purchased so that perspiration during strenuous workouts would be &#34; wicked &#34; away and these shirts do that to a tee .
 After my husband used these for playing football , we ended up buying a bunch for work under shirts , soccer game/practice under shirts , and working out . They absorb and keep body temp regulated .
 The Under Armour HeatGear T Top shirt fit as expected . I purchased a size Large as I normally wear a Large sized shirt , and this shirt fit nice and snug , not too tight . It was exactly as I had hoped it would be . As most other Under Armour products , it 's very breathable and stretchy . I 've had workout shirts that fit tight around the shoulders , but this shirt feels very comfortable in that area and all over , while still remaining snug against the skin . It 's not outrageously priced , but it 's not cheap either - obviously you 're paying a little premium for the Under Armour name.My only wish is that I had a little more muscle so I 'd look a little better in it!If you 're looking for a full set of top and bottom , check out the Under Armour HeatGear Legging Bottoms . I bought the bottoms with this top and they match perfectly .
 I bought this for my 25 year old son . He said it worked great and made him much cooler as he worked out .
 Excellent shirt my 4th one -LRB- I have different colors -RRB- , these compression shirts give you a feel of more energy and strength . No one else at the time of purchased had this in red but through Amazon I was able to find a retailer who had it .
 This product lived up to the high standard of Under Armour clothing . I would recommend this product to friends .
 I was always a skeptic but I bought one of these shirts and it really does work ! I will probably get another .
 My mom got me this shirt and i love it great for working in the warehousei had gotten a long sleeve one also but it was too bigso sent it back and got another short sleeve onethey are greatjon
 I 've bought these before , so I knew exactly what I was getting -LRB- and I like 'em -RRB- . Good price . Speedy service . No surprises .
 The quality is good , but be aware that Under Armour shirts tend to run very small and tight . Since I always wear medium , I ordered a medium but it was way too tight and I needed a large .
 This is actually my third copy of this DVD , as I tend to wear it out . For those who are looking for a light workout in the morning , to get your circulation going before that first cup of coffee , this is perfect for you . In fact , I think in many ways Billy Blanks has long been the pioneer of what has now become a major fad influencing kick boxing and even zumba workouts today . This is short , non-taxing , but it will get the circulation going .
 I love these pants . Soooo comfortable , you can wear them all day . No buttons or zippers and a snug but not tight waistband . They fit wonderfully and seem to conform to your shape . What I really love about them is they never lose their shape either . too often my pants get baggy in the back and I wind up with droopy drawers . The feel is silky smooth . Great for working out , yoga or pilates , wearing around the house , and because the banding down the sides is the same color as the pants they do n't look as sporty as they are . So you can even wear them for casual dinners or shopping trips . I love em so much sometimes I even sleep in them - I practically live in them.They wash up great in cold water and dry very nicely on low . The color -LRB- I have black -RRB- , after several washings has not faded one bit . The only thing I would say that may not meet your expectations is that if you live in a cold area , you will probably need something warm underneath for running or going out . They are pretty thin . Also there are no pockets.I am short -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- and the length -LRB- 31.5 inseam -RRB- is slightly long for me , but even with my sneakers that have about a 2 inch sole they fall just right . The bottom of the legs have a little bit of a flare.A good buy for the money - long lasting and versatile . I 'll be ordering another pair.I also liked : Jockey Elance String Bikini - 3 PackHappy Shopping and Happy HolidaysLaurie
 Very pleased that I can now sweat buckets and not have it show through . These pants are flattering but the leg was a bit long for me so I just cut off an inch or two .
 I had been looking for a workout pant and these were on sale . they fit well and are lightweight so I 'm happily satisfied with the purchase .
 These pants are pretty good . They are good at wicking away sweat so I do n't feel wet when running . The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 , is just my preference on fit . I have Nike Be Strong pants , and like the shape of them better . These are shaped different , and not quite as flattering . But they are comfortable , and do the job they are supposed to do .
 these pants are comfy , though I do get camel lips in them . My main complaint is that their skin tight , even at the right size and have no pockets . They 're more of a yoga pant than a track pant .
 Great for working out . Have a funny plastic smell that still has n't come out after 4 washings though ...
 I was slightly concerned over buying new workout pants without trying them on , but I absolutely love them . I am actually planning on picking up another pair I like them that much .
 Love these pants , they are just perfect !!! Very Comfortable , tight and loose enough , perfect length , adjusts perfectly . They look great ! Very good fabric !
 A really fun throw toy . It 's great for kids just learning to throw a ball or footbal . I highly recommend it . It makes for a great gift .
 I was very happy and excited with this purchase . I have been looking for this product for a while but never knew what they were called in order to search for it . It 's our family 's favorite summer toy and we just called it a `` throwbie '' , but there was only one among us that my husband had from his college years -LRB- which actually has lasted over 15 years - showing how durable it is -RRB- . I wanted to buy one for each family with kids because it was really helpful in teaching them to catch & throw because the throton is rubbery soft and they are not afraid of it . It is also the favorite throwing toy among all of the adults - men & women alike - and we can play with it for hours whether on land or in the lake . This Set of 6 purchase through Amazon.com was the best deal since I was able to buy 6 different colored ones for each family like I wanted at a final cost of $ 15 each versus $ 20 or higher at other places .
 I invented the THROTON to be soft and supple with the ability to correct it 's flight to a tight spiral.Accurate out to fifty yards , when thrown the front cone of the THROTON funnels air through the device - causing it to orient to it 's course of least resistance - a tight spiral . The front cone acts as a shock absorber when you catch a THROTON with a large soft frontal area to grab onto.From six to sixty , every kid , boy and girl , finds fun and athletic performance with my invention , the THROTON . Looking like a jet engine with a grip strapped to it , the beginner learns how to throw without fear and the athlete refines and defines new and dynamic flight patterns.If you ever wanted to pilot a jet plane or guide a missle but did n't have the time or money , get a THROTON and feel what it 's like to be on the launch pad .
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 The HFC P99 airsoft pistol is one of the best for the bucks.It 's accurate -LRB- out to 20 yds . -RRB- , packs a nice wallop -LRB- the FPS rating seems correct -RRB- , looks good , feels great in your hand , and is a nice way to practice target or point shooting for pennies on the dollar.Since I also have 2 older versions of this pistol , as well as a Umarex/Crosman airsoft P99 , it made sense to grab another HFC when my first one finally gave up the ghost after a few thousand BBs passed through it.I recommend using premium 6mm BBs in this pistol , as it will be a lot less likely to jam when cocking . The cheapies hang up in the chamber and will not cycle properly.The fake supressor is a nice `` add-on '' and makes this pistol look just like the one used by James Bond in Casino Royale.As always , practice safety when using this , being sure to wear protective eyewear -LRB- because sometimes the BBs DO come back at you as fast as they left the barrel -RRB- . AIRSPLAT.COM is the place to get it , as they often have sale pricing for certain items . And their shipping is right on time.If you 're looking to replace one of your low-end spring pistols , or just want to enter the airsoft realm , this is the item to get . You ca n't beat the price considering the quality of the pistol.Ask ANY `` 00 '' agent.Shoot Safely , B.G.
 I pulled this gun out of the Case and said WOW . It looks exactly like James Bond 's pistol . So I took it outside , and shot off a few rounds . This thing packs a punch , it easily shoots 270 + fps . Its extremely accurate and a great gun overall . My only qualms is that the safetly broke after a week of heavy use -LRB- my friends and I were having 3-4 matches a day -RRB- and when I tried to remove the silencer after I put it on I accidentally pulled the orange Plug in the front off . Its easy to fix , and after i glued it it looked just like new .
 Well i ordered this from airsplat.com and got a few days later and opened the box . I 'm a big fan of James Bond and I must say this pistol looked just like the one in Casino Royale . The instructions were easy enough and i had the gun ready in about 1 min . When i fired with .12 g bbs , they went everywhere !!! That sort of made me a little concernicus . but when I fired with .20 g bbs , the gun shaped up its accuracy exponentially . Even so , it was not accurate enough . To get the most out of this gun , i suggest a nice pack of .23 g 's . It feels good in the hand and the mag release was flawless . The cosmetics of the gun are beyond perfection . It came with a fiber optic sight but i discarded that because the fiber optic part kept popping out of its hold . The silencer is good looking but really just a hollow piece of plastic that decreases accuracy . During one fight , I hit my friend and i could hear him say ow so that convinced me that the fps was 290 + . Great for all skill levels and worth the price . I am satisfied with my purchase .
 it worth the money and really hurts but the silencer breaks federal law because when you attach it on the gun the orange tip is barely visable
 For the 20 bucks i spent it was well worth it . A relatively accurate gun , decent range and power . Feels good in your hand as well .
 I have owned this pistol for over a year now , and my biggest problem I have seen is that the bb 's could be more accurate . However , I 'm using .12 bb 's , which may be part of the problem . My friends all comment about how good it looks , and it has several nice features.The magazine unlock is very nicely placed and allows for a quick change of the magazine . When the clip is empty , the gun slide -LRB- the part that slides back to cock the gun -RRB- locks in the back position to signal you that you have run out of bb 's , saving you from firing a few blanks before noticing your out.Overall its fairly accurate , sometimes the bb 's fly way out of where you were shooting , but it is a very minor problem . It is a very good compact gun to be used as a sidearm for your main weapon , but if you are just using pistols I suggest getting something a little better .
 I got to loving the short-sleeve version of this T-shirt so much , I ended up picking up a couple of the long-sleeve ones when things cooled down . A super-comfortable , great-performing shirt . I have 6 of the short-sleeve and 4 of the long-sleeve ones now.I wear this shirt casually , as well as for workouts , working hard around the house , and as a cover-up during swim meets . If for some reason it gets wet or you sweat in it , it dries very , very rapidly . So much more comfortable and functional than a cotton T-shirt . It 's amazing , because you stay cool in it if it 's warm or you 're working hard , but you also stay warm in it when it 's cool . The fabric is a very fine , dense weave , so in spite of the fact that the material is silky feeling and light weight , you stay comfortable if you 're outside and it 's a bit cooler and breezy . It also makes a great base-layer shirt under other , heavier apparel if it gets REALLY cool outside . If you buy your regular T-shirt size , the shirt will have a slightly loose , oversized fit , which I really like for the freedom of movement it gives you.The shirts are VERY high quality , very durable , and require no special care . Very highy recommended .
 I bought about 6 of these loose fit under armor shirts in black and green . They fit great and are very comfortable . I am 6 ' 4 and 220 and wear the large and it fits just fine and was long enough . I did buy and XL and it was too loose , so be careful about the size you choose , they 're not kidding when they say loose gear .
 Bought this as a `` test '' for when I play golf in colder weather -LRB- 15-20 Celsius or 60-70F -RRB- . Positively surprised , very comfortable .
 I own 2 of these Under Armour shirts . They are not heavy enough for extreme cold weather , but is very comfortable and durable .
 This shirt was great when the daily temperature starts cold and warms up during the day . It kept me warm when it was cold , and kept me cool when it was warm .
 Very happy with the shopping services and the product but suggest much more clarity that ordering ONE really means a SET of FOUR weight plates .
 I 'm using these bags to archive magazines but also loose 8 X 11 prints , artwork and documents -- looks like they are marketed for comic book geeks and they would work perfectly for that.They are wide enough to accommodate pretty fat magazines and have a one-inch or so flap that you can tape shut . A great bargain for documents/photographs since most of the archival materials for those run four or five times the cost of these bags . I 'm very happy with these !
 I know the biggest fear I had in ordering these bags was if they were going to work for what I wanted them for . I 'd hate to buy these and find out they 're too small.These bags are for normal magazines . -LRB- The picture makes it look like they 're for comic books , but they 're way too big for normal comics . -RRB- These fit my old Nintendo Power , GamePro , and big/fat issues of EGM . But , extra wide magazines like GameInformer DO N'T fit in these bags.Now , I may have said these are n't for comic books , but I actually use these to sleeve my various Trade Paperbacks of comics . Since they 're made for magazines , which are wider and taller than comics , it allows room to expand . Usually , I can keep two TPBs in every magazine bag . Then , all you got ta do is fold them a little on the side to make a tight fit . But , not those Deluxe Edition Hardcovers , if you want to store those you need the Playboy Sized bags.These are not self-sealing bags , you 'll need a bit of tape to keep it closed . Self-sealing bags might be better if you plan on bagging your mags then storing them and not reading them . Because , if you 're going to be reading them , the glue on the self-sealing bags makes getting these mags in and out very annoying.Still , 100 Sleeves for less than $ 10 is a great bargain , and now I know for certain which bags to buy when I need more .
 If you want to keep your favorite collection of mags in nice shape these should do the trick for short term or maybe yearly -LRB- annual -RRB- collections like Playboy or Rolling Stone or even Becketts Monthlies whatever sport you choose anyways the flip over top is a good touch also only problem is you will have to tape with cellophane tape to complete job............Scotch@sgreen82 . .
 good item and well decribed . tells you everything you need to know in disciption . good for all colletors for items you want to save .
 Ultra Pro Magazine Size Bags are good for playboy issues as well as comics . I give it 2 thumbs up .
 The magazine bags were appropriate in size where I can insert my magazine without difficulty ; no struggling with inserting or removing the magazine from the pouch . Also , it has a fold-over flap on one end if you want to tape it close . These type of covers were difficult to find in retail stores . I like the price too for the given quantity !
 These are perfect not only for comics , but for magazines and photo 's . They are not cheap plastic , they are a heavy plastic that would take a lot to get it to tear . I use them for my photo business . The hold a document size phot perfectly , that keeps the picture safe inside if something happens to the package -LRB- if it gets wet per se -RRB- . The price is wonderful as well .
 These are good quality . And really , you ca n't beat the price . I use them for shipping and storing magazines , they are a good protection against moisture and whatever .
 I purchased these along with the Ultra Pro magazine-size backing boards . Just what the doctor ordered for protecting my collectible magazines like the Star Trek , Beatles , Steve Jobs and George Harrison specials , among others . I also use these for placing my packing slips into when shipping comic books . It makes for a much more professional presentation than just folding it up and cramming it in the envelope . First impressions are the ones that are remembered most ! They 're just a few cents each , so it does not eat into my bottom line that much . I tape the bagged and boarded comic books to the back side of the backing board , which ensures that they will stay clear of the edges and corners of the envelope . The packing slip faces front -LRB- no pun intended , Marvelites ! -RRB- inside the bag . This assembly then gets sandwiched in-between two sheets of corrugated cardboard for rigid protection before being placed inside the Kraft envelopes.Item arrived quickly and undamaged . So far , I have not had any problems with poor fit with the boards or bags splitting . If I do , I will revise this review .
 I bought this to mainly use for my odd shaped comics such as my `` Stuff of Legend '' and `` Mouse Guard '' comics . With the backboard , it protects the comic well but its a bit big . But since they dont make a sleeve for that size it will do . What I did was measure out the comic and custom cut the bag and board to be closer to the size of the comic . It turns out pretty well . the board and the bag are easy to cut and customize into he size you need .
 Have been using these to store my Nintendo Power magazines and they work great . Not much else to say really , they do their job and they do it well .
 These bags are perfect for properly archiving small to medium sized magazines/documents or improperly archiving larger magazines . Once these bags have a board in them , there is not enough space for a large sized magazine to fit without splitting the bag or bending the mag . Smaller magazines fit well and look great at a nice price.The bags do not have sealer , but a flap that can be taped , etc.The bags are a little bit on the thin side , so if you 're looking to protect something of real value look elsewhere .
 I just needed a few magazine bags to save a few things in my Steve Jobs archieve . They worked great .
 I 've had mine since it was released in ~ 2006 . The battery meter still shows high and I 've never replaced the battery thanks to the solar charging face . I disagree with the other reviewer on the compass problem . Mine works very well but does need recalibration every several months if you need it to be perfect . The altimeter is very close to perfect . Maybe off by 20-50ft but its a watch for crying out loud . I do enjoy the barometer for double checking my airplane when the field does n't report pressure . I 've loved it and its still ticking strong .
 Perfect fit . My motor had a vibration , the new prop took care of that . Way cheaper than cabelas . Great product .
 Needed two replacements for my pontoon boat with twin 48 LB thrust Minn Kota motors . These came with new keys and wing nuts . Great buy !
 Great buy great price worked out great on my trolling motor used this for over 2 years shows no wear
 This product is a good choice , Minnkota is the best brand out there but just make sure you know the size you need .
 The prop was a little difficult to find . I was so happy to see it was available on Amazon.I feel assured when I buy from Amazon , the item will infact arrive in the time frame I need .
 I bought this rain suit to wear to Andalucia in Spain . It rained the entire time I was there and I was there to do some hiking in the mountains with a group . Well , we did the hiking in the rain sometimes . The suit fits well , which I appreciate because I 'm five feet two . The pants kept my legs dry and the jacket kept my shirt dry . However , you do get hot wearing it if you 're hiking so I think this suit is good for city wearing but not for lots of activity which was what I was doing . For the most part , it served its purpose for a good price .
 I purchased this suit to carry with me while on the boat . I 've used it frequently over the past two years for cold winds and rain . The suit has held up well and kept me dry and warm . It 's exactly the added layer I wanted for the price .
 Nice rain suit , I am very happy with the purchase . Was afraid the material might be real thin but it was n't . I 've worn it many times in real heavy rain and it has kept me dry .
 Kept me dry in the rain storm all day , pants and top both . A little warm when the sun came out since it did n't breath real well but just unzip and go on .
 I got to loving the short-sleeve version of this T-shirt so much , I ended up picking up a couple of the long-sleeve ones when things cooled down . A super-comfortable , great-performing shirt . I have 6 of the short-sleeve and 4 of the long-sleeve ones now.I wear this shirt casually , as well as for workouts , working hard around the house , and as a cover-up during swim meets . If for some reason it gets wet or you sweat in it , it dries very , very rapidly . So much more comfortable and functional than a cotton T-shirt . It 's amazing , because you stay cool in it if it 's warm or you 're working hard , but you also stay warm in it when it 's cool . The fabric is a very fine , dense weave , so in spite of the fact that the material is silky feeling and light weight , you stay comfortable if you 're outside and it 's a bit cooler and breezy . It also makes a great base-layer shirt under other , heavier apparel if it gets REALLY cool outside . If you buy your regular T-shirt size , the shirt will have a slightly loose , oversized fit , which I really like for the freedom of movement it gives you.The shirts are VERY high quality , very durable , and require no special care . Very highy recommended .
 I bought about 6 of these loose fit under armor shirts in black and green . They fit great and are very comfortable . I am 6 ' 4 and 220 and wear the large and it fits just fine and was long enough . I did buy and XL and it was too loose , so be careful about the size you choose , they 're not kidding when they say loose gear .
 Bought this as a `` test '' for when I play golf in colder weather -LRB- 15-20 Celsius or 60-70F -RRB- . Positively surprised , very comfortable .
 I own 2 of these Under Armour shirts . They are not heavy enough for extreme cold weather , but is very comfortable and durable .
 This shirt was great when the daily temperature starts cold and warms up during the day . It kept me warm when it was cold , and kept me cool when it was warm .
 My fault hat I purchased the wrong prop -LRB- needed a # 7 -RRB- . Return went well but cost me a 50 % restocking fee : - -LRB-
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 Minn Kota MKP 32 Prop 2091160 Weedless Wedge 2These props rule ! . I ordered one for a spare on a 55/3X motor . What they do n't tell you is that the prop comes with a spare nut , washer and pin . I wish I had known that before I ordered a separate nut kit .
 I bought this as a replacement for my original prop that sustained several nicks and dings over the last couple of years . The new prop works as well as the old one did when it was new . It is weedless as advertised . `` Love it ''
 I go through a couple of these each year and . they are the cheapest here . Amazing what you can find if you look .
 THIS THING WORKS GREAT ! I HAVE IT ON A MIN KOTA 55 AND IT CRANKS THROUGH SOME HEAVY WEEDAGE . MADE LIFE MUCH EASIER . CUTS THROUGH AND DOES N'T FOUL .
 Not much to say -- Minn Kota quality -- always good to have a spare in case that dreaded stump or rock fish whoops your trolling motor blade out of shape.Easy to switch.No trolling motor blade is truly weedless -- but it knocks out coontail okay .
 This is a quality bike rack . Very easy to use , durable , and bikes are secure on it - no wobbling . It is quite a bit more expensive than other racks , but well worth the money . I have had hitch mount racks in the past and this is much better . The bikes do not hit up against each other and you do n't have to use bungee cords on the wheels or handlebars .
 After wrestling with racks by Grabber and Yakima that hang the bikes by the top tubes , I finally broke down and bought this tray rack by Saris . Could n't be easier to use . No more bunge cords or velcro straps . Drove 700 miles with bikes on it and no movement whatsoever . It weighs more than some of the other racks and it 's not cheap but it 's worth every dime . If you have a nice bike and do n't want to worry about beating it up -LRB- I have a couple of very high end road bikes -RRB- , this is the only rack to use .
 It 's a solid rack - though that also means it is fairly heavy.As mentioned in a review for the non - ` Pro ' modelSaris Cycle-On 2-Bike Hitch Mount Rack , the printed assembly instructions are pretty poor - refer to the assembly video on the Saris site -LRB- a larger version is also on YouTube -RRB- . The video seems to differs a little from the printed instructions by the way -LRB- the order of bolting the rack to the hitch bar -RRB- . Even the video is lacking , some of the trickier bits have been purposely edited out . Examples : - it was difficult for me to get the bolt sleeve in position ; I needed to tap it in place . In the video , the sleeve jumps from being placed near position to being in place - I assume the installer has some difficulty here and it was edited out . It would have helped me out if either that was included , or at least if the printed instructions mentioned it could be tight fit . - along the same lines , but less important , when the first bolt hole needs to be lined up it generally takes a few tries to get it right - these apparently were also edited out of the video . In other words the video shows a smooth not-quite-real-world installation experience . Be prepared to spend a few more minutes with your installation.I found that the internal part that provides tool-less hitch tightening sometimes gets out of alignment making it impossible to tighten the hitch . You need to position it so that it starts to protrude from the side of the hitch bar .
 Its a very good bike with the Exception of a Broken Clamp just after 2 uses . The Clamp is plastic , metal would be better . I called Saris , got the part within few days . Good Customer Service . Other that that , its very solid bike rack .
 I used it for 800 miles with two bikes on , attached on a 2007 BMW X5.Bikes stayed stable with no movement whatsoever . Very confident.They create a `` V '' shaped rearward , not obstructing rear view.To open the rear gate on an SUV , you really need to unload the inner bike - easily done.DISADVANTAGES
 VERY sturdy bike rack , I read some complaints about how hard it is to put together ???? I do n't understand those , there are only 6 nuts and bolts , 4 hold on the wheel trays - hint they are black and all the same size - the largest one holds the rack to the hitch assembly , fourth one is a bit harder , but there is only one hole left ! There is a short video on the Saris web site if you ca n't figure out where it goes . This is a very nice rack , I am very happy with it . Only a tiny complaint ; it is a bit heavy because it is so sturdy - there are trade offs ...
 This is a nice solid heavy duty rack . I like the fact that bikes can be loaded easily . It would be nice if the specs were a little larger to make a snugger fit in a class III hitch .
 great basic car/camping kit . No field surgery or anything , but can take care of the basic scrapes .
 I purchased several of these for the coaches in our basketball league . They have worked well and fit the bill for what we were looking for .
 I bought this rain suit to wear to Andalucia in Spain . It rained the entire time I was there and I was there to do some hiking in the mountains with a group . Well , we did the hiking in the rain sometimes . The suit fits well , which I appreciate because I 'm five feet two . The pants kept my legs dry and the jacket kept my shirt dry . However , you do get hot wearing it if you 're hiking so I think this suit is good for city wearing but not for lots of activity which was what I was doing . For the most part , it served its purpose for a good price .
 I purchased this suit to carry with me while on the boat . I 've used it frequently over the past two years for cold winds and rain . The suit has held up well and kept me dry and warm . It 's exactly the added layer I wanted for the price .
 Nice rain suit , I am very happy with the purchase . Was afraid the material might be real thin but it was n't . I 've worn it many times in real heavy rain and it has kept me dry .
 Kept me dry in the rain storm all day , pants and top both . A little warm when the sun came out since it did n't breath real well but just unzip and go on .
 These shirts are great at the lake or working out . The wear like iron and will last you along time even under harsh conditions . I had some for two deployments to IQ and AF . I still have them and they only have a little visible wear . I also recommend the underwear , they last forever and feel really comfy . avoid the heatgear socks , they are comfy and cool but they wear out in a month or two when wearing them with boots or cleats .
 Larger sizes have been hard for me to find in these shirts . It is good quality and fits great . Ordering and delivery were done with out any problems.Greg R.
 The Carson Adventure Pak is a great birding kit for youth . The binocular is 5x30 , which is good for birding and good for children . The lower magnification means less `` handshake '' , and a more stable image . Also , this binocular is a smaller size which is good for younger hands . Most of the items in this adventure kit seem durable and well made . The cord for the binocular is thin , but seems sturdy . The only problem I have discovered so far , is that the thermometer on the whistle does not work . I bought two kits at the same time -LRB- one for each of my children -RRB- and both of their thermometers read 80 degrees at all times , even inside our home . I am not going to return these kits over a defective thermometer . My main reason for this purchase was to provide my children with a decent pair of binoculars , all the other stuff was just a bonus.Contents
 I gave this five stars instead of four because they are toys ; everything in my grandson 's set works and reasonably well . I would not want to stake my like on them but if I was in a situation they were all I had I would trust them . The compass works and is true , the binoculars are about as hight a power as a young child can hold steady , the flashlight works but I think is the least durable of the items in the set , the whistle is loud enough to be a life saver and the thermometer works and is fairly accurate . Most important my four year old grandson loves them .
 for my grandson who lives in another state . He like it very much as he is into a camping phase right now .
 This was a Christmas gift for an adventuresome granddaughter . She loved all the components . The items seem to be well made and all worked well .
 This Adventure Pak was a great purchase for our 4 year old son . The binoculars feel extremely durable ; in fact better than some higher dollar pairs I have purchased for myself previously . The compass is accurate , and has many features considering it 's in a inexpensive set like this . The whistle has temperature gauges on the sides , which allow the temperature to fluctuate as your kid blows a ton of hot air through them . Only real complaint is the flashlight . It 's super cheap and flimsy . With the reduced cost of LED flashlights now , it would have been the icing on the cake to provide a cheap LED light . Outside of that ; the pack is perfect . Would recommend this for anyone considering a set of this nature even for kids up to 8-10 years old .
 Gift for my 8 y/o nephew . Gift was age appropriate & he loved all the items , especially the compass ! Received in excellent condition before expected date . Good value
 I purchased this outdoor adventure set for my grandson who is six . He was absolutely thrilled with it . I think the compass was his favorite thing .
 My four year old daughter LOVES this kit ! The binnoculars are perfect for small hands and very easy to adjust for young eyes to see far away . Compass and flashlight are a little cheap , but for the price they meet my approval . Definitely more for play and exploring than accuracy . Wish the carry case had a strap instead of belt loop , but otherwise super happy with this purchase .
 This item arrived packaged securely , in great shape and is a perfect starter set . The binoculars require no adjusting and are clear . The compass works adequately and is a great beginner compass to learn how to properly use one . Instructions are packaged with the kit to teach proper use . The whistle is a cute addition to alert others and the thermometer works with Farenheit on one side and Celcius on the other . The flashlight , although small , is a perfect size for little hands and provides adequate light . I think that this is an awesome beginner set and it comes with a package to keep it all neatly tucked inside with a loop to attach to a back pack or belt . After seeing the set , I wished that I had ordered an extra set or two and recommend it if you will have other siblings or friends over to explore with your child .
 My nephew loved this for Christmas . Could n't wait to get outside and play with it . Great product for the price . I will be purchasing this again for my son .
 This was gotten as a Christmas gift and suggested by the parents . As soon as the gift was opened the grandchildren wanted to play with the toy .
 The Lamiglas Surf King SK10MS is built light and tight . It 's a good rod for casting 3/4oz . -3 oz . lures on 14 # mono . It has a medium action and can only safely support a load of about 4.0 # , so it should not be used with heavy line or to ever cast more than 4oz . total -LRB- bait + sinker -RRB- . This rod has a very light handle , so it 's tip-heavy , which can be balanced by wrapping 6-7oz . of electrical solder around the base of the handle and securing it with cement . The SK10MS is quite sensitive and is very good for casting 1oz.-3oz . lures long distances on relatively light line for long periods of time . The best fish I 've landed with mine so far was a 27 # , 40 '' striped bass . If you 're looking for a lightweight medium-duty surf rod , this one is an excellent value !
 I like it . light weight , loads up well , does n't rip bait off of my hook when i cast , a good buy .
 This is what I needed . I use to carry the GPS in many ways not fixed at my car and was very exposed to shocks and dust.With the cover I 'm sure that the screen will be high protected .
 The GPS cover is exactly what you would expect . I would have prefered a little tighter fit but it seems to do nicely .
 el producto llena mis expectativas , llego a tiempo , recomiendo al vendedor , producto de buena calidad . no tengo quejas al respecto .
 The fit is n't great , but it covers it , it 's cheap and easy to install . It does protect the delicate screen very well , though the cover can come off if tossed into a bag loose , a rubber band cures that when needed .
 After purchasing this cover , I can only wish I bought it sooner . Fits perfect and looks awesome . Great product for a great price to protect a very expensive gps unit .
 For the price I paid for the Garmin 276C , they should have included this cover . Now , the screen is no longer covered with fingerprints . A good investment .
 This cover is an excellent and required accesory for the Garmin 276C Marine GPS . It keeps it protected from excessive moisture , dust and the sun when not in use . Furthermore , it protects the screen and keypad while traveling to and from the boat in a drybag or backpack .
 I bought this to replace a cover that was lost . Like most Garmin products it was a bit pricy , but seems to be an original product and works fine .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 Shawne Merriman Navy San Diego Chargers Youth NFL Replica JerseyItem is of high quality and arrived in time for Christmas .
 This is a sturdy knife , with a very solid locking mechanism . The handle seems to be solid brass , with wood inserts.However , the wood inserts do n't quite fit into the handle perfectly , with some gaps . Also , if the knife is squeezed shut , the blade can run into the back of the handle , but that takes a bit of force on the lock lever . This is knife is mostly made out of metal , so it is quite heavy , and the balance point when it is open is in the middle of the handle , roughly where the middle rivet is.If you are looking for a heavy classic brass and wood pocket knife , this is a good option for the price .
 This is a very nice little knife for the price . It is just the right size for a pocket knife that one might use for opening boxes , cutting rope or any number of other uses . It stays pretty sharp and is pretty well made . I have been using one for over 3 years and it is still in excellent condition . I have had to sharpen it maybe 5 times in that 3 year period . If you are wanting a dependable all-purpose pocket knife this one will be a good choice .
 If your looking for small pocket knife with classic styling , look no further . Holds a great edge , good folding action.Happy with the purchase !
 This is a great little every day carry knife , but the value gets it five stars . It 's under $ 10.00 !! Slim and sleek , it glides easily in and out of your pocket . The brass body gives it good weight and solid feel in your hand , and the wood inserts add a classic look . It 's a nice change in the days of metal skeleton and composite handles . As with most low-end lock blades , the blade is a bit softer than some of the high end alloys out there , and there is also a subtle blade centering issue . However , this blade arrived quite sharp and does lock open with authority . It is also very easy to sharpen because of the softer alloy . There is absolutely no play once it is locked open . If you are buying another item on Amazon under $ 25.00 and looking at shipping costs , just add this to your cart to qualify for the free shipping . I did this and got the knife for only $ 3.00 more than I was going to spend without it . This is also one of those rare items that you can give as a gift for under $ 10.00 , but it will seem to be worth much more than you spent.Supplemental . Ive had the knife for a few weeks now . The lock is a little loose , but still functions well . I 'd probably go with four stars given the locking mechanism loosening ; that is kind of a big deal . Also , you might look at the Buck 55 or 505 if you 'd like this same design and size in an overall better knife . You 'll pay a good bit more , but Buck 's blade steel -LRB- 420HC -RRB- is slightly more durable and the locking mechanism is the real deal . This knife , Winchester 's version , is a copy off Buck 's original . I still would have purchased this knife for the price though . I 'll save my money for larger weekend EDC knife with some of that S30V steel . This little guy just comes to the office everyday with me and cuts oranges .
 I carry this knife with me all the time and really like it.I like the plain wood inserts and brass combo.An attractive knife except for the hole in the bolster but that does not downgrade the knife.As the other reviewer said , it is really a sturdy built knife and an exc . buy . You could pay an awful lot more and get an awful lot less .
 Great little knife !! Easy to carry in your pocket with out being bulky/heavy . Very well made quality is obvious . Very sharp upon arrival and seems to hold a good edge . Lock open was a little stiff but became better after using a few times . I highly recommend this knife . would be hard to find better at this price !!!
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 Delivered on time . The product it self was very well packaged in original box and plastic wrap . The unit itself is also very well built , well worth the money .
 I have an AR-15 and and a Rugar SR-22 . I wanted a quick mount to attach several kinds of sights and move them between rifles . Thus I have two 2-1/2 inch bases and three 4-inch bases . I have a carry handle with open rear sight on the SR-22 rail.Manufacturing tolerances on this item is very poor . Only about half of the mounts would fit into the handle . They were two wide . Two of them I exchanged with only one fitting . I ended up getting some emery cloth and had to hand sand one down to make it fit . Even with this hand fitting , the mounts do not all interchange on both rifles.If you get this mount be prepared to make some exchanges or to do some hand work . You will have about a fifty-fifty chance of it fitting the first time.When you do get it to fit , it will reseat very well whenever you remount it .
 Perfect fit ... and no cross threading/stripping of the tightening wheel . Also you can see through the base and still use iron sights . 5 stars all the way !! All metal and zero plastic ! This was used on a REAL 223cal AR15 and not on an airsoft toy or pellet gun .
 I installed this on a bushmaster carbine ... mount was a very nice snug fit ... also make for a nice shroud to reduce glare off the rear irons ... Would be nice if mount was a lil longer ... but i fine the way it is .
 This is the second one I have purchased , well needed product for A2 style AR 's . Best idea NT Star has come up with to mount your scopes . Buy it very good investment and you do n't have to fumble with risers or adapters .
 Very nice product , nice price . Installed on my colt AR 15 with a Bushnell 3x9 Trophy xlt . Started sighting in at 40 yards , 2 &#34; off . Not bad !
 Fine product . Easy to install on carry handle , tight fitting see through scope mount . Easy to install and remove without the need for tools . Very satisfied .
 Fit great , no lapping needed to be done to fit in the grove and I like the way you can see open sights with no prblems
 It holds my scope very firmly when in the range , and simple to install and get set . cant really complain
 Installed it on the AR and its very sturdy . Love the fact that I can remove it and aput it back on with no adjustment needed to scope .
 If you are reading this I assume you are a A2/variant owner . You want to mount a scope on your handle . Your rifle is not a flat top but came as god intended . Well if you are such a person you also want to raise scope height as little as possible . There is basically this integrated ring/adapter/mount method or picatinny handle adapter/rings . This integrated method denies you the use of a carry handle rail to mount other accessories . Where this shines is it 's ability to maintain reasonable scope height . It is as low or lower than using an adapter and the lowest set of rings available . It 's well made , it 's integrated and it rocks . I had mounted my Nikon m223 on it 's supplied $ 80 mount . That and an adaptor raised scope height to the point that it was laughable . I still have that rail if I ever need to mount something besides the scope but I am a simple man . Well constructed . 20-30mm adapters are interlocking steel sleeves with strips of fabric glued to them . Nice . Mounting is accomplished and allows a forward scope positon which allows `` nose to charging handle '' clearance without getting a kiss from the scope . It 's perfect . You can mount it so far forward that your usual cheek weld still works AND eye relief is DEAD ON -LRB- assuming you have the `` as god intended '' A2 stock -RRB- . With this low position you will see the front site in the lower 1/3 quadrant .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 I bought this rain suit to wear to Andalucia in Spain . It rained the entire time I was there and I was there to do some hiking in the mountains with a group . Well , we did the hiking in the rain sometimes . The suit fits well , which I appreciate because I 'm five feet two . The pants kept my legs dry and the jacket kept my shirt dry . However , you do get hot wearing it if you 're hiking so I think this suit is good for city wearing but not for lots of activity which was what I was doing . For the most part , it served its purpose for a good price .
 I purchased this suit to carry with me while on the boat . I 've used it frequently over the past two years for cold winds and rain . The suit has held up well and kept me dry and warm . It 's exactly the added layer I wanted for the price .
 Nice rain suit , I am very happy with the purchase . Was afraid the material might be real thin but it was n't . I 've worn it many times in real heavy rain and it has kept me dry .
 Kept me dry in the rain storm all day , pants and top both . A little warm when the sun came out since it did n't breath real well but just unzip and go on .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 Despite the fact that it is called a liner sock , I thought these things would be thick enough to wear on their own with certain kinds of boots and was initially disappointed that they were n't . I almost sent them back because , they would be very uncomfortable if worn like that . They are maybe just a bit thicker than a pair of women 's nylons and meant to go into a heavier sock , which is what I did . I 've never worn anything like this before , so putting them on kind of felt like old man hospital socks.But when putting my wool hiking socks over the top , this is when I realized these things would shine . It kept the comfort around my foot while allowing the larger sock to do its job - insulate . I never realized how much insulated socks will rub until these stopped it . Though I do n't have a problem with friction causing foot problems while hiking , comparing the with/without these socks , my feet are a lot more comfortable and do n't wear out nearly as fast . Feet stay dry , no blisters , no redness , no irritation , even when hiking 50 % more than my normal max.Since they 've only been on one excursion so far , I have no information as to their wear , but I also have no reason to think I wo n't have them for awhile . They seem well made and look like they should last . If they do n't , it 's because they take up the wear that would otherwise be on my feet , and for that , I 'll buy more .
 Bought two pair for a climb of Mt Kilimanjaro . My hiking boots are amazing , but I also credit these for NO BLISTERS after 8 days and 42 miles !
 I have 2 other pairs of these socks that are beginning to show their wear . They are great to put under your regular socks for wicking , extra warmth and comfort . They dry overnight .
 The socks were much shorter than I expected . I was looking for something closer to knee sock height . They seem good quality .
 I purchased two of these knives to practice my engraving on and really did n't expect much for 121/2 bucks , but I was really surprised at the quality , fit and finish . These knives come with a leather scabbard which appears to be of high quality and would probably sell for at least half of the price of the knife alone . I would have perferred not to have the thong hole in the rear bolster or the `` Winchester '' logo on the blade , for my purposes , but they do not really distract from the appearance of the knife . I think that these knives compare favorably with the 110 Buck which sells for three times as much .
 durable heavy duty whiffle balls for tee work . bought a couple dozen of these for hitting in the garage - super balls . when ... if i need more - i 'll buy these again
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 Hard to find item , looked for a long while before finding this . My BF from MD loves the hat and gets complimented on it whenever he wears it .
 i bought this same sword at the mall . it is a fine quality sword good balance , a fine piece .
 I use this string in a hybrid stringing -LRB- with synthetic gut for crosses -RRB- , and it has a soft feel . Also pretty good longevity , and sometimes very good . I do n't know why sometimes the longevity is so much better , wish it was always that way , makes you wonder about the variations in the manufacturing from batch to batch . But is never bad , better longevity and cheaper than natural gut , and I do n't see any extra benefit from natural gut for premium price .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 Product fits Whale 13 ' Sport . The intuitions for proper measurement and installation were easy to follow . From removal of the old cable to installation of the new cable took about two hours . It is best to have two people to pull and run the cable . I do not think one person could do it .
 This was the right product and received in a timely manner , for a below wholesale price . My husband was very pleased , especially when it fixed his boat so he could go fishing . Good company , just right prices .
 Product functioned as described . Nice to be able to carry a third bicycle . Easy to add the unit on or to take off if not needed . Brake light that was included made a nice touch ...
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 i bought this because my old brush was worn out . i use alot of other hoppe 's stuff so i knew it would be a good product . the bristles are a stiff plastic that cleans but doesnt scratch . good buy .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 I 've had this trainer for a couple of years . I use it at least once per week for a 45 minute very hard workout . I like doing the Spinervals DVD workouts while on this trainer . It has held up extremely well.I think it is plenty quiet . I can hear my DVD fine without turning the volume way up , and my family never complains about the sound of my workouts.This trainer , combined with Coach Troy 's Spinervals DVD 's , has helped put me at the top of my age group in local triathlon races , particularly the bike split !
 I picked one of these up as a display model -LRB- co-branded by Trek and Cycleops -RRB- at a local bike shop . The mounting is extremely easy , but as is the case with most trainers , you have to remove the quick release from your rear wheel and insert a new one to fit the trainers mount . Fortunately , you can also ride on it if you 're concerned about going back and forth a lot , but I think for most people this is an `` off season device . `` It take about 10 seconds to mount the bike.The resistance is based entirely on how fast you pedal , so using your bike 's gears you can go from a light warm up to heavy grinding . The ride is n't quite like the road but it is relatively quiet , and like I said the resistance is strong enough to let you do some strength training in addition to cardio.This is my first trainer , so I ca n't really compare it to anything else , but I 'd definitely recommend it as an affordable option if you already have a decent bike .
 This is a great trainer ; it 's very quiet . Resistance settings seem adequate and would highly recommend the mat and climbing block . In addition to those I would highly recommend a trainer-specific tire for the rear wheel-not only for prevention of wear on the road tire , but it seems the trainer-specific tire has better grip/traction on the trainer itself .
 This is a great trainer for the price - excellent value , and very solid build quality . If I had to do it again , I would invest a little more money and go for a fluid trainer , either the Kurt Kinetic Road Machine , or one of the fluid trainers from Cycleops . They 're smoother , more realistic resistance , and let 's be honest , I would break my neck on rollers .
 Bought this for my boyfriend on valentine 's day . He 's been complaining of a gut and misses riding during Chicago 's cold winters . He raves about this trainer and especially about how comfortable and versatile it is ! Also , Biccel provides great customer service !
 Throw the directions out ... it will take you about 5 minutes to setup this trainer and get your bike attached . It is extremely easy to use and very quiet during rides . Great product , I would recommend it for beginners or more experienced roadies .
 I have n't had any experience with trainers in the past , but I can truly say I am very happy with this one . After reading reviews about the noise I was a bit concerned to say the least ... but I find the noise to be just fine . For the price , this trainer is definitely the way to go . Easy assembly and just overall good feel .
 It was easy to set up and is easy to use . It 's a little loud , but if you have your head phones on , it 's not a problem . It 's a great form of exercise and I enjoy the ride .
 Works exactly as advertised
 I 've really enjoyed my new CycleOps Magneto trainer . My favorite feature is the quick release mounting . I can remove my bike on a good outdoor day quick as a wink , and have it back on in 3 shakes of a lambs tail !
 This is my first indoor trainer so I was a little worried about my choice . Exactly what I needed . Good quality at a good price .
 I received this trainer as a Christmas present from my wonderful wife and have used it a handful of times already . Putting it together is not very difficult , though following the instructions step by step wo n't necessarily get you where you need to be . I supplemented with a Youtube video that helped me overcome my logical/spatial shortcomings . My wife seemed to figure out the assembly more intuitively than I did . In short , the metal drum -LRB- the part that presses against the back tire -RRB- does n't have to be as tight as the directions seem to indicate . A little bit of experimentation will let you get your tire where it needs to be . The key is to be able to flip the yellow handle up or down to create the right pressure against the tire . Once it 's set up , it 's good to go . Not loud at all , a great experience .
 This is my first own trainer , in the past a friend lend me a trainer that was old and noising , then when I was looking for my own , I putted attention in the noise . Now I 'm using this trainer , it is really quiet , you can listen the TV very well , without increasing the volume . Easy to install and fits very well my Specialized allez 2012 .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 Well made feels good in the hand opens and closes with one hand easily and the blade is rock solid -LRB- meaning no play -RRB- , overall great for light duty cutting peeling and makes a great pocket carry .
 Old fashion pocket knife . This is a decent quality every-day folding knife . It is fairly well manufactured with stainless steel and quite attractive wood inlay in the handle . I actually think it looks better than on the tiny Amazon image . The clip is stiff and securely holds the knife in place . The blade too is made relatively well and arrests precisely without any wobble . No high-tec materials or innovations here . I suppose no one will expect a top quality edge for 9.95 $ . It is stainless made in China , of course and heavy duty work will leave it 's marks . For the price a good deal .
 this is a great knife for messing around in the bushes when picking blackberries :-RRB- . i say that cause thats how it got admired and then stole . this is a great knife for camping and hiking . my first one eventually just wouldnt lock right . id had it for a long time and i dont blame the knife at all . the second time the tip of my blade got bend a little but it still worked great til it got slolen BUT i did shop around to find another one just like it because the walmart id bought both of mine no longer sold this model . i ended up getting a gift set at bass pro because it had this knife and a multi blade one with it in the pack and i am very protective of both of them . though its stainless it holds a nice edge and its sturdy and after all this time it still feels great on my hand . i would definately suggest it if you love the outdoors . one thing i dont like . this is a big knife so though i use it as a pocket knife its a bit bigger than i would want for every day use though ideal for the woods .
 I got this knife 11/2 yrs . ago and it has held up very well.Pros : Good weight to itVery sharp - does n't dull easilyCan be opened and closed with easeHas a belt clipCons : none
 Very solid build and high quality fit and finish . 147 grams weight a bit heavy . Does not auto fold out , stiff and has to be pushed open , has single blade lock release at fold in location . Firm pocket clip . Nice to have in a collection with its classic lines or for use as an everyday too .
 I never leave home without it . unless i go to school . but this knife is sharp ! I have used knifes before , but so far this is the best quality knife I have seen in a while . THIS KNIFE IS ALSO GORGEOUS !
 I recently lost my old one so I bought another one because I like how it feels and the weight of it is perfect . The knife came within the said dates and was well packaged .
 I bought this knife because I was looking for a locking pocket knife , with a partially serrated blade , and wood inlay handle . I searched for a while , and this one fit the bill perfectly . It 's pretty heavy , but it 's a good weight , it is incredibly sturdy and strong . It 's the perfect size for me to carry , too . My dad loved it so much , he bought one for himself . I highly recommend this knife to anybody looking for a good , dependable , pocket knife for years to come .
 Solid enought to use a a punching weight -LRB- enclosed within fist -RRB- , end stamp , or open and cut . This knife is actually made by GERBER so if you do n't know who they are then you probably do n't need a knife anyways ...
 I needed to carry 4 bikes on a camping trip so I purchased this 2 bike extension . It is as solid and easy to use as the main bike carrier it was added to . Once the heavy lifting is done and this rack is in your hitch your bikes snap in and out with ease . I nicked it one star because it is a bit heavy and perhaps a lighter metal alloy could have been used when manufacturing these .
 What can I say . If you like the Saris cycle-on . You 'll like the add-on . The only problem I ran into was that some handle bars would rub . I solved any damage with pipe insulation and duct tape over hand grip . Now no worries !! Also , it is heavy and wide . It requires two people to install .
 This rack is very easy to put together and install . It slides into the end of your existing Saris rack with just two bolts . For the price it is a great value and convenient . One detail to note , it is really heavy -LRB- over 60 pounds -RRB- so be ready to hold the weight when installing .
 I just received this rack and it 's great ! I assembled it in about an hour and installed it on a 2005 Honda Odyssey . It holds 2 Fuji Monterey bikes securely and is very easy to use . Without the bikes I can open the rear door on the Odyssey . Cycle-On Pro comes with 2 locks . One locks the rack to the car . The other locks the bikes to the rack . I would highly recommend this product . I have also ordered the 3rd bike add-on and will review it when it arrives .
 We had tried a different -LRB- not so cheap -RRB- bike rack to transport our 4 road bikes . That rack was not secure and i never felt comfortable with all four of them on there , however with the saris cycle on and the add-on , our bikes are very secure and its easy to to secure them in place . The bike rack itself with all 4 bike racks attached is very heavy when mounting onto your vehicle ... it it a two person -LRB- maybe man -RRB- job . Still worth it for peace of mind while traveling .
 I had used one of these racks when I rented a care in Salt Lake City going to Park City to ski . I had preordered a ski rack , but when I picked up the car no rack . I complained to the rental clerk who said , `` no problem '' and called someone to install a rack . I figured this would take awhile and was annoyed , but I went out to the car 5 mins later and there were these two magnetic racks that worked perfectly for the trip . Finally I bought my own for my new Infinity EX35 for which there is no aftermarket bolt on rack , went to Mammoth from LA with my skis and poles on top with no problems . The racks even have locks which help prevent them from being removed with skis in them and they take about 30 secs to mount on the car . If you only need to transport skis and poles and not bikes , kayaks , nuclear weapons , etc. these are perfect .
 Received my Inno Ski rack yesterday . It took me a few minutes to read the instruction . 30 second to install it on my car . One minute to slide my ski 's into the rack and lock them in . Simple , simple , simple . This rack is perfect for me and so easy . I always needed to go skiing with a a girl friend that had an SUV that could fit our ski 's . With this ski rack I do n't have to worry about that any longer , I can go myself any time . You must have a flat roof with no sunroofs or grid lines . Great idea , great design for us non SUV owners . Very glad I invested in this ski rack . Originally I was looking to buy a used rack due to budget but was never sure how all the straps worked and was confused on installation and would it fit my car . The Inno took all the guess work out of how to attach the rack to my car . First I road around with my old pair of ski 's & pole just to make sure this thing worked . It is totally solid . I highly recommend this rack .
 This is an incredibly cool product . I was looking for an inexpensive rack for my car , and stumbled across this one . It attaches very easily to the car , and assuming you read the instructions , it is very easy to remove as well . Certainly much easier than any other rack out there . The magnetic base holds quite strongly to the car roof . I had no concerns about highway speed . Putting skis in is nor harder than other racks I 've used . Also , I did n't hear any particular wind noise coming from the rackThe only downside is that it only carries 2 pairs of skis . The base is too large to safely have 2 sets on top of a car.To store the rack , you just stick the magnets together with a sheet of plastic inbetween that they provide then put the whole thing in a bag . Forgetting the plastic WILL make it difficult to pull them apart -LRB- imagine how I found out : - -RRB-
 I was skeptical but it seems to hold up great . Not to mention so easy to put on or take off . Great buy !
 The carrier works great , stays on the car very well and does n't freeze up in the snow . The only issue I have with it is it was not made with newer skiis in mind . I had to modify it with my dremel to fit my 98 mm wide skiis and anything wider still does n't fit .
 This works well . The only real issue I have is that it is loud . However , this is a problem with mag trainers and probably does n't have much to do with this particular trainer . I would definitely suggest getting a climbing block , otherwise you will feel like you are going down hill and this will make it hard to get up out of the saddle .
 Great price . Not noisy , like I 've read about other bike trainers . Glad I bought it . I 'm not an avid cyclist , but I needed some kind of regular cardio workout . I actually use it almost every day . Instead of sitting watching TV or doing email , now I watch TV and do email -LRB- on my smartphone -RRB- while riding ! I feel very productive , and I can really feel the calories burning !
 Great product - instructions were a little misleading . It said I needed to replace a piece of my bike with what they provided in order to attach the bike to the trainer.I Could n't figure out how to do it so i took it took a bike shop and they said it could n't be done , by my bike would hook it just fine as is-and it did !! Really love the product and get a great work out from it . I have a moutain bike and it works awesome .
 Did a ton of research on these before I bought this one . Have put over 250 miles on it so far . Excellent value , I get a great workout . Have n't installed the shifter as I set the rotor in the middle and use the bike 's gears instead . Only two small cons , although nit-picky - The rotor continuously knocks every so often and you have to stop and start again to make it stop knocking.The lock handle , locking the bike axle onto the trainer , will mysteriously unlock and cause the bike to shift sideways . Happened once fully , nothing broke , thank goodness , but have to check it every time I get on . It 's been half unlocked 3 or 4 times since . I hop around on it , must be the vibration of 50 miles or so that loosens it.I would recommend this as the best in class . The flywheel is heavy and creates a great workout .
 This item is a must to open up your cycling training days . Cold , rain , heat will not stop you when you are INDOORS . I take anywhere I can not get away , but still want to ride . Kids outdoor practice , on road trips , work . It can fold close to shrink the space needed . A bit noisy , but nothing ear buds ca n't drown out .
 Executive SummaryTry before you buy . Great unit , but YMMV . It 's always good to actually use something like this before you commit the $ 200 . I found myself extremely happy with this trainer . I bought the Mag + with the front tire riser too -LRB- a must get ! -RRB- . DetailsI ride nothing but mountain bikes . I injured my lower back riding the hills a little too aggressively , and needed to rehab on the bike . The reason I purchased the trainer was to train at home , for short periods , with a range of resistance allowing myself to strengthen my back without re-injury . PROS-The trainer is strong and lightweight , easy to move around or even throw in the back of your car.-Mag + version -LRB- vs. just the `` Mag '' -RRB- comes with a nice resistance adjuster , which I suggest and am glad I purchased ! - Affordable , especially for how quiet and indoor friendly it is . The fluid trainers are a LOT more $ $ $ and the wind trainers are very very very loud . Mag + is a great mid-range affordable option.CONS-Somewhat frustrating to put together ... think IKEA furniture type directions.-Additional gear required
 Recently got this trainer and have used it daily . Very pleased with it overall . Provides adequate resistance and not as noisy as I feared after reading other reviews of this product . Assembly was quick and easy despite nearly useless instructions . Recommend visiting Cycle Ops website for more detailed set up and usage instructions . Great trainer for the price .
 I am satisfied with this product . It is easy to use . My bike tire makes a little noise with it , but I have read if you switch it with another that it does n't make noise . I have n't done that because the noise does n't bother me and I like to be able to take my bike off this and use it outside . I think this provides a great work out for the small time bike rider !!
 unit arrived faster than I expected , set-up was a cinch , and I was riding within minutes . The supplied hub addapters did not fit my Schwinn mountain bike , but they were not needed as I have no quick disconnects on my rear wheels . I also ordered the front wheel leveling block , wish it had of been included in the box that contained my CycleOps Mag + .
 I am pleased with the CycleOps Mag + indoor trainer . It 's not as loud as I had anticipated based on other reviews , granted there is a bit of noise . I did not change out my bike tire to further reduce the noise ... I just turn the T.V. up ! That said , I would not recommend paying the extra $ $ for the remote shifter . It barely provides an increase in resistance and I feel the gears on my bike are sufficient for the occasional riding I do to maintain my riding endurance . But , I do enjoy the CycleOps indoor trainer and ca n't wait to get outside again !
 This trainer is easy to put together and easy to use . Having the adjustable resistance and bar mounted remote shifter is a bonus . I bought this item for physiotherapy use and it has helped me a lot with my severe osteo-arthritis of the knee . I would recommend this trainer to anyone with the same problem . And it can be used for training purposes too !!
 This bike trainer is well made and has proved very worthwhile attached to my older mountain bike . When the instruction manual states that a knobby tire is not recommended it is not kidding . I did n't have a smooth tire initially and the noise and vibration was horrible . Using a cheap smooth tire made a huge difference and now the trainer is nice and quiet . I take off 1 star because of the bar-mounted resistance adjustment lever . I could not get it to work ; the instructions were useless . The gears on the bike provide all the resistance variance I need so the extra lever was a waste of money . Get the model without the remote lever and save about $ 10 .
 This is a pretty good trainer for the money it costs . It does make some noise , but its not unbearable
 I really like this trainer in terms of it 's build quality , ease of assembly despite so-so instructions and slightly funky cable installation . I 've been using it for about 2 hours a week for the past two months and none of the pieces seem to feel like they are going to wear any time soon . Along with a block for the front wheel it all feels totally stable and that I could use this for the next 3 years without having a problem . In terms of noise , I wear around-the-ear headphones which are semi-open -LRB- AKG 240s -RRB- and I can watch TV or listen to music without having to push the volume up to compensate.Once assembled the adjustments are all pretty straight forward and your bike should fit easily . They thoughtfully include a replacement skewer in the box in case yours does n't fit or you are afraid of scratching the finish on yours . There are also online videos which help assembling and mounting your bicycle for the first . Most of it is pretty intuitive , so even without reading the instructions very carefully I had it assembled in less than 20 minutes . With properly inflated tires I found the tension knob too tight to actually turn per instructions , and rather painful too . Fortunately I did not have any problems with tire slippage with far less tension . There are no online manuals or videos explaining how to attach the remote shifter , but this may be a moot point . Which brings me to the major criticism of this model , resistance.A little background , I 'm in my 40 's and really out of shape . If I found the resistance range pretty narrow and too light I would guess anyone in better athletic condition will want to start with a trainer with a higher resistance capacity , which this one just wo n't give you.Having lived with it for a while , I think I should have either bought the model without the cable , saving myself the money or spent the extra $ 60 - $ 120 to start with the Magneto or Fluid2 , then I would n't be thinking of upgrading so early .
 A little noisy but with headphones you can hardly tell . I have really enjoyed this trainer . It 's easy to set up/take down , it provides a great work out and it 's small enough to store in out small apartment . Over all a great purchase . It even arrived before the expected shippment date !
 I love riding my bike , but I do n't ride during the colder months . I bought this trainer as a way to keep in shape over the winter , and it 's perfect for my needs . It 's quiet , it was easy to set up , and it works great . I have seen a few reviews about the magnetic shifter gadget being difficult to attach or use , but I have had no problems with it at all . I 'm really happy with this purchase .
 This is a great product for the money . Took all of about 1/2 hour to read the instructions and completely set up BUT if your rear spoke is the wrong size , you 'll have to replace it with the one provided in order to use the trainer -LRB- I did n't have to thankfully -RRB- . Levels of resistance are significant , although not as strong as I believed to be promised.I enjoy this -LRB- with my regular bike -RRB- significantly more than using my older exercise bike ... plus , I think it 'll help make riding easier when Spring comes back . Worth a purchase if you 're looking for an inexpensive trainer.Even called customer service for help and they were very responsive .
 The CycleOps is a great combination of value and effectiveness for indoor and pre-race workouts . I could n't be more pleased . Also , Cycleops ' customer service is outstanding . The original fly wheel had a bit of a problem and they sent another out pronto with a return label for the one I had . So I did n't miss a workout . Assembly is fairly simple . The one thing that could be better worded is the instruction and picture to install the cable for the remote shifter but you figure it out . The unit is solid and smooth and provides easy adjustment for fitting your bike . The quick release is outstanding so that it takes only a moment to put your bike into the trainer and literally a second or two to take it back out . Very , very happy with the purchase .
 Overall very pleased with purchase . Arrived quickly , easy to assemble . For the value , it 's definately a great quality item . Solid construction and you do n't need to be concerned about it sweaking or feeling unstable . It 's every bit as sturdy as the high quality fitness machines you would find at a gym . And it 's compact and does n't take up any room.My only problem -LRB- but I think this could be even more of a problem with other units -RRB- , is that the feel is just not like pavement . The resistance feels differently than pavement because gravity is impossible to recreate . But I imagine that is the problem with all of these triners . Even the most expensive ones probably ca n't simulate the real thing . So this one is great quality , and gets the job done .
 I 'll update this as soon as I have more experience with the product , but so far , pretty awesome . Easy to assemble -LRB- though it got tricky trying to attach the L-bend threaded rod -LRB- tire tensioner ? -RRB- - protip on that , attach it to the resistance bit first , THEN attach that to the stand.My wife thinks it 's loud , I think it 's quiet , but either way it 's living in the garage because I can already feel the workout coming and it 's not going to be a good thing in a 70 * living room!I took a quick ` ride ' on it before heading to bed , and slept like a baby because of it.Thanks , CycleOps , for giving me the ability to get my ride in when it 's nasty out . Very happy with this product so far .
 great bag , exactly what i was looking for . i have searched everywhere . this product was for my daughter for her school bag , it fit her trapper and others without being too big . too many bags are either too big or too small for kids her age , 10 . she loves it and i have recommended it to other mothers at her school . also the biggest thing and the best , was the great price . thanks
 The order came way faster than I thought it was going to be . The wood is pretty strong and sturdy , but remember THEY ARE NOT FOR FULL CONTACT ! They are simply for training your forms , stances , attacks , etc. . If you want to spar get yourself a foam padded bokken . All in all they were good quality , arrived faster than estimated date . It 's a good buy for me .
 I 'll admit immediately , I did not buy these to practice bokken with . I purchased these to film a movie with some friends , just for fun . I spray painted the `` blade '' silver and the handle red , then wrapped some strong ribbon around it . They work absolutely perfect for our needs . Other than that , they are both quite light , but can certainly take a beating . We have hit other swords , the ground , trees , and occasionally each other with them and they certainly hold up . Very good product plus you get TWO of them !
 Comes with a nice grip , excellent for just screwing around . However they have begun to split and one did fully crack . Nothing a little duct tape could n't fix :-RRB- I have owned these a little less than a year .
 These are great practice swords for single-person techniques or stage combat , but do n't expect to duel with these things . They are relatively fragile -LRB- we shattered , yes shattered , one of these with two 5th graders in a drama class -RRB- The wraps can also loosen or fall off if they are picked at -LRB- another problem with youth using them -RRB- The look is great , the handling is great , but they are not childproof !
 I ordered this item and not only was it here on time , I was very impressed with how close the product detail for it was , if your looking for a set these I highly recommend this one ! They where in mint shape and have a very even weight to them .
 Great quality for a great price ! The swords came well packaged and are still in good condition . They are heavy wood and not for small children .
 They came well before the last day for it to be shipped . Had to slip the hand guards on , but that 's not uncommon . Only thing is that I wish the black color was n't just on the places you could see . There 's spots on both grips , underneath the cross hatched `` ribbon '' , where the stain did not get .
 These swords look very nice . My husband thinks the hand guards look a little cheap , but my son is only using these for practice , not actual contact , so he wo n't be using the guards . Great swords for the price . Thank you : -RRB-
 the bokken themselves are nice the tsuba that come with them are plastic and do n't fit well , if you do decide to use them it 's nothing a little glue wo n't take care of .
 They were bought for our 2 , 9 year old twin grandsons , we bought the other sword which was different for their friend and they liked it better , . .
 Arrived on time and was a great value . Low cost and very good quality . I would purchase this product again .
 This item arrived in the exact order I expected it to . They have n't been used yet , although they look fine .
 Love these practice swords I have purchased some before and my son just plain wore them out . These are for Christmas and I already know he will love them ...
 This is the best mat that I have owned . It offers better support than my last couple of mats and , hopefully , with its greater density will also offer greater durability . Yes , I can recommend this mat to everyone who likes to do home exercises , such as stretching , sit ups , and push ups . For the price , it is the best mat that I know of .
 This is the best exercise mat , especially if you have problems with hip or knee pain while exercising . I brought this to the exercise class I attend and everyone wanted to know where I got it . I checked around before I bought this and this is also the best price by far . I highly recommend it .
 I almost did n't buy this mat because the picture does n't show that it comes with handles and I needed that feature . But , because it seemed like the thickest and the sturdiest , I bought it anyway . I was very pleased when I opened it up and it also had carrying handles like the other ones I was thinking of purchasing . I have a bad back and this gives me enough support to do any exercise . Great product !
 the mat is great ! the material does n't feel cheap and it 's easy to clean . The padding feels good .
 My knees are sensitive on hardwood floors and I do n't want to put down several layers of yoga mats , so I am using this mat for great cushioning . It is long enough for relaxation poses also . The surface is durable and wipes clean . The mat folds up easily for transportation or storage . Just love it .
 Much heavier duty than others I have seen . Nearly perfect - my only wish would be for one 30 '' wide . Holds up extremely well .
 This is such a great exercise mat!It 's quality made , just the right size , and just the right thickness!Some might say it 's too thick , but I think it 's fine.It has handles on it -LRB- it did n't say so in the desciption and does n't show in the pics -RRB- , which is important to me.This is not some cheaply constructed flimsy mat like a lot of others out there!It 's a tad heavy , but that 's to be expected from a big quality mat like this.Cleans easily , and folds up easily when you 're done!I would highly recommend this over any other !
 Producty has exceeded my expectations . The price was great and the delivery was free and quick !
 I bought many of these mats . The foam is actually made of scraps of sponge and rubber bits glued together . This can be good if you encourage recycling of foam scraps ; however , a solid foam would have been my preference.The foam does n't flatten down very much , so you have good support . The vinyl is n't very slippery ; it 's durable and zippered around all three sections.If you do n't have the space or money for clunky exercise machines , the portable mats are a great bargain . You can use the mat for stretching and jogging . If you stack the mats , you can use them for stair-step exercise and for cushions .
 Product is as described by the other reviewers . Comfortable in the extreme and a joy to work out on . As others have pointed out , would have loved it if a bit wider , but it seems like a hard option to come by .
 I bought this mat because I was impressed by the reviews.I could n't agree more , it 's a sturdy , well made mat . The handles are great , its very comfortable , and I wish it were the teeniest bit widerfor the most comfortable arm position for push ups , but I would n't even retract any stars because of it.Buy this mat ... SO worth the money . You 'll be happy you did .
 Very good quality mat at a very good price . Strong , durable and provides adequate cushion during work outs . Reminds me of more expensive mats found in health clubs . I just wish it was a little bit longer -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 4 '' -RRB- but the rest of my family who are under 6 ' find the mat provides complete coverage . Highly recommend .
 This mat has proved to be sturdy and soft and a great addition to a morning routine ! We moved to a new place with all hardwood floors so this was mandatory and a hundred times better than carpet or any other thing I 'd rigged up . Great item !
 This mat is just what I was looking for . It 's firm enough for the workout , but thick enough to cushion my tailbone from the hard floor . The handles are great too .
 Well made and reliable instrument . I used it to measure the state of battery charge on my boat . I would prefer that it had a red , yellow , green indicator overlaid on the scale to make it easier to know the battery condition .
 Excellent shirt . I have used it for over 6 months and they still look great .
 As always adidas did an excellent job . I get the XL size because i have a supernova shirt and is size L , is a little bit small for me -LRB- i 'm 85kg -RRB- and i thinked that if i have the XL size it should be the perfect size for me . But boy i was wrong . It 's Really big but not that big . Just be carefull with the size .
 This shirt seems to be made of the same , good quality , wicking fabric that my previous Adidas shirts were made of . Unfortunately , however , I am currently unable to wear this shirt comfortably . Even though Amazon 's description says this is a `` loose fit '' shirt and I ordered and received the same size of shirt that I 've purchased before -LRB- in many brands -RRB- , this shirt is simply too tight on me for comfort . If I had absolutely no bodyfat , I would n't mind this form fitting shirt . With a bit of love handle action going on , however , a cut like this only accentuates the bodyfat.Buyers should be aware of this prior to ordering this shirt . Perhaps I simply received a shirt that was improperly sized and is n't really a medium after all , but if the shirt I received is representative of the normal cut of this shirt then I would say that this shirt is anything but loose fitting .
 T-shirts are very slight , adapt very well to the body , very beautiful , the fabric is wonderful .
 I had never used rollers before getting this product , so I ca n't really compare it to other bicycle rollers on the market . However , I used to use a trainer for indoor cycling , and I do n't think I 'll ever use it again ! The main benefit I have from this is the noise factor . I live in an apartment complex , and my trainer was extremely loud , so I did n't like using it for fear of bothering the neighbors . But the rollers are MUCH quieter . Also , they add a bit of a challenge to the indoor cycling , which makes it more fun overall.When I bought them , I was a bit nervous about learning to use them due to several humorous/scary youtube videos of people attempting to use rollers for the first time . But it was n't nearly as hard as expected to learn . The main thing to remember is that you 're probably going to be wobbly the first few times you use them . So it 's important to be in a doorway or hallway where you can catch yourself before you fall . However , unless you make sudden movements or are riding recklessly , most of the falls happen at a slow enough pace that you 'll be able to catch yourself with your foot before crashing -LRB- although if you 're like me , even the slow falls are hard to stop ! -RRB- Another important thing to remember is that your bike will work much better on it if there is enough air in the tires.I have n't had any problems with these rollers since I got them . They 're a great alternative for biking during these cold winter months in the midwest !
 I am stationed in the desert and riding outdoors , its just over 120 degrees . I bought this to keep up my fitness and I love to ride . These roller will kick your but . It took about two miles -LRB- computer on road bike -RRB- for me to learn how to balance . Also , I went to you tube to see if I could find any instructional videos for this product . These were the most helpful . -LSB- ... -RSB- , and -LSB- ... -RSB- . I am really glad I bought these .
 I originally was looking for something different but when I seen cycleops roller I bought both items just to try but kept the cycleops roller . This is a good workout and training it helps with balance Running straight line and endurance . Anyone that races or rides bicycles this is a must for bad days you ca n't get out
 you most likely are planning on getting this already since you must be a pretty avid cyclist to know about these . The build quality is fantastic . Its got to be the best bang for the buck for roller trainers . I love mines . My only gripe is that there isnt any resistance adjuster but those that come with that are much more expensive . Take your time getting on this thing and it will reward you with a nice full body work out . you 'll notice that you get tired faster than you would be on a stationary trainer .
 Knife is sturdy and sharp . Full steal body with wood decoration . Might require some cleaning upon arrival .4 years later : Awesome knife with a very sturdy construction . I 've been using this for the past 16 months in Dominica for just about everything , from cutting rope , making designs on paper , to cutting open young coconuts for coconut water . This knife has been through hell and back ... and still works just as it did the day I bought it.I also take very good care of it though . I do n't over-sharpen the knife , and I clean it after every use .
 After careful reading of all the reviews for this little DVD , I went ahead and purchased a used copy . As promised by others , the quality is not that great . I think the greatest issue is it has no sub-menu . You can not skip around like any other DVD to the section you want or proceed to the next chapter or anything like that.However , I used that prior knowledge and sat and viewed the DVD ahead of time , just writing down where the time counter was at all the different intervals . It took a couple of hours of prep work for me , but it was well worth it . Since most DVD players have a time counter , now I can just fast-forward to the place I want to go.That being said ... I really like the DVD . I 've been rebounding for quite a while -LRB- my own little routine -RRB- , but wanted something a little more structured , plus a wanted some instruction on other specific uses , like a session on stretching , which this DVD has and is quite thorough.I started with the basic workout ... man-oh-man ! I thought It would be easy for me or at least not too challenging . Was I wrong ! The `` basic bounce '' instruction uses an entirely different set of leg muscles than I was accustomed to using . After only a few seconds , I knew I was in for it . I barely lasted the short 15 minutes for that basic workout . That was three days ago . My legs are still screaming.Overall - I am `` bound '' to master this . The instruction on the DVD itself is pretty good I think . JB Berns goes right along with you and does it all with you , along with his little team . Yea , they all have hard bodies , I know , but he assumes you are a beginner and explains all the moves prior and then gives encouraging words during the workout . He articulates very clearly , which is good , since I 'm breathing so heavily and do n't want to miss anything.This is exactly what I wanted , I 've got to build , but ... hey , no pain , no gain , right !
 THIS IS WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR ! and me too!I searched all over for an all cardio workout for weightloss -LRB- like the bootcamp I was paying to attend -RRB- I dont need to tone yet and dont want that interwoven in my workout - they do have it on here but it is altogether so I can skip itthis has 3 workouts one is kinda for seniors , then a beginners , and intermediateI have advanced to using the beginners as my warmup then skipping the dvd to intermediate in one workout sessionI still cant do it all -LRB- keep up -RRB- but I like thatbest all cardio high intensity I have found - f.y.i I got a bigger rebounder than they use on the videobut you could use any kind !
 This is a DVD ! and it 's definitely a great workout ! I recommend this to everyone that wants to get a great cardio workout without damaging your joints . I love variety on the rebounder and this offer that .
 The rollers were delivered by amazon in a timely manner . This is my first set of rollers , and I have never used a trainer , so I do n't have other equipment to compare this too . I bought these to use during the winter , because I thought it would be more interesting than using a treadmill , and I would get to use my new road bike year around . I think the reviews are pretty accurate as to the quality of these rollers . Rollers are fairly expensive . Given the price point of the cycleops , I think these are an excellent value for someone who would like a folding set of rollers , or maybe a person who is a casual rider trying to get some spin time in during inclement weather -LRB- which happens to be about 1/2 of the year in the midwest , unfortunately -RRB- . I was worried about them supporting my weight , as I am a larger guy , but they do a great job , and are smooth to ride on once you get the hang of it . If I was a serious rider , I would have probably chosen a more expensive set.For those of you that are wondering if you can ride rollers , videos online make it look easy . When I first started out , it was harder than I thought it would be . I learned fairly quickly by putting the rollers in a door frame . by the third time I used them , I moved them out of the door frame and next to a wall . I 'm still using them against this wall , as it is difficult to get started without some sort of support . It really is great exercise , probably even better strength and aerobic exercise than riding outside since you have to use more upper body strength to balance the non-moving bike , and you have to constantly pedal to keep the wheels spinning . If you have a bike and hate running on treadmills , then this is worth a shot .
 I was looking for an indoor trainer that would be simple to set up and use and the Cycleops is perfect . It needs very little space , takes no time at all to set up and you do n't have to do anything to your bike to use it . It takes a little practice to get going but if you can ride a bike , you can ride rollers ! I have mine set up between my bed and the wall so getting started is easier . The Cycleops is the best indoor fitness item I 've ever purchased .
 After the reading other reviews on trainers and rollers , I decided that the rollers would be more enjoyable to use . The rollers arrived assembled and easy to adjust to my bike . I started in a doorway with regular tennis shoes . The first 5 -10 minutes were scary . I thought there was no way I was going to be able to stay on . Then , I started to worry less about falling off and peddled faster and felt much more comfortable . After about 15 minutes I moved the rollers and bike into a hallway and used my cleats and had a great workout . I figure I would stay in the hallway one more time before I graduate to an open room . Build quality seems good and I expect long term reliability .
 Very well designed.Aluminum is much nicer than the old plastic rollers of years past.Storage and transportation is a snap with the quick fold over .
 Smooth bearings . Nicely turned rollers . Durable framing , though some connective components look like potential weak spots but time will tell . Rolling noise minimal ; watch tv/books on tape with volume 15 % higher . I would suggest to a friend .
 I commute 5 days of the week and try to ride for as much of the year as I can . Being from the northeastern US , snowstorms can get in the way sometimes . I wanted something to keep me in shape and keep my body in sync with my own bicycle in the off season . I did a fair amount of research before finally deciding on rollers as opposed to other forms of indoor bicycle training . From what I can tell , these rollers provide the most effective workout and the most realistic ride . After 20-30 minutes on the rollers , I am sweatier than any other workout I can think of -LRB- except Bikram Yoga , obviously -RRB- . I always set these up in a hallway to ride . It would be extremely difficult to get onto your bike and start riding without a wall or railing to hold yourself steady against . I think the best way to figure out how to use the rollers properly is to watch a few videos on youtube of other riders and then just hop on and give it a shot.My biggest complaint is the noise , but I realize that any bike trainer will be noisy from all the vibrations . I get a sort of squeaky rubber on metal sound from the tires whenever I ride , even if I clean the rollers off after each use . I wonder if anybody has had a similar experience and whether or not the PVC rollers have this issue.Just a weird side note -- I work at a custom metal fabrication shop and out of general engineering curiosity , I put together a quote on how much it might cost us to fabricate a pair of rollers out of similar materials with the same form and function . The wholesale materials alone -LRB- bearings , tubing , aluminum rollers , etc -RRB- cost more than these rollers do . This does n't do much for me except help me feel ever-so-slightly better about the high price tag.Anyway , great product . From what I 've read , the warranty/customer service is stellar . I would highly recommend these to anybody who is serious about riding . A +
 Made in the USA , sturdy , quite , folds up for storage , life time warranty , and is $ 100 dollars cheaper than its competitor . What are you waiting for `` get on your bikes and ride '' . The balancing learning curve is about two or three sessions , then you should have no problems riding non stop -LRB- without putting your foot down or holding the wall -RRB- .
 My son and I just received the bokken set and are quite pleased with them . They are well made and very well balanced . Better then most that I have had over the years . So far they are holding up nicely to impacts , though we really are n't trying to hit them very hard as we purchased them for Kata practice . The black finish is excellent which does make it heavier than the natural one . The guard fits tightly on both and needed no glue to hold it in place . Our order was shipped the day after we ordered it and it arrived a day earlier than stated . They were well wrapped to protect them and the box arrived with no damage . I will be purchasing more from them in the future as long as their quality maintains at this level .
 Before you read any further , let me make this clear
 Made very well , the light oak is thicker and heavier than the black one but not by much.Handle guards come seperated from sword , I 've superglued them on to keep them from slipping and wobbling around during practice.Handles are also rope laced , a wee bit loose but it still works.I 've used the bubble wrap they came in as removable padding over the blades until I get comfortable and practiced enough to practice bare blade .
 This was a gift for my stepson who didnt really care for them but they arrived promptly and now are beside our bed in case of a burglary .
 Although I was expecting one black and one brown sword , I got 2 black ones . It does n't matter in the long run . I was just expecting one of each . Everything else about them is as expected .
 I got the set for some cardio , and aerobics excercise . They are light , and properly sized . The blades are thick enough not to cause alot of damage , but bruises are common . Expected that . Been using them awhile , and no cracks or breaks , but I 'm not trying to bludgeon my opponent either . There are some dents in the wood though . There is a large white `` China '' sticker at the bottom of the blade though , kinda obvious , but at $ 10 each , I can get over it .
 these are very good swords and fun to play with my brother and i got one each and we fight a lot . the paint from the black one is rubbing off onto the brown one . but other then that great swords . a lot of fun .
 One ca n't be happier after the purchase . I understand that every purchase contains two components . 1 -RRB- the product 2 -RRB- the service predlivery and post purchase.I am using the word delight here . Truly I have been delighted with the level of service given.The natural color bokken , I found had a crack I wrote them through Amazon at deep into the evening . Within 15 minutes or thereabouts I received a call from the seller . As I explained to the product defect , the seller immediately agreed to send a replacement . I received the replacement yesterday . The product quality is superb ! Cudos to the seller for restoring customer confidence in such an amazing and prompt way!The product
 As soon as I opened the package and took both swords out I was disappointed by the all natural wood one . The top couple inches contained a couple of knots and the handle has one large knot in it . The tip of the wooden one was actually bent leaning to one side . I say was because after minor contact the tip of the bokken -LRB- the part that had knots in it -RRB- snapped right off along the grain . This was first contact this sword ever made and it was right out of the box . After that snapped off I did a couple of contact tests with it against a tree I have in my backyard . The rest of it seems to be holding up well to repeated and much stronger hits . I will probably sand the top part down and clean it up to make a shorter practice bokken.The black bokken is much better and is actually straight along the whole length . The black one is actually nice enough that if someone is just looking for an accessory for a costume this would be great for that as well.I 've opted not to use the included guards so I can not comment on those.Overall I 'm disappointed with the wood one but the black one is excellent for practice .
 Good for the price.On my set the black is slightly heavier than the natural , very straight with a good blade curve . The weight is very good on both but I notice that they are both lighter than my katana . I use them to practice form and have not really used them for contact , I notice that the natural has a scar in the wood -LRB- where the tree had been damaged some time before it was cut down -RRB- and I know that if I hit the tip with some force it 'll break off at least 5 inches.I do n't recommend them for intense contact practice.But for practicing form or just for decoration they are perfect .
 I LOVE this mat . I searched everywhere for one of this style after using a friend 's . I hate having to roll up a mat and mess with velcro straps - which often stick better to my outfit than to anything else . There 's no velcro on this mat , and it 's so easy to store , since it 's flat . Slip it behind a piece of furniture or in a closet . This mat 's thin , but extremely supportive . It 's just as comfy as thicker mats I 've used . And if you need more support , like when you 're on your knees , it 's easy to double over . Easy to wipe off , too.My ONLY complaint is that is does n't come in more colors . The orange is cheerful , but shows dirt easily and marks from shoes .
 I enjoy using this mat for daily crunches and other on-the-floor exercises , not only because it works for it 's intended function , but it is light and easy to store , plus the edges always lie flat as opposed to staying curled like those other rolled-up mats . The only reason I took away one star is the very strong solvent-y smell this mat gave off when it arrived . I set it outdoors on my porch in a airy , but sheltered spot and forgot about it for a few weeks . When i finally remembered to bring it back inside , it no longer gave off any odor whatsoever and has n't since . PS It does measure 1/4 inch thick as described . . I have posted a photo of the thickness .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 This climbing block provides good extra stability and a couple of levels of incline . Great product .
 I do n't see how anyone could use a bike trainer without this block , the bike would simply be off-level without it . I do n't understand how people can stack these either since one raises the bike off the floor by A LOT ! I 'm using this with e CycleOps Mag trainer and loving it !
 Excellent quality . Very stable . I ride indoors twice a week for a hour . This device is perfect for keeping my bike steady .
 It lifts the front tire up keeping the pressure off my arms and wrist.Glad it stacks that makes it so much more valuable to me .
 Not much to stay . Stackable climbing block , works very well when used with my indoor fluid bike trainer . Great purchase
 If you get a Indoor Bicycle Exercise Stand make sure you have one of these . . Levels the bike and keeps your front wheel stable . Also easier to get on and off the bike . I am 62 and its Winter riding in the house . .
 This is a great product , I bought it along with a CycleOps Wind trainer , and the one time I used my trainer without this block , I noticed a massive difference . So much more pressure is put on your hands and arms when your front tire is lower than your back . This is fine in real world biking , because that means greater ability to steer while going downhill , but in stationary biking , all it does is make your hands uncomfortable.The only con I can think of is I really do n't see why it costs as much as it does , but it does feels really sturdy -LRB- I weigh 330lbs , no problems with my massive frame -RRB- If you are buying a trainer , you need something like this .
 This is a great climbing block with three different heights . It 's pretty durable and holds the front wheel just fine . I just wish it was a little less expensive . I literally went to a bicycle shop a couple days after I bought it and saw one for 5 dollars cheaper .
 Received purchased items quicker than expected . Items were exactly what I thought they would be .
 I went looking for more info on this product as i was curious about the `` 4 separate height adjustments '' on the ribbon brochure and i could only see 3 possible positions . It turns out that 2 of the separate height adjustments are using a 2nd climbing block in combination with the first
 I purchased the CycleOps 2 Fluid Trainer and bought the climbing block to go with it . First comment , I ca n't see using this trainer without the block because your back tire is raised quite a bit when connected to the trainer . Other trainers might be lower to the ground and maybe this block is n't as necessary . Second comment , I do n't feel it 's much of a `` climbing '' block as it is a `` leveling '' block . Each slot does have variations in the grade , but they 're not extreme ... you wo n't feel like you 're climbing Alp D'Huez . The minor flaw is that there 's no identification on the block in terms of what slot you 're using . There are theoretically 6 different ways you can position your bike in this , and if you 're like me and you constantly break it all down and put it away , you never know which slot you had your wheel in before without putting the bike in , eyeballing the level of the bike , and possibly getting on the bike to see if it feels right . Kind of a stupid oversight in product design if you ask me .
 If you buy a Cycle-Ops it is worth the few extra bucks to pick up this block . What it does is allows you to simulate varied terrain . If you want to practice hills you can on the block . Besides the simulated terrains , which really works , it allows your bike to be perfectly still and will not sway when you are working out . I have one that I use every time I break out my trainer and ca n't see using the Cycle-Ops without it . It is definitely worth the few extra dollars to provide you with a better workout .
 It does n't matter how high your front wheel is , it will not simulate an actual hill climb because you are not working against gravity . It can only simulate your * position * on the bike when climbing a hill . If you want to simulate the important part of a climb , i.e. having to work harder to gain elevation , crank up the resistance on your trainer .
 This stand is perfect . It gives you a few different settings and provides stability . This is a must with any of the trainers , because it makes your bike level ; otherwise you would be exercising at a serious decline .
 This is simply a stabilizer block for the front wheel when using the bike as a trainer . It keeps the front wheel from twisting around , elevates it to make it level with the rear wheel and provides a stable stand for it . There are several different wheel grooves , for different elevations . The curved wheel grooves match the contour of the wheel and help keep the bike from putting forward/backward pressure on the trainer , possibly making it creep during the workout . Not much else to it . I am very glad that I included it in my order for the CycleOps trainer since I did n't want to nail a bunch of boards together to duplicate this .
 This CycleOps Stackable Climbing Block essentially does what it is supposed to do . It raises your tire to simulate climbing a hill . First things first . If you purchase just one of these to use with a trainer , the best it will do is raise your front tire even with the back . Indoor bike trainers raise your tire , and this thing merely raises the front to be level with the back . You would have to stack them -LRB- they are stackable -RRB- to achieve any height . This being said , I do n't see how stacking these things would provide a harder workout . With my wheel on the ground , I do not feel as if it is easier than in the block . You 're not fighting gravity like if you were walking/riding up a hill -LRB- or on a treadmill -RRB- , so I do n't see how this `` climbing block '' would simulate that . It simulates the position of uphill riding , though , and maybe that 's all some people are looking for . In addition , the levels -LRB- there are six , supposedly -RRB- are not marked . Therefore , unless you mark it yourself , you have no way of knowing what slot you had it in . Small quibble , but a quibble nonetheless . Lastly , it WILL slide if you want it to , but it is VERY stable . It does the job I wanted it to do perfectly , which is to level my front wheel with my rear on an indoor trainer . It does n't scuff up my hardwood floor , and that is a definite plus.Overall , I am pleased with the construction and usefulness of this product , for what I use it . It is sturdy , well-built , and does not mar the floor . On the other hand , it is not well-marked , and it does n't seem to simulate a `` climbing experience . '' I did n't figure it would , though , so I am pleased with my purchase .
 the climbing block is the one accessory I would recommend to anyone buying an indoor trainer . It stabilizes your front wheel for those really intense workouts and the height of one is just enough to add a little something to your workout . My only dislike is that I wish the three grooves were differing heights , but then this is also a stackable item so I should stop being cheap and buy another one if I want more height .
 Lightweight but high quality , stable unit . I bought this go go with my CycleOps wind trainer . Glad I did because otherwise I 'd be riding downhill the whole way . Yes , this is a `` leveler '' and you would need to stack another to go `` uphill . '' Keep in mind that if you raise the entire bike up , it may be harder to get onto the bike if the top beam of your frame is already high for you . Ca n't imagine what could be better . Recommended.Update
 This is a pretty benign product , however it is a necessary complement to the cycle ops pro . Difficult to imagine how trainer would work without climbing block .
 Not much to say . It is a block that holds your front tire while on an indoor trainer . I like that it has 3 different depths to place your front tire on but other than that it is a piece of plastic that holds your tire and keeps your bike at a constant angle . I am happy I bought it and would do it again .
 Bought this in conjunction with the CycleOps trainer and it certainly helps !! You can adjust the height to three differing heights to affect your ride . It 's simple , but it works well .
 This is a nice , large solid hard-plastic climbing block - works great . I did n't play much with the different positions , just eye-balled one that looked like it would fit the front wheel on my Trek road bike and went with that . The front of the bike feels secure during rides and when the bike is just standing there . Great product , good price , trustworthy seller .
 Great block for my indoor trainer . It helped with not feeling like I 'm about to fall face first over my handle bars . It makes the ride more comfortable on an indoor trainer . I highly recommend it .
 It is good , only you have to mark or remember the right position of the three available options . I think it 's necessary for the trainer .
 I use this climbing block in combination with my tech trainer for my indoor winter biking workout . I like this block for positioning and stablility during my workout .
 I should have purchased this when I bought my stationary bike trainer to stabilize the front wheel and bring the bike to a level plain when riding . It does the job . I purchased two but one is all you need . I am not sure if the second one really simulates hill climbing .
 I purchased this with the Kinetic bike trainer and i could not imagine riding without this . Not only does this hold your bike on par with the trainer , it also supports more of the front tire than the rest of the products sold out there . Keep in mind that the pressure that you are going to be placing on the front tire the entire off-season . You want as much surface area as possible so as to not put too much strain on the front rim and tire . This works out perfectly !
 This has a nice wide base and does n't tilt or wobble when I am using it . I would buy another one if I ever needed to replace it .
 I bought this to go along with the cycleops trainer because many who reviewed the trainer recommended buying this item , also . It does keep the bike nice and steady and at a good angle for my bike . One thing though , it made my bike harder to get on as it sits up higher .
 ... Otherwise you 'll be riding downhill . It 's a functional chunk of plastic . A bit over-priced , but worth the money .
 Great idea to be able to make these stackable . Love the different options for how high you want them .
 I 'd been putting my front wheel on books or towels or a box for a while , and never could get the right height . This block has been very useful and it keeps the front wheel in line . Works as advertised and I 'm glad I bought it .
 This is the 2nd climbing block I 've bought as I wanted a bit more elevation for the front wheel . They are durable , do n't slip and stack well . Good product .
 You MUST purchase this if you plan on getting a bike trainer . It is great and really makes the bike stable . I was surprised by the size of it - it looks like it would be small but is in fact fairly large . Great product !
 I bought this item in Feb '08 and use it with my bicycle trainer -LRB- Minoura -RRB- in my garage . It provides strong stability for my front wheel when I am riding , and is easy -LRB-
 CycleOps Stackable Climbing Block for Indoor Bicycle TrainersCommit
 first time purchasing one of these do n't have anything else to compare it to , but it does its job it keep my bike straight , stable and sturdy .
 No problems , exactly as advertised . This device replaced a couple of old books performing the same function , but it does so much better . It is inexpensive and avoids the hassle of having to replace books whose covers are damaged by the front wheel moving when I stand to pedal . I was surprised how convenient it is .
 I bought this about two weeks ago and have used it several times since then . I am not a professional biker , I 'm a middle aged woman trying to get some exercise that does n't irritate my aching ankles . So far this has worked great . I am using it on a low pile carpeted surface , no problem . The only issue I have at all with the whole set-up is getting on since it sits up a bit high but that is no ones fault . This is well made out of strong plastic .
 I recently purchased an Elite indoor trainer and found that I needed a front wheel block for stability . I purchased the Cycleops stackable block and found it is a very good trainer block , it has 3 different heights and is very sturdy and stable . Well made product .
 Been doing a lot of trainer work the past few weeks and this block works great . You could stick a piece of wood , some thick hard back books , etc. under the front tire and get the same result , but I 'm not that guy . For $ 23 , it 's worth the piece of mind to me that the front of the bike is n't going anywhere . Wipes clean easily w / a rag after your sweat pools in the bottom of it . Ride hard !
 Before I ordered this product I read some reviews so I was `` prepared '' for receiving a `` leveling block '' instead of a `` climbing block '' -LRB- for the climbing effect you 'll need 2 blocks combined -RRB- . I previously got the cycleops trainer and it is mandatory to have a leveling block -LRB- they MUST be sold together ! ... you really need it -LSB- you could use your still-wrapped phone book in the meantime ;--RRB- -RSB- -RRB- . The leveling block is great . Very good quality material , but no indication whatsoever about the `` differences '' between the 3,4,6 or whatever possible combinations it has -LRB- that 's why it is a 4-start rate for me -RRB- ... . And do n't get surprised by the size of the block ... it is HUGE !!! -LRB- but it must be that way , I suposed -RRB- .
 The seller 's description of the item was accurate and sent very quick . Thanks .
 This was a really wonderful purchase for me . It 's attractive , functional and I was in every way pleased with this product .
 The block will level out the front wheel of your bike while on your trainer or will give you the feel of an uphill climb . Great buy as a trainer accessory .
 Great product . I little `` chunck-ier '' than I was imagining , but it works great . Much better than using a phonebook !
 This is a very much needed piece to complete the training setup . It keeps the bike level and stabilizes the front wheel . I feel this should almost be included with the purchase of the trainer .
 The block was a little lighter than I had expected , but works fine . It holds the front wheel securely . It is also large enough that it is stable , even when I 'm doing hard , standing intervals .
 I was amazed by the size of this block . From the picture I would have though it was about 6 to 8 inches wide . Its not its about 12 inches wide and about 4 inches tall . I know that some people have had a hard time distinguishing which groove they were using to hold the tire steady . This is how I tell the difference between all three . I look at the yellow dot in the center and each groove has a different height from the yellow dot . Its pretty easy to see the difference from one to the other and just remember which one I used before . I am really glad I have this block and would highly recommend it . My front wheel does not move at all even when I stand up to peddle .
 I recently purchased a CycleOps Fuid 2 trainer and bought the climbing block to use with it . It definitely stabilizes the rig and makes for a very good workout platform as you can ride as aggressively as you like and you do n't have to be concerned with stability issues . It does what it claims to do very well . For those who want more incline , but do n't want to buy another block , you can easily set this product on a block -LRB- s -RRB- of wood , books , etc. and you still have the front wheel stabilized in the designed `` cradle '' of the climbing block.I agree with previous posters re
 I bought the CycleOps Stackable Climbing Block for Indoor Bicycle Trainers to go with the Bell Motivator Mag Indoor Bicycle Trainer . I needed the block in order to keep the bike stable and level it when I set up the trainer . The CycleOps is simple to use , requires no tools , and is just the right accessory for the trainer . I do n't need to do a climbing workout , but if I did , it would be necessary to buy a second CycleOps and stack it on the first one , since the CycleOps only permits one height for the bike . -LRB- This is n't clear from the product descriptions . I only learned it when I read the instructions . -RRB-
 I am using this climbing block with my Cyclops trainer and it works well . It helps to keep my bike stable and levels it off a bit . I am only using one , but I am sure if you had multiple it would work well to increase your workout intensity .
 This product was just what I wanted . Unlike most other similar products it does raise the front wheel to a level position and it is stable on the floor .
 This climbing block is pretty straightforward - three levels of incline , depending on how badly you want to punish yourself ! CycleOps makes great products and the grooves in this block fit my road bike tires perfectly . Of course , I 'd prefer to ride outside , but when the weather keeps me indoors I always enjoy a spin on my trainer .
 This block has been a good investment for me since it keeps my bike stable while I 'm on the trainer . The only thing I wish I had known was the size , it was larger than I expected .
 Bought the block to go with the indoor bike trainer . It is a block and holds the bike steady.I do like how there are three different heights , but I have not used it yet .
 CycleOps Stackable Climbing Block is a large stable platform for your front wheel and helps to provide a very safe stationary use of your bike . It is sturdy and gives several options for selecting an incline . We received it faster than promised and are totally satisfied with this purchase .
 This climbing block is excellent stablizer for frontwheel and gives it a balance . It also maintains height of front wheel . I never '' stacked '' more than one because I never ordered more because of expence . I did not use it for climbing , nor I had any difficulty climbing my bike . I suggest buying it with your cycleops unit .
 Works well with many different bike tires . You can buy more and stack them for great challenges while riding on a trainer .
 The CycleOps block works exceptionally well as a lightweight , durable , and sturdy wheel support for spinning . I 've been using this with my road bike for a year now , and it goes great with my TACX Cycleforce Basic trainer . There are multiple options to get your frame just where you want it , and it holds your wheel with no wobble , even when climbing out of the saddle . Spinning indoors is a great way to improve your pedal stroke , increase leg power , or do single-leg work safely . It also helps in working on body position . Get a quiet fan and an interesting training video , and spin away . I have not yet purchased a second block to take advantage of the stacking feature - one seems to accomplish all I need it for . Highly recommended low-tech tool with nothing to break or malfunction .
 if you buy a trainor you definitely need one of these to bring the front of the bike up ! this one is very sturdy and doesnt move much !
 As everyone says the cards it comes with are complete trash , but the chips are nice . It comes with all three buttons instead of just the dealer button . I also bought this set because you can also order replacement chips or different colors . The case is not great , just okay , the chips tend to slide around more then they should but overall it holds them just fine .
 The cards are crappy but so what , good cards are cheap . The colors of the chips are muted compared to the picture posted , but again so what . Found them to have the same heavy weight feel of the real deal . For the money you ca n't go wrong . Bought these and played with a total of 6 players and the set size was perfect .
 Overall it 's a great set for recreational card playing . The quality of the case , chips and cards is decent.We are pleased with the purchase .
 These poker chips are very nice . The case is sturdy and secure . This is a great set of chips . If I have any complaints at all , it is that they are heavy . But that 's as it should be ! Thanks for a really good gift for my husband , who is thrilled with them .
 I am very satisfied with the chips . 500 is a good number and the distribution of the denominations is decent , and I got what was advertised -LRB- actually , my set came with one extra chip -RRB- . While chip design is very basic -LRB- as you can see from the pictures -RRB- they do look nice . No dollar values are printed on the chips themselves so you can set your own values . Some of the chips have minor imperfections , such as the colors straying outside the proper pattern -LRB- or not completely filling it -RRB- or bits of plastic/resin sticking out from the chips from where I assume it was injected into the mold -LRB- which can easily be filed off with a fingernail -RRB- . One of the white chips looked scuffed or dirty on one face . At this price -LRB- less than 9 cents per chip -RRB- I can easily tolerate these very minor problems , as most of them wo n't be noticed unless you 're looking for them . I have n't weighed the chips , but I suppose 11.5 grams sounds about right , and that is enough weight to give the chips a good heft -- any heavier and it would just make the set more inconvenient to lug around . I ca n't really compare the texture or sound of these checks to ones made of clay , as I 've never been to a casino or played with clay chips , but they feel OK and sound almost identical to what I hear on TV when watching the pros play poker.Like the chips , the case is basic but serviceable . I bought from amazon.com and it arrived in perfect condition , from what I can tell . I ca n't really say how durable the thing is , but it seems like it ought to be able to survive normal use for a good while . The latches can theoretically be locked by a pair of keys that come with the set , but I could n't get it to work and do n't really care one way or another about that.The buttons are nothing too remarkable , and they perform their requisite duty of sitting there and providing information . I have n't really examined the included playing cards very closely , but looked and felt like they were of fairly low quality . I like that the set came with cut cards ... it 's a cheap inclusion and they are nothing fancy , but they are also something that a casual player like me would n't have thought to go out and specifically purchase . Six translucent , red six-sided dice complete the set and its theme , which are just basic , board game quality dice -LRB- normal sized , pipped , and not machined or precision-edged or anything -RRB- . Overall , I consider this a decent/value purchase at $ 42.95 shipped . My friends and family -LRB- none of whom are gamblers or card players -RRB- were all pretty impressed by them and we 've had a good time playing with them so far . This is one of the best sets you can buy for home/casual play , it seems . Fancier checks are available at a similar price if you want -LRB- or do n't mind -RRB- the fact that values are printed on them , however .
 I was very satisfied when I got this product 3 days after I ordered it , I even had it on Super Saver Shipping ! The case is very good . The chips feel nice and durable . They smell a little weird , but I do n't mind . The cards are n't the best quality but they are usable . I have n't had any problems with this set . For the price , your getting a great product .
 This was a Christmas gift for my son . He 's used it several times already and is very happy with it .
 I scored major points with my son-in-law this Christmas with the Da Vinci Poker set . He was tickled to death with it ; could n't keep his hands off of it . He and I were both impressed with the quality of the workmanship and the steel carrying case . Plus , I shopped around and Amazon had the best price on this particular set .
 I am very happy with these chips they are solid , heavy hard plastic . I am happy with the case they came in . The case has foam padded top which seems to hold the chips firmly . Case and latch seem solid to me . Cards are crappy but thats not what your buying . Very happy with this set .
 I purchased this set to occasionally play poker with friends on Saturday nights . This set is great and the price on Amazon was fantastic . The only problem I have run into is that under low light conditions , the blue and black chips are hard to distinguish . This would be no big deal except that the Black chips are the Highest denomination of chips there is . So ... A $ 10 bet could accidentally become $ 100 .
 For those looking for some cheap starter poker chips these are hard to beat . They are a good weight and -LRB- unlike some of these other reviews -RRB- my paint was just fine . These dice chips are nice too because it is easy to find more that match both in the same color or new colors if you ever wanted to expand . The rest of the package is meh ... The case looks good and was in good condition when I got it . The inside lining is cheap , but I expected that . I also expected the card decks and cut-cards to be crappy . That is why I ordered a pack of two plastic decks at the same time .
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it ! It came in great condition . The chips and cards are nice . The case is strong and heavy . Many poker nights to come !
 Got this on time . Good value for the money ... about $ 41.62 ... a few suggestions to improve it :1 . The box was dented a bit under the handle ... looks like pressure of the handle dented it . Not a big deal , but the packing could be made better so the handle does not press on the box during shipping .2 . Both card sets are the same color so easily get mixed up . Using two sets of different colored cards would be an easy improvement .3 . The box is a little flimsy and the coins are too heavy for the box . Slight improvement here will help.Overall value good for the price . Cheers !
 This is a really nice set of poker chips . Used them at our first poker night . The case is very heavy , though , and it 's not really portable . Should have ordered a smaller set that we could rotate among locations .
 Pros : - The quality of the chips were great.-Everything was nicely organized.Cons : - The dealer and blind chips have writing that somewhat smudges.-The case does not buckle shut on 1 side . That is annoying ! But it does stay together enough not to fall open .
 That was a great buy . I ' v been wanting a set for a while . Once I seen these for the price , I could n't resist . They give the `` casino feel '' to every game of poker . Recommended for sure !
 The Chips were delivered right on time , and they very good . I like them very much . They are as expected . For the price paid they are very good .
 The case and chips are really very nice . The only thing that was a little cheap was the molded interior recesses for the pieces . It was a very thin plastic/felt combo . Nonetheless , I do n't think you could find a better set for the money . Very satisfied .
 I ordered these for a poker game i had set up in Advance , they arrived on time and i was impressed with the quality for the money , great set for a hobby poker player !
 Great buy for the price . Case is extremely solid . All components present . Chips are nice , solid . Could not have been happier .
 It 's a very good set of chips . I feel like a pro playing with this . I like that it has 5 types of colors which are black , white , blue , red & green eventhough they are like plastics with heavy metal inserts inside and they are not really clay . But im still fine with that as long as they are heavy per piece . And i would suggest to people to get 500 pcs first then just get another set of 500pcs because i would think that 1000pcs would be way too heavy for the flimsy kind of casing and handle . Dealer , Big & small are very useful . The cards are n't good but thats fine you would need to replace cards anyway from time to time . Or what i do i usually buy set of cards in vegas where they sell them 2 for $ 3.00 that was slightly used in the actual games in the casinos . Or buy bicycle cards in the costco . Overall for home use poker nights this is an excellent starting chips and very good price . I have checked prices everywhere even in vegas but davinci has the best deal of them all . I would definitely buy a second set here as well .
 The set looks a feels great ! The case is top notch and the chips have a good weight to them . The card packs are a bit flimsy . But , that can be remedied with a quick trip to the 5 and dime :-RRB- Over all , an excellent value . Now , if only my poker was of a similar quality !
 I gifted this poker chip set to my husband on his bday and later that day we had played it with our friends . The product was deliverd right on time , and in perfect condition as described online . Everybody liked the chipset and wanted to order for themselves too . The aluminium case is new and fits all the chips perfectly . The quality of the cards is satisfactory based on the price I paid . The chips weigh perfect and feels like playing in a casino . Its a perfect gift in resonable price .
 It is what it is , a chip-set . The case is made to look expensive but it in fact very flimsy , I 've had to superglue it already . The chips are nice but the decks it came with are crap -LRB- not that it matters that much , you have to switch out decks pretty often if you 're playing weekly poker -RRB- . You can what you paid for -LRB- for $ 40-some dollars my expectations were n't THAT high -RRB- . I really enjoy the black under cards -LRB- to stop from showing the bottom of the deck -RRB- , those were a great addition that I never even thought of.Beyond that , I 'd say these are good for the value , it 's a great set to have at home if you do n't have to move the case around too much .
 This is a high quality product that we love to use . It arrived on time and as expected . No problems whatsoever .
 Take note of weight , if giving this as a gift that could be shipped directly to the recipient 's address . Lesson learned to opt for delayed direct delivery , when a gift wo n't work well in making the return flight home after the holidays . Glad he liked it though .
 I 've looked at just about every poker chip set out there in regards to getting a cheap workable set that does n't look like crap . If that is what you want these are them . The case is of little value but will hold your chips . The chips are a perfect weight and I found no printing issues . Throw the cards out and get Copaq ones .
 I was reluctant to buy chips on-line since the size and quality seemed to vary so much . But , I needed them fast and ordered through Amazon . Could n't have been more pleased . They are high quality with a great case . Only problem is that the two decks of playing cards had backs with the same color . In large games , both decks are used so that a ` fresh ' deck is always available - not possible with the same color of backs . Good quality cards - just the same color !
 I ordered this set to host Poker nights at the house . I would love to have some high quality , genuine casino poker chips to play with rather than cheap plastic chips that come in a carrousel . These chips - are n't - fancy casino chips . These are decent chips at a decent price and they are - way - nicer than cheap plastic chips . They feel good and have a nice weight to them . They are obviously massed produced in China and the chips have lots of minor imperfections . It 's easy to be critical of the details but really , its nothing to worry about . If I continue to host poker nights , I 'll buy some nice Paulson chips , but until then these will do great.The case that the chips come in is only barely strong enough to hold everything and will probably fail the first time you try to carry it . For around the house it 's fine , just do n't use the handle . If you 'll be transporting the set a lot , I would suggest buying a better quality case . Other items in the case are barely worth mentioning . The playing cards are amazingly awful and will bend/tear the first time you try and shuffle them . Better cards are available cheap on Amazon . The buttons are functional but you would n't miss them if they were n't included.Breaking down the cost , it comes to 9 cents per chip . Casino quality chips online go for between $ 1.00 to $ 1.50 a chip . For the money -LRB- ~ $ 45 -RRB- I think this set is an excellent bargin .
 The poker chips are good quality . There are better chips out there but not for this price . The weight is good and I prefer having ones without denominations on the chips . The plastic has somewhat of a cheap feel and the cards are junk but overall the set is worth what you pay and you probably will last a good amount of time .
 I ordered these chips after looking for a long time , I wanted chips with a great weight and feel and have that clank sound . These feel just as heavy as the 14 gram ones i have and they feel great in your hands and they stack very well . The case as youve read bunch of reviews had a hole in it and one of the red chips was chipped -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . but i told amazon and without any questions sent me a new one ill be recieving tomorrow . Overall the chips had little flaws on about half of them but im just picky about little things . theyre exactly what i wanted in terms of weight and feel . if you want real poker chips these are the ones and you cant beat the price and shipping .
 For a $ 40 poker set with free shipping , this is very good . Obviously it 's not super high quality , if you want real clay chips with no imperfections and high quality cards and whatnot , by all means pay for them , but I wouldnt expect greatness at this price . I did expect a serviceable set that would have everything I needed for casual poker games at home for 4-6 people and that 's exactly what this is.It came with everything it came , and I like the distribution
 I got this for my father-in-law for Christmas a few years ago , and he was delighted . He is a frequent poker player and was thrilled to have a complete attractive set to host games among his friends . The carrying case appears flimsy -- that is , I do n't think it 's going to fall apart on us , but the materials appear second rate , and the case itself is n't overly attractive . But if you do n't plan on going for a hike while carrying this case full of chips and cards , I think the case will serve you perfectly well while being heaved from a shelf to the dining room table and certainly makes it much easier to get all the poker accoutrements from point A to point B. All in all , I 'm quite pleased with this purchase .
 I host a poker game about 4 times a year , so I am not a serious player , but I did want a nice set . I was a bit worried reading reviews on all sorts of brands and sets because people discussed the conidition they were arriving in . My set arrived in perfect condition . The case is just fine and seems sturdy enough for me to take the set with me if I needed to . I threw the cards away because I only play with Copag plastic poker cards -LRB- worth the money -RRB- . The chips are the right weight and feel for what I expected . I believe this set to be worth the money and the 500 chips is about right for 6-8 players .
 First , let 's get the obvious part out of the way . These are not clay . They 're ABS plastic with a metal insert to help make the chips feel more substantial . However , as someone who has some real chips from actual casinos -LRB- Bellagio and The Golden Nugget -RRB- , I can tell you that you wo n't really be able to tell the difference . In fact I think these chips are slightly heavier -LRB- and larger -RRB- than actual casino chips . They 're about the same thickness as a real casino chip , but they 're just * slightly * larger in diameter . The physical quality of the chips is generally excellent
 I was on the fence about whether to give the set 5 stars for the set itself , which it deserves as long as you understand what you 're buying , or dinging the rating to 3 stars for the fact that it looked like this set used surplus parts and was stored next to a dust-producing factory . In the end I went with 4 stars as a compromise . But do n't let that detract you from getting this set , if you 're in the market for a very good but inexpensive set . And who knows , maybe the condition of my set was a fluke . After all , my case was perfect , which also sounds like a fluke.BACKGROUND : I already had another beginner set that I purchased about a year ago from Brookstone . It only had 400 chips in white , blue , red , and black denominations . The chips had a dice design on them and although they were resin and not clay , they had a very solid weight to them and made enjoyable sounds on the table . But after my last poker tournament , I realized I really needed more than 400 chips to host more than a couple guys . So I needed a new set where the chips would at least look similar to my existing chips , have similar feel and sound , and at least one new color . This set from Da Vinci fit the bill to the tee.PROS : * DELIVERY
 For the money I paid , I 'm very pleased with this product . Specific to what I bought this for , the chips are plastic , not clay , but are of very decent quality , have a nice weight , good tactile feel , nice clacking sound , and I would easily use them for any poker gathering . For the price , I give them five stars.The case is pretty good . It would probably not survive a fall down the stairs , but is certainly good enough to carry the chips around in . Everything fits nice inside , and the assembly of the case itself looks acceptable . While in a court of law someone could prove that there 's aluminium in its construction , it 's not all aluminum . This is certainly no Zero Halliburton briefcase , but it gets the job done . Thinking of this as a free bonus with the chips , I give it four stars.The cards , dice , and buttons are , as expected , poor in quality , but they 're not what I bought this for . The cards are Bee knockoffs , and are comical as they proclaim `` Glub Special '' and `` Extra Selected '' . Give them to your kids . The dice & buttons are already worn , as I 'm sure they came in a bulk box from some Chinese factory . The cut cards are ok I suppose , but there 's not too much to say about plastic cards.Shipped via Amazon , it came double-boxed , and there was no damage to the case itself . The free shipping was very nice , as the chips make for a pretty hefty overall weight.Again , for the price , I 'm very pleased with the chips , and the case is pretty good , and I would recommend this product to anyone .
 The chips are pretty decent . Have a good heavy feel to them with the casino clanking sound.Dissapointed with the cards though . Really ordinary .
 Casino-quality chip set . Heavy-duty case . Set is very heavy -- accounts for the high shipping charge .
 This would be a five star set if not for a couple of things : * The dealer , big and small blind chips are sub-par . The printing is smeared on one , and not centered on all . These chips are lighter yet larger then the actual poker chips . * The cards are pretty so-so . * The chips themselves do not match a previous set I bought from the same company in color . They do however match themselves , so if you are n't trying to match a previously owned set , the color differences would n't matter a bit . * The dice are too small -LRB- or the case is too large for the dice -RRB- so they rattle away inside when the case is closed . No big , as who really needs dice for poker anyway?The case is sturdy , and the interior is B - , the chips have a great weight and feel . Good product !
 I bought two of this item . One was shipped direct to a gift recipient , one was a gift to myself since I have wanted a poker set for years . Reading past reviews I was a little put off about this item but I am more than happy with the set . The set serves it 's purpose and is of good quality for the price . It was well packed , nothing missing or damaged and no surprises . Same story on the set I gifted , he was thrilled with it and even called it a `` perfect gift '' since he is a poker player . The cards included are cheap throw aways as mentioned , but you could use them for a couple few games and I doubt anyone would really care . I bought the sets for the chips , and amazon came through with flying colors . The free shipping was the icing on the cake .
 I would most likely have rated this higher but , unfortunately live somewhere that -LRB- unbeknownst to me -RRB- will not allow the importation of &#34; gambling &#34; items to be brought in and they were confiscated as contraband .
 My son was so happy with this ! It 's a very nice set that will get many hours of use ! I would recommend to anyone .
 this was not for me but a gift that will be enjoyed I 'm sure . He was certainly glad to receive it .
 I had a hard time trying to decide what type of poker set to get based on reviews and obviously I finally decided this one . I have used them twice now , once for a game of four people and the second time for a game of 12 people . The chips are waited nicely and feel good in the hands and the cards have been great to play with . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is the box latches are really cheap . I can not pick it up from the handle or it will spill all over the floor -LRB- was n't fun finding that out -RRB- . The latches do not lock or snap like they are suppose to .
 I bought this set because some of my older family started to really get into poker , and I thought that this would be a fun thing to play with around the holidays . This is my only significant upgrade from plastic Bicycle chips that can be bought at CVS , which is what I used to play with.Some people seem to have been unlucky with the sets they have received . I have found that the quality control on the chips -LRB- specifically the painting -RRB- is a bit off , but hardly anything noticeable . Some of the white chips have noticeable dark scuff on them , but in the overall set these flaws are extremely minimal . It is my opinion that if you are the type of person that has gripes with slight imperfections , you should be splurging on the more expensive chips anyway . This set is inexpensive and gives you a lot for what you pay . In my honest opinion , these are pretty well made . They are weighted nicely , feel like the real deal , and the color variety makes it easy to make up your own denominations.The dealer and blind buttons are pretty basic . They 're actually lighter in weight to the chips themselves , and the lettering is simply printed on , not engraved like they appear to be . Nevertheless , they are easy to read and easy to move around the table if you plan on playing with the blind rules.The cards are not very good . They 're printed pretty cheaply and they 're coated with a glossy surface and without the cross-hatched `` air pocket '' technology or whatever it is . Basically , they are more susceptible to sticking together . Also , the black bottom cards that are included with the set do not come flush with the cards themselves . They 're a little bit bigger , but when I replaced the cards with another pack I had around , it seemed to fit better so I think the cards may simply be a couple mm smaller . I do like the black cards though , they are made of plastic and have a good feel to them.The die in the set are pretty cheap ... might even be improperly weighted . I 'm not using them so I ca n't speak too much about the quality.The case itself is definitely cheap . It looks cool , and might even be enough to carry over to a friends house , etc. . But it only looks like metal with maybe the hinges , corners and a few cross bars actually being made of aluminum or some other soft metal . The rest is a cheap plastic that bends/depresses easily when pushed . Not a huge deal for me , but something to keep in mind . The keys that come with it are pretty worthless . Mostly for show , kind of a corny gimmick . As I said before , it 's a set pretty much aimed at amateur players or families that want to get together once in a while for cards.In sum , you should be buying this for the chips ... mine seemed to all be of a good quality , and even the detail on the pictures of the die on the chip were printed accurately . -LRB- The dots on the dice are not offset in any chips I have noticed -RRB- For the chips , this is a very good buy , the rest of the set is mostly filler and if you 're looking for something super professional then you should assemble your set from individual components . Spend a little more , and you 'll get a little more . But I think it 's a great set for my level of poker playing .
 Maybe I 'm one of the lucky few , but the kit I received is fantastic ! Case is fairly heavy , and feels sturdy . The chips look and feel authentic , with a nice heft to them and I did n't notice any uneven-ness in the cut of them . The case is lovely , no dents or problems with any of the compartments within . I am only a very casual player , but this set will certainly increase my participation in hosting poker parties since my friends and co-workers were very impressed with the set and could not believe the price . I would totally get this as gifts for other enthusiasts !
 Was happy with the purchase . Would n't lock it tho - seems like the keys would bend . For social use it 's fine . Chips are heavier then I thought . Was happy with that .
 the only thing i didnt like is the chips arnt as heavy as i thoguht they would be . other then that its a great set to play with friends and family ! love the set
 I do n't play poker all that often but when I do it 's nice to have this quality beginners set , the case is a little sketchy though , not the most durable case .
 only done it once but it was a good start for a beginning spinner
 I rode the Foundations course and found that I was within my target heart rate for 24 minutes total . Instructor gives encouragement and tips for staying focused on the ride . If you turn off the lights and spin , its almost the same as being in a live class .
 This was quite a work out . Would highly recommend this DVD to anyone wanting a good work out on a spinning bike
 It was an unexpected holiday gift for my husband . He was thrilled to have a new toy for his golf bag ! Works great !
 I was very happy with this purchase . It arrived in excellent condition and fast .
 This felt table top is a great way to learn the games without the pressure of being at the gambling table or to have fun at home with friends .
 The blackjack table topper worked really well on our 60th birthday casino night . It fit the table perfectly , with room for the chips and dealer shoe . No fuzzing , or wrinkles . Put a matching green table skirt along the edge of the table and it looked great !
 Felt with the required printing for blackjack and craps . Seems to be of pretty good quality . Price is good . The size is what 's advertised , but it is n't big enough to cover a dining room table .
 Looks just like a casino table . You just need to find something with edges to bounce the dice off of .
 I added this brush to my cleaning kit to aide in stubborn cleaning and those extended shooting trips to the range . I also use this brush as a secondary cleaning brush in my method of cleaning
 It 's much more gentle compared to phosphor bronze or SS . They say it 's safe but I still prefer a nylon since it works just fine if you do n't postpone the cleaning for too long . Takes care of residue in a couple of swift passes and preps the bbl for further treatment .
 This brush is a tighter fit the the phosphor bronze brush that comes with most kits . I have found this to help get my guns cleaned faster . I have gotten one of these for every caliber I own .
 Finally , a nylon brush for my pro shop 1911 . I feel much more relaxed knowing that nylon is softer than stainless steel and wo n't cause any wear inside my barrel . I know they claim the bronze is soft enough also but this does just a good as job with no risk . Especially good if you shoot a lot and do frequent cleanings . Cabelas has been sold out of these for about a year and I was glad to get one from Amazon .
 I had a hard time picking out a set of chips as there are so many to pick from . After reading about how they were made and what they were made of I decided on this set of real clay 11.5 gram Crown Wheatear from Da Vinci . Boy am I happy with this set . No metal inserts and they sound and feel just like Vegas chips . I took so long picking out the set that I ordered late and did n't expect to get them until after Christmas . To my surprise they came today , I placed the order on the morning of the 21st and got them today -LRB- 22nd -RRB- . Now that is service . I did n't pay for or ask for next day shipping but got it anyway . The case is built strong and has keys to lock if needed . The case has a molded bottom to hold the chips , set of poker dice -LRB- 5 -RRB- and 2 decks of cards . Cards could be a bit better quality but I already have a set of all plastic playing cards to add to this set . There are also 6 buttons with the set , a large Dealer and 5 smaller blind style buttons . Everything you need to have a real nice Hold 'em party . I just might have to buy two more sets for my two sons .
 This item assembles quickly and is sturdy . I was surprised by its weight and sturdiness . It looks like it will last for a good long while.The only thing that I did not realize about this product was that you have to unhook the football side and turn it over for the baseball side , and re-hook it . This is not something that can be done by a child . It is a bit inconvenient .
 Everything on this trainer is sturdy except for the rubber bands that hold the tarp taut . After just an hour of playing , most of them were broken . I tried a few alternatives to fix the problem -LRB- regular rubber bands , cable ties , string -RRB- but nothing worked . I finally bought some elastic string from the sewing section at Walmart , and finally found a solution . Now it works just fine . Great , actually.The only other problem is that it 's easier said than done to switch between baseball and football . It takes a least several minutes and it 's a bit of a bother . My kids wo n't switch it themselves ; they call me out to help . Plus you have to be careful not to lose the hooks . But if you play the sports in season , it should n't matter .
 I started using the 2 Sport Trainer with my son and a couple of his friends ... it 's GREAT ! It helps bring out their competitive juices when making throws from the infield . This year I will be using it for infield , outfield , pitching drills . Also makes a decent little backstop for batting practice . Looking forward for the start of the baseball season !
 bought with drift a sock and works great no problems does it job no complainants . recommend this with drift anchor or sock . saves time like it .
 I purchased this to use with a drift soce for my canoe . Overall it appears to be very durable and works good at keeping the sock towards the surface of the water .
 This is a great tool for fishing in North Dakota . It has performed better than expected .
 This glass is innovative and works extremely well . You can nurse a beer for an hour , and the last sip will be nearly as cold as the first.The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that the glass liner is thin and breaks easily . Replacements do n't seem to be available . I was told by one dealer , who deeply discounts the glass , that replacement liners are not practical to sell because they would cost as much as he sells the whole glass for.If you 're careful with your glassware , get a few of these , and enjoy the best beer glass you 'll ever own !
 I agree with the others , this is the best glass for keeping your cold drinks cold for hours . I too wish they would sell a replacement glass . I 've broken three of them and have only one left . It seems that Thermos has discontinued this product which makes me sad . The 4 Stars are because the glass is so thin and breaks easily .
 I am so happy I found these glasses . They keep my beverages ice cold and the ice in the glass keeps for hours . Well worth the money , just sad you ca n't buy replacement inserts .
 Gave this as a gift to a big Penn State fan . He loved it ! It 's a nice quality t-shirt .
 I think it is a little over-priced for just plastic ... although I could not find anywhere cheaper . Happy with the purchase .
 Great quality product , both the chips as well as the aluminium case . I must admit I bought it because of the shiny case :D It has served as a source of immense fun for many a poker night ! Good for upto 8 players in my opinion .
 I read the reviews for countless poker sets before I came to this one . Though I was looking for a set of 300 chips , this turned out to be the perfect set for my needs . I usually play smaller games with 3-4 people and wanted something of decent quality for a decent price . The chips are excellent quality clay chips -LRB- lovely clinking sound -RRB- and the aluminum case is also great quality and nice looking . I would agree that the cards it comes with are extremely waxy and poor quality , but it 's easy enough to find a decent pair of cards elsewhere.The price is right and what you get is perfect . I gave this as a gift and it was loved by all.I HIGHLY recommend this set .
 I bought this poker set as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend as he enjoys playing poker he just did not have legit chips . Shipping was quick . When I opened the box the packaging was right on . The set arrived in perfect condition the metal case is very nice a little heavy but the size is reasonable so it 's no hassle to take with you . It has a lock in the front and from looking at the chips and holding them , they are of great quality . As soon as he saw this set he loved it to the point where he carries it with him when we go visit family . I would encourage anyone looking for a nice simple poker set to buy this one .
 I got this as a gift for someone . Definitely worth the price ... nice weight to the set and to the chips . Cards are nothing special , but they 're not crappy either . Overall good deal and happy with the product .
 I was very much satisfied with this product.Pros :1 . Good quality chips2 . impressive Dyes3 . awesome metal casecons : The base which carries the chips and cards is a bit damaged at couple of places.Over all , its a good bye .
 bought this for my brother-in-law . he loves it!chips have a nice simple pattern & weight to them.case is heavy ; locks work well .
 It was a gift for my future brother in law , so my sis gave me a heads up of what he was looking for . He was happy to open his gift
 I can tell you how much fun I had with this set already . I you like to have a casino like experience , then this is the one you want to own . The decks are good quality , the chips are heavy and durable , the case has its own key , and is perfect for up to 4 players , if you want to split all chips equally .
 I bought this based on the reviews ; solid case , strong handle , great chips , comes with dice and dealers chips . Recommended !
 I bought this product based on other peoples reviews and loved it . the chips feel great . Keep in mind , I didnt buy this to impress people I just bought it for guys night that i host my place.Its been a great buy
 Received my order very quickly . Good quality chips and cards , plus they come packaged in a sturdy case . No complaints whatsoever !
 I bought this Poker set for my future son-in-law , it is a very nice , well made set.He was very pleased with it . The carry case makes this set special .
 This is a durable and efficiently organized case . The silver suitcase is the size of a small laptop and contains all you need for a full poker game . I highly recommend this product and it 's a very good price .
 Overall I 'm happy with the purchase , and will likely buy another set for our other home . The cards are fine , the case seems sturdy enough both exterior and interior , and the chips have a nice heavy feel . The chips are painted metal , and on a few of them there are already small chips in the paint . Only time will tell whether they hold up or begin to flake off too much .
 This is a very nice set and more than adequate amount of chips for weekend players.It came within a week and the two decks were casino cards . The case was very good quality and this made a perfect gift . Also , the free shipping was such a good deal as the set is very heavy . I would definately recommend this set as either a very nice gift or for yourself . Great deal !
 This was way better than what I was expecting and my son in law was thrilled
 The Chips are great.These are well made composite chips that feel and look great.They have weight to them , so when you make a bet you 're throwing your weight around , literally!The case is very well made and looks and feels great.The chips or the case do not feel cheap at all.Easily enough for 5 people.Why I gave it 4 stars?The dealer and blind chips do the job though they not as well made , writing is fading off the dealer chip.The cards are terrible . I mean just horrible . They came apart after 2 hours of use.Another thing is there are no green chips which is kind of annoying . Four kinds of chips are not enough.I ended up ordering them separatelyDa Vinci 50 Clay Composite Dice Striped 11.5-Gram Poker Chips , not a huge deal.If you 're buying this for the chips , fear not . You will love it.The cards just do n't need to be in there . Also , the 2 cutting cards are useless.Overall not to bad at all .
 this product was overall good the picture however is a little miss leading the picture shows white red blue green blue yellow orange pink but only comes with white blue red green black and yellow . over all this product it very good if you want a good poker set and the price was great ! Over all good
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and he has been playing with this set everyday since ! It came in the mail quickly , and in perfect condition . The only problem I had with the set was that the cards were very basic ... kinda plain looking , so I bought an Ellusionist brand deck of cards for him to have in the set . The chips are n't like those cheap plastic p.o.s. chips you would buy at some super store they have a decent weight to them , and we have been learning some `` chip tricks '' -LRB- off of youtube -RRB- and they do just fine . BOTTOM LINE
 It 's cool for first time to buy some chips to play with your friend.There 200 chips ,50 for Blackeach 100 for green and whiteand 150 for red.so you can play in a little group .
 I got this poker set for my Husband on christmas as one of his presents ! He absolutely loved it and uses it prety much every weekend with his guy freinds . The chips are nice and solid its not plastic , comes with 2 deck of cards . Im happy because he is Happy !! Thanks Amazon !
 I ordered 2 sets of these on Monday and they were at my door step on Thursday . Fast and great service . The only bad thing is that it does n't come with the orange and pink chips so the picture was a little mis-leading . But still it is a great set to have for the price .
 Everything in here functioned just fine . If you 're looking for decent chips then you probably found them . Note
 For 60 bucks , this is a nice chip set.They are clay composite chips with a fairly good feel to them.The case is a little flimsy , and the chip holders in the case are a little too large for the amount of chips you get - so they shift around a little but not much.Like I said - for the 60 $ price tag - I 'm pleased with this set.FYI - because of the weight , you will get hit with a 25 $ shipping charge . They had it to me three days after I ordered it though .
 Watch is perfect for casual and sportyDurable and watch dial is perfect size . I have small wrists.Looks very stylish
 I got this when I was just starting off , it was my first good hackysack and it is amazing . As soon as I got it I could see my skills take off . S. Ritter wrote a review commenting that it was a dissapointment because it was small and not filled very much . Obviously he 's new to this , because that 's the idea ! It needs to be pretty small for all the leg tricks , and it 's supposed to be filled just a small amount to make stalls possible . It 's a great hackysack , and it will last you a lifetime -LRB- so long as you do n't lose it -RRB-
 I 'm very happy with my new hacky sack , and I would recommend this product to others . But be aware that the pictured bag may not be exactly like the one you get . In my case , the patterns , stitching , and emblem were the same , but the colors were not .
 As a hacky sack snob , -LRB- i have paid over $ 25 bucks for some -RRB- I got this bag as a present from a girlfriend and I was pleasantly surprised . For such an ordinary looking bag it stalls very well and kicks very true . If you hack regularly and are someone who takes care of a good hack then this may be for you.A good sandbag should not be subjected to toe pick ups especially on tarmac surfaces , if you knew that already then get this bag . If you want something to withstand more abuse then go back to your bean bag .
 I had bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves it . I just thought that they were really small . He does n't seem to have a problem though .
 My friend got a Dirtbag Footbag and he loves it . He brings it to school every day and he and I play a lot . I just ordered one yesterday . I am sooooo excited for it to come .
 This is a great footbag . But seriously ? you guys had to send me a PURPLE and WHITE footbag ? I 'm all for getting random colors . But I do n't want to be that douche who pulls out a Valentine 's - day-themed footbag while with some friends.Or maybe i 'm just insecure . But seriously , call up ahead of time and request a decent color scheme if you 're thinking about buying from these guys.But great footbag nonetheless .
 I have had a few bags in the past . . and kick one around once in a while with my friends . I have to say that the weight that the sand gives this bag is really great . It 's excellent for stalls and tricks and just kicking it around to kill time .
 its so great and fun i can do all of my tricks . You would love it if your a beginer but whern you get really good i would recomend a nicer one .
 Bought this for my son 's poker night with his friends . Nice quality chips in a cool case . For the price it ca n't be beat .
 The cards are not the best quality -LRB- thin -RRB- , but I bought it or the chips and case , which are both good .
 Bought this as a present for a friend of mine , and he thoroughly enjoyed it . The product arrived on time . The case was a little banged up , not too bad but just a few dings . Otherwise , everything in the description was there . The chips are good quality , the dice are just regular dice . It is what it says it is , perfect for the kind of person that gets stuck at little reunions with nothing to do .
 Not knowing much about `` real '' poker chips -LRB- i.e. not cheap plastic -RRB- , I agonized on what chips to buy . From what I could tell on the Amazon description , these looked great and seemed not to have any real negatives.After receiving this set , I could not be more pleased . I was concerned that these would feel light -LRB- 9 grams v. 11.5 grams as some other sets -RRB- - they do n't . They have a very nice weighty feel to them . They stack great , also.The chips are beautiful . They are a very eye-catching design without being obnoxious . They stand out in a crowd of ordinary looking chips . The inside circle of the chip seems to be a shiny porcelain - certainly not a plastic sticker , and the remainder of the chip is clay.The case is very solid and does not seem `` stressed '' in the least to handle its chip load -LRB- as with descriptions of some other sets -RRB- . Another nice plus is the breakup of denominations , which is 150 white -LRB- $ 1 -RRB- , 100 red -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- , and 50 blue -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . In a set of 300 , you do n't want a lot of high-denomination chips that do n't get much use . You also want a higher number of white than red as white are ante chips and most common in betting amongst friends.A great buy - highly recommended for those who are on the fence between this and any other poker chips . Would be worth it even at a higher price . Your friends should be very impressed with you and your poker chips !
 I bought these for my weekly poker night with my friends and they did not dissapoint . These are solid chips for playing with friends , and the ocassional work tourneys.I would have like a better sound to them , but I guess I was to used to the metal insert ones .
 Very please with the product . Chips felt and sounded quality . The case was capabale of holding the heavy volume of chips and the product was delivered quickly and on time .
 I play poker with my friends at college every week or two and we needed a set because playing with coins was getting ridiculous.-Chips-Got this because it has number marked chips so its easy to keep track of how much you have without frequently asking what each color denomination is on an unmarked set of chips . The chips are light and the numbers/graphic on them are cool and do not distract play.-Dealer Pin-The sturdy dealer pin -LRB- printed on both sides -RRB- helps you keep tack of who was dealing last as all of us get progressively drunk.-Carry Case-Case is all that I can ask for . Fits easily in my backpack -LRB- 17 '' laptop size -RRB- and very easy to carry by hand . Not too light to add this to a slightly loaded bag and not too heavy so that you will keep taking turns with your hands to carry it . It comes with keys if you are worried your roommate will use your set without asking -LRB- ok so , the lock by key can have other uses - this is just my use -RRB- . - Dice-I honestly do n't know what the dice are for . I guess we can get a cardboard box and cups and play dice in the corner of the quad in the middle of the night while yelling profanities.-Cards-Only flaw - crappy card set , terrible to shuffle with . But I did not take a star off for that because I did not get this for the cards . For $ 25 , I really did not expect good cards AND chips . But they are decent if you only use them when you have no choice.Overall - Very happy with this purchase . Will recommend .
 Great set of chips for deployment . Looks and feel like a professional set right out of Vegas . The white chips looked a little sun worn , like they lost their whiteness . But they may have been going for a more ivory look . In that case they are perfect . Dice are pretty cheap looking however that isnt why i got them . A definite good buy for the price .
 Overall I love this set . My friends and I get together every couple of weeks and play friendly games of poker -LRB- with no actual money involved -RRB- and it works perfect for us . The chips make the game feel more authentic , they have a nice weight to them , and the carrying case looks pretty neat in the living room . The set comes with plenty of chips for a 3-5 player game . The only problem we have had is that the chips sometimes stick together due to the excess glue that was used to attached the labels to them . It 's really only a minor inconvenience to us , but if you are looking for a more professional set of chips you might consider looking at some different sets . Would n't want to have someone mean to put out three chips and accidentally put out five . I should also mention that I only paid $ 25 for this set , which seems to be Amazons going rate , and that I would not have paid full price for them .
 Good quality but I did n't like the fact that they had used playing cards even though they were from Vegas Casinos . I would rather it come with new cards .
 Excellent set of poker chips for beginners/casuals players . The chips have the look and feel and sound of casino chips and really add to the fun of the game . The amount of chips as well as the range of colors are just right and the aluminum case keeps it all tidy . I 'm so happy with the product , cost and experience . A speedy , smooth and problem free transaction .
 Now my dummy room mates dont have to keep asking me how much each chip is worth . Quality chips and case .
 Quality is cool , but a little bit too light.I love the cool logo on the chips . good for normal game
 Super product ! Great Xmas present for my son ! I would recommend this flag to any Redskin fan ! Arrived on time .
 This just the garden flag I wanted because it is colorful and reasonable price . I live in Florida and my Redskin garden flags must be replaced every year so this is perfect .
 This flag was given to me as a gift from my wife for fathers day 2010 , it is now June of 2011 and the flag is still flying well in front of our home . It has not faded or tattered in any way . Excellent purchase !
 All in all I like this holster . The fit is perfect for my Springfield TRP half rail , and also for Rock Island 2011 VZ w / Full Length Rail . The retention is adjustable , and drawing the firearm take some practice , but I am very confident it is secure . I really like drop holsters and with this holster the firearm rides lower than a standard duty holster . I would recommend it .
 I use the bag for girls basketballs and I can fit 6 girls basketballs along with speed cones and a few other coaching items in the bag . I 'm definitely satisfied with the bag .
 The chips are great . They are clay chips that we enjoy , we picked a design that exactly matched what we previously had as we were running out of chips on evenings when we had a larger crowd . By adding this set we now have additional colors to increase the values and more chips.The only drawback to this set is the container . Sometimes it feels like it may buckle under the weight of the chips , but so far hasnt . My real issue with the container is that there are 10 rows of 75 chips . Which does not allow for an easy break down by color for each of the rows , its a nit picky detail which detracts from my overall satisfaction with the product .
 When I saw the price of these I thought there was no way they could be high quality . However , I was wrong ! I 'm a size 10.5 shoe and the fit could not be better . These are a low-rise sock and just barely come up to the bottom of my ankle bone -LRB- they are almost totally hidden in sneakers and wick moisture away from my foot remarkably well . The exact fiber composition is 48 % acrylic , 39 % cotton , 11 % polyester and 1 % nylon.A word of caution would be that these socks are pretty slippery on smooth floors .
 The product arrived early and it was exactly what I had ordered for my son . It was slightly smaller size wise than I had expected . That said it 's of good quality . I was surprised to read on the lable `` hand wash only '' ... it 's for rugby!My son loves it .
 I like the knife . Think it 's good value for the money.It has a mystery steel , so no telling what it might be or how consistent it is , or even whether it 'll be the same steel from knife to knife . That said , the blade on mine holds an edge very well . I can hack around with it on wood for quite a while before the edge becomes noticeably less sharp . I 'm pleasantly surprised by this as cheap knives usually do n't have steel worth crap . I think the steel in this knife is actually quite decent , heck good.The downside is that to get that durability the knife is hefty . It 's one heavy puppy . The blade is hefty , and although I ca n't see under the scales I 'm guessing it 's one solid hunk of metal - very heavy . The forward scale is a steel piece and that adds to the weight , although having broken a few scales batoning , I must say that this definitely wo n't break and as a matter of fact is why I bought the knife in the first place.The blade is hollow ground , so it 's not as strong as a half bevel ground knife , but it 's a hefty hollow ground - it 's pretty strong actually . Whether it 'll chip over time , I have no idea . Most knives will , especially when it 's cold , but I have no indications that this knife will be any worse than others.If you 're into knife steels , I think this knife steel is better than Gerber 's 420HC by a long shot , and better than AUS8 by a moderate amount . Just an impression from use , of course , and it 's actually difficult to tell because the knife is thick for what it is in all dimensions.The grip itself is annoying . The handle is thickest in the very back forcing your hand forward . You do get a place for your finger to index but it 's still a funky design . I have had this knife for six months now , and have been meaning to sand the handle flat , leaving a raised area for retention in the rear , but have n't got around to it yet.Another thought that occurred to me is that the knife could be vastly improved by drilling out some of that excess metal in the tang . If one then re-handles without the metal finger hold this could be a pretty beefy , yet only medium weight knife.Well , I like the knife . Good value for the money . Good edge retention . But , heavy with funky handle design . Keep it in the glove box , the garage , or skin the occasional grizzly with it .
 I bought it for an emergency knife to keep in my glovebox for my car , I occasionally use it camping . The blade quality is nothing exciting , but I do think the knife itself looks good . Considering I will probably never use it , I 'll give it 4 stars for looking pretty and shaving kindling when we go car camping
 So yeah was worried about the quality and durability since this knife was so inexpensive but not to worry i have gotten it very very sharp and have used it a lot ! It has n't chipped or bent like most `` made in china '' knifes would . Once you get it in your hand it 's nice and heavy , well balanced and easy to sharpen . I also liked that it came with it 's own case .
 I Bought this knife 6 years ago and I got ta say it is a great knife . I have used it for splitting logs or cutting trees . It holds a good edge if you know how to sharpern it a stone works best with this knife . overall this is a great knife one of the , no THE best knife i 've ever used .
 WE BOUGHT THIS FOR OUR NIECE as one of her 10th BIRTHDAY PRESENTS . SHE HAD JUST BECOME A CHEERLEADER AT THESTART OF THE SCHOOL YEAR AND SHE LOVED IT !!! IT 'S REALLY MADE WELL . SHE HAS IT ON HER DRESSER IN HER BEDROOM !
 I purchased this as an exercise pad and for occasional camping use . As received the pad surface was a bit marred though not in a way that impairs its use . The pad surface is soft and it appears that it will be rather easily damaged . The Wenzel charcoal grey mat appears to be essentially the same product at a similar price -LRB- sometimes lower -RRB- . The grey pad seems less likely to show the cosmetic marring if that is a concern to you . Just buy whichever color is lower priced at the moment unless you prefer the bright blue.These mats are a good value at a price in the range of $ 8 to $ 10 . Curiously the Amazon prices have fluctuated and gradually increased from $ 7 to about $ 20 . Wenzel Closed Cell Camp Pad -LRB- Charcoal Grey -RRB-
 It was exactly what I needed . I used to buy this item at REI . They no longer carry it . I was glad to find it here .
 Took this pad on a boy scout camping trip . It was rainy and just above freezing . The pad helped to keep my son warm and dry . Ca n't comment on durability since we have not had it that long .
 I purchased two of these sleeping bags for Bonnaroo Music Festival 2007 and they worked out great - probably most suitable for cold weather , which the festival was not . For hot weather , I 'd use a more breathable bag that is n't mummy shaped . But it kept me warm on the colder evenings and is very cushy .
 Made of delicate fibers - might consider something more durable if doing some hardcore camping / hiking ; my stuff sack tore , but overall I 'd say that it serves its purpose well ; a great value for the money & quite warm , as well !
 This is a good sleeping bag , it will protect you again cold , maybe not for winter weather . only one issue impossible to pack again in the same way it comes from factory .
 great price , quick delivery - used on numerous Boy Scout camping trips - solid construction , warmth was as advertised -LRB- coldest night was about 20 degrees -RRB- - solid product - recommended
 I used this bag on a Katahdin climb in early June . I thought it may be `` over kill '' to use a 0 degree bag on this trip . I was very happy I brought it when it dipped to near freezing . I was toasty warm while my camp mate was freezing.This fabric is soft to the touch , not sure of the durability in the long run , but it compresses well and is a good cold weather use bag if one does n't want to pay the price of a down bag .
 As soon as I opened and inspected this mummy bag , I was truly impressed with it . The cost was quite reasonable for what you get . The underside is black and there is the pocket for keys and wallet at the foot of the bag . I thought that was an ingenious addition to it . This is going to be great for camping , backpacking or winter ice storms that knock out the power here occasionally . It should certainly keep me warm ! The colors altogether are very nice too .
 This made my week long camping trip great and happy sleeping ! Was completely comfortable in the hotter nights and then again when super cold almost freezing temp . Love this bag : -RRB-
 It 's been a long time since I had worn tennis panties and now I remember why I did n't miss them . Is n't there a way to design panties that are functional , modest , and flattering?These knickers indeed hold balls . The pockets are very accessible and the fabric seems like something that will endure many sets and subsequent washings . I just wish they did n't look like granny panties .
 This map is detailed and very helpful for those who prefer a different color scheme on their maps . The stock image for this map does n't represent the product at all , the real product being much higher quality.Make sure you buy the correct map ! A233 is for the US/British Virgin Islands and Anegada !
 This bag is pretty well made . The seams wo n't loosen and rip very easily and the strap makes things nice and snug when carrying it to the court . I 've used this for different types of balls , indoor balls and sand balls . I 'd rather get a different bag for sand balls considering the way sand balls inflate a little in the heat . This is a great addition to your volleyball gear !
 Ordered a set of 750 and a case from Chips & Games . The FedEx ground shipping was extremely fast . I really like these chips and the case seems to be good quality . There are even rubber feet on it so it does n't scratch tables . It came with 5 red dice which are ok , 2 decks of cards which are cheap , and a Dealer Chip.Note that the case can really hold 800 chips -LRB- 5 extra in each row -RRB- . So if you 're not sure if you will like the chips , you could order a roll of 50 first , evaluate , and then buy the set and they will all fit .
 I 'm not sure if it 's a plus or minus for some people , but my set came with two packs of cards that were used at some casino . Makes the set have a little bit more of an authentic feel to it , but it also prompts your friends to ask you why you have some unknown casino 's poker cards . Come up with your own story at your own leisure if you will . Now , as for the set itself , I absolutely love this set . You ca n't beat it for the money . The chips are clay composite , and do n't have the cheap plastic feel to them other chips have . They are weighted perfectly , and make the classic clay sound when you splash the pot -LRB- I know , it 's taboo -RRB- . The case is very well built , and holds the chips perfectly . Good combination of colors to share amongst a decent sized poker game . You ca n't get better chips for the price . Match it up with a felt table-top , and you got yourself a poker night .
 This set is nice . The chips are good weight and clay . You may notice some clay dust when you start to use them . I am pleased with the purchase and have no issues to note .
 Really a nice set , chips real CLAY no cheap plastic ! Trust in this set and you 'll be happy !
 Everything was shipped right . It also arrived when it was suppose to be . I will use them again when I want to order online .
 This rearming kit was exactly as advertised and easily replace the one that was discharged .
 Placed order . Couple days later it showed up in the mail . Was what was ordered , all went well , no suprises and that a good thing .
 Perfect size ! Perfect weight ! Exactly what I needed for my trip to Africa ! Exactly as advertised ! They did the job !!!
 Best value for binoculars in this price range . Rugged , weather-proof , not too heavy , and attractive .
 Living in the upper Mid West , the landscape 's heavily forested and glaciated.It 's time to see what I was missing.Nikon lens/prisms are World renowned , ... and for the dollar , arguably the best.I wanted Roof Prism binoculars , so that made the decision easier.Magnification is a preference factor , I chose 10X magnification after trying a family members 8X -LRB- more on this later -RRB- + Trailblazers became the logical choice because of the larger 50mm objective lens + With a larger 50mm objective lens , you attain many sought after qualities .1
 I have been in the military for several years now and have come to use many binos/optics in my line of work . Leupold and Steiner being the majority of all military enhanced optic makers . Most professional military binos are 8x42mm . However , it is n't always enough , I decided to spend the frugal money on these Nikon 's ATB 's and have been throughly pleased.The Image quality alone shows Nikon 's tried and true dedication to superior lens quality.The Nikon 's large objective lens allows for superbly bright images in dark or shady conditions . Using these binoculars at night , they produce as much light into the eye as the $ 500.00 set of Steiners and Leupold 's . In fact , several of my co-workers also agree , for the money these may be the best optic to choose from.During day time use , or night for that matter . the lens focus a tight picture . From 5m in front of you to infinity the fine adjustment knob will focus in on what you need . The eye relief adjustment knobs are an excellent feature . Many Binoculars do not have this feature -LRB- It physically separates your eye from the diopter lens -RRB- ensuring proper eye relief at all times . This , when using your Binos for extended time will reduce eye and forehead fatigue.Construction : I have used these in several climate zones , hot and arid , hot and wet , extremely cold and temperate cool hunting conditions . . They have been banged up , skuffed up and dropped and they still preform like a champ . They feel rock solid and build like a block of steel when you hold them.Many say lighter is better , but I would submit to you , solid is better and you.These will be going with me onto deployment soon ... Ill be leaving my steiners in the armory .
 I recently purchased these binoculars after comparing against Nikon Monarch binoculars . The Nikon 's well-known model , Monarch binoculars -LRB- 8 x 42mm -RRB- are somewhat smaller , compared to this Trailblazer -LRB- 50mm model -RRB- . Since I use these binoculars for astronomy and star gazing , I need binoculars that have a large aperture as possible . Besides , I wear the eye-glasses . So , I wanted binoculars that have a longer eye-relief , also . This model has 19.6 mm -LRB- 0.78 '' -RRB- eye-relief . After considering all the above , I decided to try this new model out . Tonight , I watched the comet , C/2007 N3 -LRB- Lulin -RRB- with my eye-glasses through these binoculars . After I focused the binoculars to Saturn first , I just pulled slightly down to center the comet . I could verify the comet , Lulin very easily . All the star fields I could see in the sight were pin point , crisp and sharp . The image quality is also excellent and it is very easy to handle for a long time because of its light-weight design , compared to the old-fashioned heavy Porro prizm binoculars.Additionally , the price was very affordable , comparing to somewhat expensive Monarch series . Overall , I am very satisfied with these Trailblazer binoculars . I strongly recommend anyone who wish to do star gazing . At last , 10x power may be a little shaky but if you lean against any wall , trees or car , it should be fine even for star gazing.If you would have needed more larger aparture , Nikon has Monarch series featuring 56mm aperture models , 8.5 x , 10x and 12x but the prices will be 2.5 times more than these Trailblazer series , though . Nikon Trailblazer 10x50 Binoculars - Black
 I 'm happy with these bino 's . They are a bit big but they have better eye relief than my brothers 21/2 the price monarchs 10x42 's and I need that because I wear glasses and the field of view is very good . The single eye right side diopter adjustment is harder than it should be and thats why I 'm not giving it five stars . Nikon said you should only need to adjust this once and leave it alone but I 've been hunting for over 40 years and used many a bino and when you are looking at distances that vary from 50 to 1000 yds . plus , you need to fine tune the focus from time to time . With the diopter ring being as difficult to turn as it is it can be a bit of a pain . I 'm still very happy with them and would recommend them to anyone , especially for the price .
 I am a hunter - so seeing clearly what I am looking at is very important to me . When I was looking at these , I was upgrading from some pretty cheap,russian-made binoculars . I examined a wide range of options from yet more Russian-made binoculars all the way up to some pretty nice Leica optics . These were probably 90 % of what I saw in the Leica for about 10 % of the price.I 've had them out in the field already and I am even more satisfied now that I made the right decision . They might be a little on the large side - but I opted to put up with that to get the 50mm lenses . The only thing I would do differently would be to go ahead and purchase the harness rather than rely solely on the neck strap.I highly recommend these .
 I like the way these binoculars feel in my hand . Even better , I like what I see when I look through the lenses . Have to remember to adjust the eye pieces but after that it 's pretty smooth sailing . Only got them a week or so ago but took them out bird watching recently and it was a delight . Liked that I could use them with sunglasses and without . Images were all sharp and clear . And it was easy to focus and follow birds as they flew across the sky . Last night I brought them to the Hollywood Bowl to see Paul McCartney and I 'm glad I did . In the past I brought smaller binoculars to concerts but those 50mm lenses captured more light and greater detail and they did n't feel too heavy in my hands . Have gazed at the moon and stars a few times as well and marveled at all the things I 'd never been able to see before from my backyard .
 I agonized over 8x42s or 10x50s and decided on the 10x50s and I am not looking back ! I wanted a stronger lense for looking at the shoreline across the bay , ships and boaters . I also wanted these for traveling and birding . I compared the Nikon Monarch 10x42s with the Trailblazer 10x50s at a local store . They had both on display so I tried both . I did not see any significant difference in the light or clarity between the two . I concluded the Monarchs are not worth $ 100 + more . I opted to buy from Amazon the Trailblazers 10x50s and the Pentax 62217 UCF II 8-16x21 Zoom Binoculars -LSB- $ 76 -RSB- for my wife . -LSB- Get these ! -RSB- These are an excellent pair and compliment my Nikon Trailblazers both for the price of the Monarchs ! I love the feel of the Trailblazers in my hands . The Pentax ones for my wife are 8s and my Nikons are 10s . I tried both and my shake or movement is no greater with the 10s . The smaller Pentaxs are lighter and more compact than the Nikons and I can hold my Trailblazers more steady . I like more to hang on to . It all depends on your needs . I believe you should have different pairs to fit the ocassion . I sit alot while using my 10x50s . If I was going to be into birding and hiking more than I am I would opt for the 8x42 Trailblazers . They are smaller and lighter . Many of the prior reviews have covered the positives and negatives . I will highlight a few . I like the twist up eye cups , multi-coated lenses , waterproof , fogproof , great warranty , nice strap and great feel . I do not care for the lens covers and I hope Nikon addresses this . The eye covers are fine . I feel the Trailblazers are under rated and the Monarchs are over rated . The Trailblazers will last a life time just like the Monarchs . .
 I bought these as replacements for my Olympus ones that are compact and very small . Wow , these are awesome . I use them for backyard birdwatching , and they are so much brighter , it 's like the birds are standing in a light . I wear glasses and can use them with my glasses on , which is one of the reasons I picked this model . Really impressed and glad I made this purchase . Very happy .
 Wonderful clear view and light for the size . Only wish the lens caps were attachable to each other as well as the binoculars as they will eventually get lost . Also wish the loops for the neck strap were larger as they do not fit the chest harness I use and make hiking with binoculars and cameras Much easier !
 Took awhile to get used to the eye piece adjusters but these binoculars are really bright and clear .
 I wanted these binoculars for birding , and they suit my needs in almost every way . They 're crystal clear , and the field of view is adequate to my purposes . Just two minor complaints .1 . I wear eyeglass , so the eye relief factor was an important consideration . The twist out eye cups adjust perfectly for my corrected vision , but they wo n't stay where I want them . There are very minor `` stops '' along the way as you twist the eye cups , but the stops need to be firmer so they ca n't easily continue to turn during use .2 . The focusing knob seems to be in an awkward position . I 've been using the binoculars for a month now , find I still have to search for the focusing screw . It would be better is it could be moved forward , because it 's not easily or naturally available in its present position.Even with these two caveats , I still recommend these binoculars . They 're excellent value for an entry-level binocular , and I have no regrets . My brother uses a pair of Nikon Monarchs , which cost twice as much , and to my 65 year-old eyes , they 're only marginally better better than my Trail-Blazers .
 Got binoculars timely . Great eye relief for anyone with glasses . Very clear . Just what I wanted . Most binoculars are not good with glasses these are fantastic .
 I am very happy with this purchase ; the binoculars are easy to hold and very easy to adjust the focus . I 've used them with and without my glasses and have no complaints at all .
 I bought these as a gift to my room mate and he absolutely loves them . He likes bird watching , and uses them quite frequently
 Love it . Clear and crisp images . Not taken it for a swim yet to check it 's waterproof-ness , but I 'll take Nikon 's word for it . Focus is solid and barely needs adjusting throughout the distance range . I like it and would certainly buy it again.Disclaimer - I do n't have extensive knowledge in binoculars nor 50 other pairs to compare it against . I do like these though and I 'm happy with the $ $ I spent . No buyers remorse anyway .
 These are absolutely the BEST pair of binoculars we 've ever had ! We love the fact that you can adjust both eyes for clarity , not just one eye as with most others . We ca n't say enough about this great product . We shopped locally to find what we wanted , then went on Amazon to find a much better price . Trust me , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Outside box and inside box arrived crumpled , but it did not damage the binoculars . These binoculars have a wonderful clear view and are light for the size . Very easy to hold stable . Excellent warranty for the price . Only thing is the lens caps want to come off the straps and might eventually get lost . Other than that , great binoculars . Recommended !
 Great clear view when searching over marsh for ducks . Easy to work with glasses . Lens cap holders will not get lost .
 I feel excited about this binocular.I love hiking and stargazing so I wanted to buy a binocular that produces bright images and is easy to carry . I bought this one because it is light , not expensive and has a beautiful design . Despite its price and weight , this binocular is able to provide great picture . I used it in a starry night to watch those fantastic celestial objects such as M31 , M42 and the Jupiter 's satellites , and the binocular showed me sharper and better images than I expected . It might be a good choice for beginning stargazers before buying a specific and much heavier telescope . Though as mentioned in other posts that this binocular has a little chromatic aberration , you can hardly notice it unless you can hold it quite steady .
 Great mechanism , perfect view ... so clare -LRB- lightness -RRB- excelent for my purpose
 I purchased these as my wife and I are going on a jungle safari in Borneo next week.The excellent light gathering properties of these binoculars will come in handy when we go in search of Orang Utan , Proboscis Monkey , Pygmy Elephant and the countless bird species that are present . Although they have a large objective lens -LRB- 50mm -RRB- they are very compact and easy to hold . The water proofing will come in handy in the rain and cloud forests we will be visiting . I will follow up on our return.Well I tried these out in the steaming rainforests of Malaysian Borneo and they came up trumps . The focusing was very smooth . They also focused down to 3 metres . The waterproofing / fog proofing came in very handy whilst trekking in the heavy rain late at night . Weight was never a problem , in fact I do not like those overly light Bins as they do not feel reassuring , these felt solid as a rock . Was able to watch a Bull Pygmy Elephant at 4 metres with no problems at all . Colours were spot on with no colour fringing.Very happy with these binoculars.Will be trying them out at Mai Po reserve in Hong Kong next month.Update 07-09-2011
 I own several pairs of binoculars . This is the first pair that I have ever been very happy with . The narrow field of view is great for bird and wildlife viewing . They are very bright , light weight , and have the best warranty I have ever seen for an under $ 200.00 pair of binoculars . The only negative comment would be that the lens caps ca n't seem to be securely attached to the neck strap . Else , well done Nikon !
 I 'm not an expert in optics , and I do n't have a huge budget for fancy glass . I 'm a casual to enthusiastic birder , and the binos I have been using were n't cutting it anymore . So , based on the reviews , I bought a pair of Trailblazer 8221 10 x 50s . They are an immediate and substantial improvement over the Bushnell Trophy 10x42s I 've been using . They are brighter , sharper , the focus area reaches nearer the edges of the glass . They are a step up in magnification , and they do n't have chromatic aberration the others did . The Bushnells are built more sturdy , and the lens caps , though always in the way , are more substantial than the Nikons . So , for the most part , I 'm pretty happy . The lens covers are terrible , and the case is pretty no frills , but I can live with those things for the price . Speaking of , from the time I placed my order around 10 pm , to the time I woke up , about 7 am , the price dropped $ 26 , which was n't reflected in my order . So I quickly canceled and reordered , not only did I save the $ 26 , but it did n't affect my delivery date . In fact , Amazon beat my projected delivery date by 3 days , so I had them for weekend birding . They ave dropped another $ 20 since I bought them last week , but I ca n't worry about all that . I 'm impressed and happy with my new birding binos .
 I love this binocular . It is easy to operate , good combination of range , stabilization and weight . Good use of all purpose watching . I would recommend this to my friends .
 These let lots of light in and the view is great . The price was reasonable too . Would recommend to anyone that needs a good pair of binoculars
 I bought these binoculars to view an alligator living in the pond by my house . They do a great job ! I can see clearly across our pond . The optics are clear , bright and eye pieces are very comfortable ! I read a review that the case did not come with a strap . That is true , but when you put the binoculars in the case , it 's strap is placed outside the case ... hence when you close the closes velco lid the strap is now the cases strap . I am not a birder or an expert on binoculars , but I read a lot of reviews and decided on these because people were pleased and Nikon has never disappointed me in their products . I do n't think you will be disappointed .
 Awesome pair of binoculars for the price . Excellent Nikon quality . Also bought my son a pair of the these for his first deer hunting trip .
 I 've purchased these binocs to take them with me to Yellowstone . Binocs came with plastic ring connecting right eyepiece to body cracked . I have n't had a time to send it back for replacement and went with broken binocs . Trailblazer survived well and did what it was bought for , I simply have no complains regarding image quality -LRB- sharp , brisk image , quite low aberration -RRB- . It was a good complement to D90 camera.Almost 1 year later eyepiece finally broke completely and I 've sent binocs to Nikon service center . They 've fixed it for $ 0 and did it quite fast . I 'm a pretty happy Nikon customer : -RRB-
 I recieved mine yesterday and tried them out . Overall , I like the optics , weight and usability . These are very nice . Be sure to extend the eye cups . That was briefly confusing.A few things I would improve
 Very sturdy pole with sturdy hook . There are ribs in pole that assist in locking in place . When pole is extended and tightened down , this pole will not collapse like other products with smooth poles . Very happy with purchase .
 Just got blasted with Hurricane Irene in Baltimore :-RRB- The extra long reach of this hook allowed me to snag some loose lines in the middle of the storm . Way better than some of the West Marine models I 've used . Highly recommended ! Just break in the sliding mechanism before use and your good !
 Nice long pole which can be used many ways while on the water . Well built and lightweight . Very happy with this product .
 This expanding boat hook is the perfect choice for docking , it expands easily and has a good size hook for grabbing the dock or a line or for pushing off . I highly recommend this product and would buy it again -
 This boat hook has come in so handy already and I just bought it . I 'm very new to boating as its no secret that docking is very difficult when you 've never done it before . I used this hook a few times to steady the boat upon coming into the slip . I 've used it to grab an item that flew out of the boat while underway . I was tying off at the slip the other day and the boat owner next to me did n't tie off well enough and her boat was about ten feet from the dock . I used this hook to grab onto her boat and pull it into dock . It never bent or loosened . I love this thing .
 Purchased this to replace another one that bent and could no longer be retracted . This one seems to be much better made . No complaints thus far .
 I use this lightweight but strong boat hook to remove items from my truck bed that moved toward the cab during transport . Saves my back and makes easy to remove . Particularly good for camping and tailgating
 Great boat hook , 100 % better than last hook , has a ratchet locking system this one should last a long time . Thank you for a quality product
 Summary : Value weight set . 300 # including 45 # straight bar . Plates are a bit rough around the edges , straight bar is chrome plated and very nice . Good value.Contents :1 . 2x45 pound plates with olympic sized holes2 . 2x353 . 2x254 . 2x105 . 4x56 . 2x2 .57 . 7 ' long olypic straight bar - chrome plated8 . 2 chrome plated olympic sized spring collarsOther description1 . Plates are nice , but if you are looking for a pretty set , you may not be content . Plates have larger casting defects than most I have seen . No biggy for most but if you are considering a fancy chrome or rubber coated set , you may not be content .2 . The plate coating is very nice .3 . The plates have just enough of a single sided lip on them for handling , but are not as easy to handle as plates with hand holds , double lips , or both . This should n't be a problem unless you are particular .4 . The chrome plated bar is very nice . The portion that the plates fit over is even ribbed to help prevent the weights from sliding off . I think this is nicer than the bars at the gym that I go to .
 The only thing I do not like about these weights is that they are heavy which shows me how weak I really am . They seem to be very good weights . The casting is pretty good ... only little defects here and there . The finish is pretty good too . The bar is black and 7 ' long . The ends on my bar was a little stiff . A little WD-40 and they are spinning fine . Overall , I would buy these again .
 BACK IN THE DAYS I WATCH THIS MAN CAPITOLLIZE . . ON EVERY BIG EVENT , FROM THE 80 'S , WITH OR WITH OUT THE HORESMEN ... CANT FORGET THE CCCP , LOD , I CAN GO ON ! BIG SHOUT OUT ! TO RIC FLAIR !
 I ca n't believe people would put down a true pioneer and legend of wrestling like this . Yes , it 's true maybe he should have retired , but you wish you could get in the ring at his age and still perform and his fans still chant his name especially in the Carolinas . I have been a fan since 1974 of The Nature Boy and if not for his imput in the industry for so many years there would never had been a Hulk Hogan , who by the way never had any wrestling talent just a big mouth who promoted himself and not the sports entertainment industry . Ric Flair did so much behind the scenes with industry leaders such as Ted Turner and Jim Crockett and now Vince McMann to make it what it is today . Raw is now the number one TV show and you should thank people like Ric Flair and the legends of this sport .
 lets face it - flair should have retired before he began his career - he sucks . but he does have the best body in all of wrestling . i mean do u know how hard u hafta train to get ur pecs to sag down like that ? how does his skin strecth so far , yet still be so defined muscle tone - hell his veins are still popping out . its so sad 2 see this chump in the ring - he cant even land on his back anymore - i didnt give it 5 stars cuz he is covering up his flabby skin - i know so many teenage girls that adore that - everyone at golds gym would die 2 look like that ... if only i knew how 2 look like that and have NO talent in the ring at all . this photo needs a button that makes his classic woooooooo cuz thats the only cool thing about him
 This sleeping bag is a decent buy for the price . It works well and keeps you warm.I originally bought this bag to go back packing in the snow . It says is only a 20 degree but when i got it it was a 15 . I then put an extra lining inside it to sleep in the snow . Its pretty light and comes with a nice stuff sack that it is easy to stuff into . The night in the snow i stayed warm , i was even sweating a little and it got down to 16 degrees in our tent , however my feet were freezing the whole night , but that is because my feet are always cold even in my house.I used it again on a 4 day back packing trip in yosemite in august . it can get pretty cold at night in yosemite at 6000ft . It worked great for me , light weight and warm and fit into my back pack just fine and this was sleeping under the stars.I also used it camping in santa cruz in october which it gets pretty cold and i was fine . I was in a tent.Over all the only complaints i have are :1 . the draw strings for the head kinda hurt when drawn closed tight . They hurt my face and were kind of uncomfortable .2 . The material is kinda thin and cheap looking but so far has held up for me .3 . Not waterproof or resistent in anyway . -LRB- if you are looking for a snow camping bag -RRB- Conclusion : Great bag for the price . If you are looking for something for winter camping i would recommend a 0 degree bag rather than this . This is now my summer camping bag for general purpose back packing . THis bag has dual stitching and the zipper wind buffer and neck draw string as well as face draw string.I do not regret this purchase its a good bag for an outdoors lover on a budget .
 This sleeping bag keeps me warm ... I have yet to use it outside , but when sleeping in the car , watching TV , or having sack-races ... it 's a good buy .
 Bought this bag a few years ago . Very warm . Lots of room to move in -- I 'm a heavy person who does n't like to be closed in . Never a problem with the zippers . Love the inside print .
 I liked the roominess of this sleeping bag . The cotton liner is a bit scratchy and uncomfortable with a liner and the outside cover is so slippery you can slide off your air mattress .
 This bag was used on cold August nights while camping , and more often than not I was actually too hot in it !
 ready.gov says be prepared in case of disaster.This sleeping bag # 2 -LRB- the second one we ordered -RRB- is the final step in our ` be prepared ' kit . It 's inexpensive , yet , light enough to pack , yet warm enough to be cozy .
 I purchased the smaller sized multi-tool and I am very happy with this purchase . The only bad thing I can foresee is that the tools other than the pliers do not lock into position when in use . Over time I can imagine that they will become loose but this is not a huge problem for me since I seldom need them.Otherwise a quality item for the money !
 The `` Winchester 22-01347 '' is a very small , but very useful multi-tool . It 's small size hides a wide selection of surprisingly practical and well made tools.The wood accents add a small measure of class , so pulling it out in an office does n't cause a lot of alarm -LRB- unlike whipping out a huge Leatherman might : - -RRB- This goes on sale fairly often and can be gotten for well under the list price . It is a good bargain for a well made tool.Recommended !
 It 's a really tiny tool , I was surprised at first but I really like it . It looks better in real than on the pictures . It seems sturdy enough for the use I want to make of it - does not look cheap at all . It 's totally worth the 10 bucks it cost me .
 This multi-tool is probably smaller than what you might think . It 's actually the smallest multi-tool I 've seen - which could be a plus or minus depending on your usage . However , it 's well constructed and has all the needed standard tools you would need for small jobs . We used this item as a graduation gift for HS graduates . Perfect item for dorm room needs . The carrying case that comes with the tool is perfect and adds a nice touch if giving as a gift .
 This is a handy tool that is small but has a lot of features that the more expensive stuff has . Again great for travel .
 These are for gifts for Christmas . I love the looks of them and have already ordered more .
 This turned out to be a great knockoff of the leatherman/swiss army knife type of thing , for a really great price . I 'd buy more .
 I got this as a gift for my 10 year old nephew who loves to go fishing . He needed some help getting the hooks out of the fish and this works great with his little hands . It fits nicely in his tackle box and the wood grain makes it look really nice . I am sure he will out grow it or end up dropping it in the lake but for the price i can afford to buy him another one later .
 i got the knife today as a late x mas present for my stepdad he loved it right out of the plastic commenting on how well the tools are crafted and how sharp the blade and saw are . ill be buying myself one here directly and i might buy one for a good friend of mine too ! thanks amazon for the speedy delivery
 for a smaller multi tool this works well . . I took them on a trip to Cancoon and used them many times because I had a problem w/my lower partial . Pliers worked quite well , even on spring steel
 I picked this up for my son inexpensively . It was an impulse purchase , but one he enjoys.It 's very attractive , and the case is well made . It 's like a pair of folding pliers that have extra tools that might be handy . The pliers work well , the rest of the tools are only okay in quality.It 's so small he actually wore it on his watchband today ! He 'll probably make himself a leather wrist strap for it .
 You just got ta ' have one of these if you do any type work that can utilize the tools that come with this item . Not much in here someone would n't need , but , as a `` spare '' tool kit along with being a knife , it 's just terrific . I have 4 of these in various places where I just may need to use this `` boy scout tool '' and have been happy about that decision on several occasions .
 For the price , I do n't think you are going to find anything better . It 's smallish , but much larger than a Leatherman Squirt . It seems decently made and the selection of tools is good . If you want something to carry every day , I 'd keep looking , but for a backup multitool or just something cheap to throw in the car or a BOB , it 's a good choice .
 Well , it all depends what you paid for this tool . I got it from Amazon for $ 4.20 , free shipping . And for me the price/quality ratio is just fine . My screwdrivers are OK , pliers are fine for a small tool . The only complaint is that knife is not easy to open sometimes , but it is because my nail is very short . I also like the belt holster , the total size and weight of this tool is just right for me to have it on it the whole day at work . Sure , for $ 15 I would go with a Gerber tool . But for the money it works for me .
 ... I ended up purchasing a total of 5 of these . It 's something to carry around in my pocket , not for major surgery . And the other 4 people that I passed them on to enjoy owning theirs , too . At under $ 5.00 , I think it was a fantastic purchase .
 I recently bought 33 of these tools . I 'm climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro in early Feb , and plan to use the tools for gifts to our porters . I was looking for a small , high quality , inexpensive gift , that a African can use . Looking forward to presenting them !
 Ugh , you 're thinking , not another darn Leatherman-type tool . Ah , but this one is truly gorgeous . The wood handle makes it a great executive gift . It 's very well made and looks quite rich , but wo n't break the bank .
 I read the reviews before buying this , so I knew that it was fairly small . That is one of the reasons I bought it . It is a good size to fit in the pocket if necessary . Looks very nice and more expensive than it was .
 I bought this item to put in my tacklebox . Though compact and small , I found it to be quite useful for the purposes I got it . For one thing I do n't want to carry a lot of stuff because I usually hike in to my spots . I carry only the necessities in a small plastic case . This multi tool is just right for this . It can unjam fishing line , it can cut line , it can hold a hook for sharpening or for tying a fly , and it can help loosen the hook from the fishes mouth . The Phillips screwdriver is just the right size for quick adjustments to my reels . The knife -LRB- with a little honing -RRB- is very sharp and holds it 's edge . I do n't use the other tools much , but I do n't see why they could not be used . Yes , this multi tool is very small , but that is precisely it 's value to me . I would n't buy a sledge to put a nail in the wall , so why buy a big Leatherman when you have small size jobs ?
 I am very pleased with the product The tool is nicely finished and includes the typical tools that should be handy to have access to from time to time without having to carry a bulky load around . The carrying case for a belt gives handy access to the tool when needed.The nail file that is included has two different roughnesses -- one per side . This is more flexibility than some I have seen.The knife blade may be too short for some , but I find the 1-1/2 inch length quite adequate for my purposes.Not all Phillip 's head screw drivers seem to work well ; this one does .
 This seems like a decent tool , bought it as a gift . It is a LOT smaller than I figured it 'd be though .
 For the price a great deal . All the tools I found to be functional , especially the pliers . My son and daughter have many piercings and the pliers really come in handy changing them . This is a compact tool with a nice pouch that never seems to get in the way . I bought one for myself and ended up going back for 10 more as presents . So far I have had only positive comments from the recipients .
 This is a great product , and it 's value for money rating is 5-Stars ! I will not hesitate to recommend this to anyone looking for a high quality teflon lube . It goes on in liquid form , evaporates and leaves a silky teflon coat on whatever you apply it to . EXCELLENT as a bicycle chain teflon lube ! Not only does the bottle have the same shape and size as a similar bicycle product -LRB- in black container -RRB- costing a lot more , the contents feel and smell exactly the same ! Buy this and save money .
 This is the best chain lube I 've used so far . It sticks well , does n't drip all over and seems to keep the chain reall y clean . IT WORKS . HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 As many other motorcyclists have indicated this DuPont product is a great chain lube . I use their Chain Saver product in spray form as my main lube , but carry this small container as a backup while on the road . It 's the perfect size to carry with you on long road trips.Great product in an easy to manage size .
 The product was a little late in getting here so we thought it got lost . The seller cheerfully sent another one out and the first one got here a few days later . Seller said to keep both . Great folks and a very good product . I use it anything I want to keep lubricated on my motorcycle , car , and around the house and garage .
 I use this on my bike and motorcycle chains and on various hinges , rollers , etc. throughout the house.For bikes , it 's much better than Teflon products since they attract so much dirt .
 I 'm a fan of DuPont Teflon Multi Use Lubricant and normally buy it in the 11oz . aerosol can . This squeeze bottle version allows application of small amounts more precisely , with less mess . Either way , DuPont has a great product that penetrates easily into most any area . It goes on water thin , dries quickly , and leaves a light , dry , waxy film fortified with Teflon . Though the bottle version is 4oz . it probably will last as long as the 11oz aerosol as there is much less waste.I started using this product to lube O-rings motorcycle chains , at which it excels , but quickly found it a preferred lubricant for most anything that one would want a lightweight lubricant . Much cleaner than any wet lube .
 I 've found this to be a good bicycle chain lubricant . I ca n't seem to make up my mind between wet and dry lubricants . Dry lubricants like this are more useful for chain cleaning and seem to keep the chain cleaner longer . Wet lubricants tend to leave the chain quieter , but attract more dirt.Dupont multi-use is considerably cheaper than the bicycle-specific brands , though I suspect it 's the same product . If you 're in the market for a dry lubricant I 'd look no further.The plastic bottle is more useful for carrying with you , while the spray can is a little better when used as a cleaner .
 Bought a few of these this winter when our heat got turned off . However , we like them so much , we use them on our beds every night . Even though our trailer is n't well insulated , we are warn enough that we do n't need the dog in our bed anymore .
 I am very pleased with the product . This is a great product , especially considering how inexpensive the sleeping bags are . We used them in September in the Mogollon Rim area in Arizona and they were great .
 Good cheap sleeping bag . Used in 50 degree weather , and was not overly warm . I kind of doubt the 30 degree rating , but a fine bag . Comfy lining , no sweating .
 I Ordered 2 of these bags , both came promptly , & better quality than I even expected . I could not find any in my general area , even comparable , in price or quality . So , needless to say I 'm very pleased , although I 've never been let down by Amazon on any product that I have purchased from them , so I should not be surprised ! Thank you , & Keep up the good work , it 's much appreciated by me . R. White
 I bought these to use with myNew Complete Longboard - MINI CRUISER - BANANA CRUISER 27 '' X 8 `` which was desperately needing a new thicker riser . The old one that it had only put the board to shame and would not be able to handle as great in the situations I put it through . With the new riser it was able to go through streets with cracks more easily and without many problems . It created a huge improvement and would recommend it to anybody .
 Socks stay up and do not look all that thick but you can feel the cushion ! work great for standing all day on your feet at work
 In leiu of Christmas Gifts we provided sleeping bags for the organization Helping Hands . The sleeping bags went to individuals that are homeless and need a warm place to sleep . They used these sleeping bags while sleeping in churches that donated their space and time to the homeless during the winter months . The price was great as well as the comfort and warmth of the sleeping bag . Thank you for making it so affordable .
 For the money this is a great sleeping bag comfortable and well made . I have had other sleeping bags but am so far happiest with this one and it is nice and roomy !
 This is an excellent sleeping bag . Each of my children has one and are delighted . Our family went on a camping trip where the weather got VERY chilly at night . Our children stated that they were `` very toasty '' in their new sleeping bags while the rest of us FROZE in our old ones . I am looking forward to buying new Wenzel Sleeping Bags for the rest of the family now !!
 The main reason I bought this bag was that it fit my 6 ' 5 '' frame and is rated for cool temps . It is a nice long bag . I am pleased with the material and construction of this bag . It is a great bag at a good price .
 I purchased this sleeping bag for Summer use in the mountains . This flannel lined sleeping bag is pure comfort . I recommend that you use this bag for temperatures ten degrees higher then what the temperature rating is on the bag . You can not go wrong for the money on this sleeping bag . I highly recommend this product by Wenzel .
 Gave to daughter as a gift , she 's very pleased with it - good function & very warm .
 I have no complaints at all about this sleeping bag . It 's big , warm , and soft . I 'm very satisfied .
 The product came quickly , was reasonably priced , and was easy to figure out -LRB- no instructions came with it -RRB- . Some assembly was required regarding the belts and their clips . I started at 12 lbs and have worked my way up to 20 lbs so far . Only drawback I anticipate is that it will be too hot to use in the summer .
 Any training vest is not for beginners making their way to the gym after a new year 's resolution . Contact a physican and a trainer before starting any exercise program.The vest is well made but the shoulder outlets needs a slight lining or padding . The reason is the vest tends to dig into the shoulder when I wore it during a cardio session.The bags are comprise of metal filings/shavings encased in a lunchbag thin plastic bag placed inside a synthetic bag . The bags of weights are not durable . I have dropped the vest onto a bench and three bags burst wide open . I realize that dropping any type of equipment is n't advisable but after 30 minutes of cardio then 45 minutes of weight training , proper etiquette goes out the window.I started with 26lbs in the vest then worked my way up to 40lbs within a few weeks . Be prepared to be saturated with perspiration ! Good investment . I received my vest as an holiday gift .
 The vest works great for the price . Although , the strap is too large for me but I weigh in at 145 . Either way it still fits comfortably and shifts very little except when I do leap frogs or exercises where you would jump into the air . I was a little skeptical because of the other reviews but shipping was fast , it 's easy to figure out and it 's a sturdy product . Great for the price .
 When I ordered this vest I was not too sure I had purchased the right item . When it was delivered and I saw it ... it was exactly what I was looking for . The recipient was extremely happy .
 I recently purchased the vest and it turned out to be everything I expected . I expect the durable material to outlast me . So far I have only used the 20lbs configuration and it wears very comfortable.I recommend it highly and welcome anyone to contact mer via e mail if you have any question . The ultra benefit is that it can have a second purpose . I was also shopping for a traveling vest and saw plenty at various prices . A traveling vest serves to safely carry various electronic pieces such as small cameras , ipods , batteries , mp3 players and when traveling passports etc. . Alex
 This is a Christmas gift , so I personally have n't tried it , but I do like the packaging and how fast it got here . Great gift for a college kid and their room mates .
 I thought the cage would be bigger . `` Deluxe Bingo Cage 8 '' should have read `` Deluxe 8-inch Bingo Cage . '' I actually could n't use it for what I needed it for and had to improvise . Everything turned out alright though ...
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I 've been a skier for 52 years . This year I was handed a pair of the Scream Hot skis for a day 's use . The following day I skied on comparable ski . The third day I bought the Screams.Here 's why . I 'm a demanding , all-mountain skier . With these skis , if I even thought `` turn , '' they turned . They were fine on packed power and held their edge on patchy ice . You could drift them absolutely flat through airplaine turns , boogie through the bumps , and maintain control through varying conditions -- all of this at a fast pace -LRB- though there are faster skis out there -RRB- , with a minimum of chatter or fuss.For advanced skiers who need an all-round ski that reads your mind , these are the ticket !
 These are pretty nice . If you like to ski mostly groomed runs , pretty fast and do n't explore deep powder , these are great . Especially if you have a little bit of weight to ya . If you are a man then I would definitly recommend these , if you are a woman and are aggresive on the cruisers and weight 150 + , then again , these are great skis for you .
 Works great , simple and easy to use with any straight arrow . Works especially well for setting a knock point with some of the full capture drop away rests that standard squares wo n't fit into while they are fully engaged . It 's small and easy to throw into your bag with your wax and hex tool . Probably wo n't fully replace traditional bow squares for a full time bow tech , but it 's certainly a useful tool and good value for the price .
 I tried this holster after using another one that was simply too big to properly retain the tools . This one , on the other hand , is just about right . The scissor slots are just about perfectly sized , and the retaining strap makes certain they stay in place -LRB- I have a pair of paramedic shears and a pair of bandage scissors in mine -RRB- , and the two front slots will easily fit a pen , penlight , or _ very _ slender clipped pocket knife -LRB- I have a Kershaw `` leek '' in mine and it _ just _ fits -- you wo n't get a Spyderco in here -RRB- . I usually keep this holster in a gear bag , so it must retain the tools in every direction while the bag 's being tossed around . So far , I 've had no problems whatsoever . This holster is n't a great option if you need it to carry a larger knife or a multitool , but for two pairs of scissors and two pen-shaped tools it 's just about perfect .
 We live on a fault zone and our area has exsperienced a huge earthquake in the past.As well we are prone to tornados.Also we hunt and hike a lot and there have been a couple of times when I was a bit turned around and ended up spending a night in the woods.Because of this I put together an emergency kit just in case the worst happens.Among the items I chose is this tent.It is lightweight enough to carry without noticeing it , in fact you could fit it in a shirt pocket.But if needed it will keep rain/snow/dew off of you in the event you find yourself in need of something overnight to stay in .
 sometimes you just have to sit it out in the &#34; &#34; -LRB- yes , fill in the blank -RRB- , especially when you are travelling.If I have to breakdown , I am glad this is in my motorcycle BOB , it is light , fairly robust , and will definitely keep the weather off of you!If you need an spend an emergency overnight ... this will make you more comfortable !
 I do n't know how well it works but the concept is awsome . I would try it out but it is packed in a compact fashion and I do n't know if I can re-fold it back up that tight . Therefor , it 's in my B.O.B. for emergencies . Small , compact and I like it .
 I like this tent for my survival gear . It 's light and is small enough to fit in my bag . It looks easy enough to set up in an emergency .
 Have been using this for 3 months now & find it very easy to use , i rarely need to use the high watt bulb as the low is so good . But in dark streets you are able to switch between easily . I love the fact that it gives you the 1/2 hr warning before it runs out . It is very compact and fits on the top of your bar out of the way .
 My son is 9 yrs old and is basketball junkie ! He ca n't get enough . For Christmas this year we got him jerseys of some of his favorite players . This Deron Williams jersey was a hit ! He can wear it year round because during the winter months it looks quite dressy with a turtleneck under it . It washes very well , fits great and the price was very reasonable . We were VERY pleased with this purchase .
 Very Satisfied with this bundle pack . Graphics smooth on my toshiba laptop with 1.7 qig pcu ; 128 meg intel video card . Nascar was not compatible with my video card but the other games were still fun to play . Rosters are n't up to date , but i 'm not a big sports guy so that doesnt matter . over all , fun game 's and great deal in this bundle .
 I am happy I bought this because of NBA and Madden , but NHL and Nascar are unplayable and I uninstalled them both after 2-3 games . I actually threw Nascar into the garbage.I upgraded computers and thus upgraded from NBA and NHL 2001 to these versions . Here are my honest but succinct reviews : The 2004 5 Pack includes : NBA Live 2004 - which is a great game , very fun , great graphics.Madden 2004 - which is a very good game , very good graphics , decent playability.Nascar Thunder 2004 - which is totally unplayable.NHL Live 2004 - which is nearly unplayable . NHL 2006 is awesome !! Tiger Woods 2004 - which I have n't tried yet.Hope this helps . Good luck .
 fits in all my pistols with no problem crosman has been around for quite sometime so there products are very good ...
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I was n't really sure what to expect before I received this plate . But when I did , I was thrilled . It looks amazing . Better than the one 's I 've seen at sports stores , and it was less expensive by far ! Very pleased . I just hope nobody steals it !!!!!
 The design of this basketball system is fantastic . It is so easy to move and so easy to raise or lower the backboard . It is sturdier than most movable systems and with the 4 wheels and the leaver action you can easily move it from one place to the other without emptying the reservoir . If it is a windy day you can easily lower the back board . Now that I have raved about the product let me give you the negative , if you are not mechanically inclined , do not even attempt to put this together . The directions are terrible and there are a lot of moving parts . After putting it together there are a lot of left over nuts and bolts and you wonder what you have forgotten , but the directions are very bad so you had to guess at what they meant . So I recommend that you hire someone to put this together which is what we had to do to get this put up . Took the person many hours to get it together and he was not working by an hourly rate .
 Box arrived in a state of disarray - thankfully on a few bolts were missing ... purchased more at a local hardware store - no problem.Overall a great product coupled with the $ 100 Huffy coupon made this an unbeatable bargin . A +
 Excellent hoop that is extremely stable , yet can be easily moved , but unless you 're a whiz at assembling things , you 'll need to hire 2 qualified people to put this together . I hired 2 experienced handymen , paid them $ 100 and it took THEM 6 hours to put this together . If you 're paying by the hour or expect to do this with a friend , consider the time and/or money you 'll spend for that before you buy .
 This Duck call sounds just like the duck.Awsome sound and no effort to use it.Its the perfect tool for any Duck hunters needs !
 This combination rifle case/drag bag/shooting mat is the best quality and most versatile case I have ever found . For the money , this product offers 10X what the competitor offers at less than half of the price . The quality , deatail to utility , and use/placement of practical useful storage compartments is phenominal . I spent a great deal of time researching a case for my high end custom sniper rifle and am so very happy to have found this item . I would have spent twice the price for this item because of its quality . Take my word for it , do n't bother comparing this product to any other case out there . This case will do the job and last a very very long time . Lastly , I am usually extremely particular and difficult to please when evaluating any product , and I would have to say that this product is the single best value I have ever purchased on the web , without question .
 Was looking for a spare cartridge to have in case . Great price and quick shipping . A +
 Fit perfectly . The original unit incurred a broken collar so I 'll be more careful with this one . Hope I never have to use it !
 They work fine and fit well so Im happy ! And I like the tint .
 I bought this small ball for my three year old grandson who is such a little athlete in most every sport he tries . His parents went to Carolina so he thinks that is the best college in America . He has a real ball goal that is lowered to eight feet that is high for him , but with this smaller ball he can ring it . He just LOVES it !!
 The cover is especially useful when running/working outside . The only -LRB- minor -RRB- problem is that the cutout for the headphone cable is in the middle of the top -- the iPod 's is off to the side . I just nipped a little hole in the appropriate spot and it did the trick .
 The company described the item perfectly . The price was great and the delievry was very fast . I recommend using this company . Randy
 Received this product in a timely manner . The product was exactly as described . It has helped my horse a lot and would recommend this product to any horse person having the same issues with their horse .
 When I set out to buy a new yoga mat , I really wanted something that would hold up under a rigorous 4-days/week yoga `` habit '' - prior to this I bought the `` el cheapo 's '' at the local store and they were perfectly fine for beginning and gentle pace . But when I joined more rigorous yoga classes , those did not hold up and peeled , and slipped and and and . I am very happy with my purchase . The mat did not have that yucky rubber smell associated with new mats . It did take a couple of weeks to break the mat in and get it to a non-slip state despite washing it first , but now it is fantastic . For those people worried about the slip factor for the initial break in period , a towel worked just fine.Also , the thickness is great for practicing on hard floors and does not compromise the stability factor .
 Pros - I bought this mat for yoga class , but it would work well for pilates , too . The thickness -LRB- which is actually 3/8 '' -RRB- is wonderful for preventing pain in my knees , hips and wrists . Not the best for balancing poses , of course , but I 've always stepped off even the thinnest mats for balancing . I am 5 ' 7 '' and the extra few inches of length really make a difference . I do n't have to adjust as often to keep my whole body on the mat.Cons - Can get a little slippery if it gets wet , although this seems to be happening less the more I use it . Still , this mat might not work for you if you sweat heavily . It does n't lay totally flat on the end you first roll up , so you have to unroll it and then flip it over so it wo n't curl up while you 're using it . It smelled a bit strong at first , but I just gave it rub down with a dilute blend of Mrs. Meyers all-purpose cleaner and water and then left it unrolled for a few days in a well-ventilated area . It took about 2 weeks for the smell to dissipate completely.Overall I 'm very happy with this purchase . Many people in class have asked me where I bought it . *** Update
 I have a basic sticky mat that is good , but my knees hurt when I kneel . This mat has more cushion so that I do n't have to alter my exercise to save my knees . It is also longer so that my head and feet are both cushioned when I 'm lying down . Have n't owned it for long , so I do n't know how it 'll hold up over time , but I like it a lot so far .
 I used to take classes at a gym that had these mats . I then used other mats and missed this one , so I bought one and have used it pretty hard for about a year now . It has aged and does not hold its shape as when new , is torn up around where my toes are for vinyasas , but make no mistake . This is a very good mat , cleans easily dries fast , good traction , good price , etc. . I have just bought a new mat of a different kind to try another out . Would buy this again its a great mat .
 If you do old school , slow moving , deep breathing yoga this is a great mat . Practitioners of Kripalu , Shivananda , IYT and related styles will love this mat . It has a nice soft texture and feel and will last a reasonable amount of time . There 's no appreciable odor when it 's new . If you do a lot of vinyasa style yoga , especially if you do jump backs , you 'll quickly wear through the surface down to the fiber netting that holds it together . There are tougher mats that are better for that.I teach a variety of styles and levels and I take the mat when I want to do a more meditative , slow flow practice with deeply held postures . I truly love it for that . I made the mistake of using it for vinyasa when I first got it , so one side has a lot of divots in it . The flip side is doing fine for what I now use it . I give four stars only because of the wear issue .
 i bought THREE of these mats from amazon in 2007 . 2 for me and one for my dad.i do 2-3 hours of yoga/pilates a week.i first learned about this mat from my yoga instructor who came back from a conference with one.because i tore my ACL and never had it repaired -LRB- PT only and doing fine -RRB- , i need the added cushion.also , as part of my PT , i have to do lots of balancing exercises . so when i am in class , the cushion makes me work harder to maintain balance poses.those are the pros . the biggest con is that the treads wore down after a year . at that point , there was not enough traction for downward facing dog or warrior . so i ended up turning it over in order to use the treads on the other side . it works but i have to keep the ends from curling up with small weights.overall , it is still the best type of mat i 've had in 6 years .
 I love this mat . Still sticky , and in great shape after 3 years . Bonus
 As a beginner to yoga , I needed to find my own mat I could start taking to class . After much research I chose this one . When I received it I washed it in a mild soapy solution and left it unrolled for a day . The first couple times of use the mat seemed a little slippery , but this has gone away . I love the thickness of the mat . I spray it with a lavender solution after every use . It is holding up well after 30 + hours of use and hope it continues to do so . When I 'm done using it , I can recycle it . Thanks Hugger Mugger .
 This is a very excellent Yoga Mat which has no unpleasant odor , is long enough and sticky enough to hold me in any asana I 've tried . And it 's very pretty too . I 'm content with it . Thank you for making it available and for getting it to me in less time than expected .
 Love my Yoga mat . I bought this specific one because I am allergic to latex , and I wanted a mat that was n't full of other chemicals . I love it ! We bought it for our Wii Fit , and wanted a longer one as my husband and I are both of 6ft . It has no odor and has a nice grip .
 This mat is perfect for me . The 10mm thickness provides the cushion that I need for my ankles , back , and knees . I also love that it is decomposable , recyclable , does not absorb moisture , is toxic-free , hypoallergenic , and wipes clean with a mild solution of soap and water . Very much worth the price .
 I searched many sites looking for the right mat . I wanted something a little thicker for hardwood floors . I was very concerned about what the mat was made of and I thoroughly checked into my options . Price was also a big consideration -- I found some really nice sounding mats , but they were mostly way out of my price range . One review said the mat smelled bad -- glad that I ignored that one , because it does not smell bad at all . I could not be happier with my new mat !
 I bought this for my mom and she absolutely loved it . She used it for all excercising not just yoga , she would just put it on the hardwood floor and it would be soft enough for her to do her thing . It is very generous in it 's thickness , and very soft.To get a great eco-friendly bag , try the `` Hugger Mugger Recycled Paper Yoga Mat Bag '' . It 's spacious enough to fit more things than just the yoga matt , and it 's very nice looking.Sadly , after she had washed it she left it in the sun too long and it got distorted . I think she got rid of it after that .
 I have a few mats , a cheap Gaia , a Manduka pro black and this . I grab this one every time these days . The Manduka is heavy , best used in a place it can stay out and not be lugged about . I still use it with the Equa towel for hot . The earth elements feels great , good sticky , good cushion , like the rounded corners , rolls up easy and the smell ai n't bad out of the package -LRB- many mats materials reek for months -RRB- . It is a great mat for home and travel .
 I 've had this mat for over a year and use it exclusively for yin yoga , yoga nidra and meditation . I throw a Manduka hot towel over it which provides a comfortable space for concentration and breath during long sessions . My Earth Elements 10mm has broken down and warped due to being left in a hot car , but the ` biodegradable ' imperfections have n't impeded the function of the mat , or my love for it . I highly recommend it for yoga nidra and yin loving yogis and yoginis . It is light weight and easily portable , it provides excellent cushioning , and has proved highly durable over time . I 've never regretted buying it ... I also recommend the Manduka eQua Hot Yoga Towel for this mat , it 's a wonderful accompaniment .
 I used to double up my mats in class or have to pause to fold over a single mat when down on a knee . For the first time I felt no pressure in my knee and I even managed a head stand . The biggest surprise was that I finally understood what my teacher meant when she said `` dig your toes in '' . As an added bonus , it does n't have that weird rubber smell that some mats have . I am sensitive to smell and this one was fine right out of the plastic . I ca n't give it 5 stars only because when it is rolled it barely fits under my arm which means no biking or walking to class . Maybe with straps ?
 i am ready to order my third earth elements mat . unlike the other reviewer , i had not found this mat to be any problem at all ... neither too sticky nor too slippery . because it is only 3mm , it can be a bit stretchy in wide stance poses ... a overly slippery mat usually just needs to be wiped down to get the surface coating off . this mat has held up to countless washes in the washing machine . it folds VERY flat to fit into a suitcase . i like the brown because it does n't get that unsightly dirty look to it . the current mat is at least 3 years old , if not 4 and i teach a minimum of 10 sessions per week . it was worth every penny .
 the only one of these that is super thick and cushy is the Midnight Blue one . The others are different thicknesses . I do yoga 5 days a week and this mat is the best and great for your knees . A few other people at my studio have it to and love it as much as I do .
 These are great . Small `` O-Rings '' keeps the dart shafts from loosening up . I would get in the habit of making sure each dart was tight before I threw , now I do n't have to worry about it . I have yet to have a shaft loosen up after using these .
 I really needed this product quick and went ahead and order them I was worried about the hole not fitting on my project ... . Surprised it was here fast and fit perfectly .
 I hate 'em , it 's a cleat fer cryin ' out loud , it does what cleats do .
 I purchased these poles for a trip to Croagh Patrick in Ireland . These poles are great . They are compact and great when traveling . We have used them hiking in Italy and several trips to Ireland along with here in the states . My wife had a set of Leiki and during the trip to Croagh Patrick she tried my poles and preferred these since her would periodically slip , so replaced her poles with the same set I have . They are excellent and neither of us has had our poles to slip and I have had to put a lot of pressure on them . They are great and we have had no problems at all .
 Bought these poles before a 70-mile hiking trip on the Colorado Trail . They were great . I love the easy-to-use clips that really hold the extensions in place . So many others on my trip had a twist-type extensions and they do n't seem to hold as well as these . this is my second pair of Black Diamond poles - not sure I 'll ever buy another brand . These fold down shorter , so I like these better than my other pair . I can actually pack these in a bag for flying . I also use them in the winter for showshoeing - and we had over 6 feet of snow this year ! I highly recommend them .
 I 'm changing my review after two months of use . Yesterday the unit broke off my topeak trunk rack when loading it in my car trunk . I will not replace it with the same light . Before it broke it looked like the clip mount was also breaking anyways . It just was not bright enough . There is another light I have which is much stronger called the planet bike superflash , which I will buy a second one and have two mounted .
 In my town anything that is n't bolted down to your bike will get stolen -LRB- and on occasion someone will cut through double locks and steal your whole bike , but that is another story -RRB- . This light is good for what it does , but since I carry it in my bag it turns on very easily and then of course runs out of batteries . That is my only real complaint though - I do appreciate that it goes on and off the bike so easily .
 This light was a replacement for a previous bike taillight that died . I was concerned at first about its size , but it is very visible - the LEDs are powerful , and it can be angled to the best visibility . It comes with various ways to attach it to the bike or a pack , and I found the pieces versatile enough to come up with my own solution . A great buy for the money .
 I finally found a taillight that is almost perfect . Small , bright and uncomplicated . Only three functions
 One of the guys in our ride group had this light . He loves it and I share the same sentiment . I was using clip on blinking lights but they kept bouncing off and breaking . This light is bright , has great blinking options , is easy to put on and stays on . I turn it on when I 'm out on a morning ride or if it 's getting dark in the evening . Great light for the price .
 I would n't call this light `` ultra-bright '' but it works and the clip is perfect for the Topeak Aero Wedge Pack . It 's a good value and so far has had good battery life .
 I was surprised by how small it is compared to my old one . I always like Topeak products and this is another good one . It clips on easily , both on the seat post and onto my Topeak trunk bag . It has LEDs on both sides which make it very visible from the side as well.Of course , if you plan to do some night commuting or early morning commuting , I high recommend wearing a reflective vest and a powerful headlight.Long term review -LRB- 2010-09-29 -RRB- I do a lot of early morning riding -LRB- before sunrise -RRB- and I soon ditched this light and replaced it with a Planet Bike Superflash . I had been stopped by police and drivers in the morning , telling me how bright my superflash was and said it was indeed a good light , as they can see my from 1 mile away . I do n't think the Topeak 4-LED light is in that category .
 My child falls a lot and the light keeps in place , the neighbors love it , we live in miami and it is so hot that during summer the only good time to ride is at night , if you ride your bike on streets with a lot of trafic you better buy a light that can be seen 360 degrees and more leds . Other thing that I like is that it has clip so for my daughter that skates , she can just clip it on her clothing and make herself visible .
 This is a very nice bright small light weight light that attached nicely to my rear rack bag . I would recommend this product .
 Great light ! Light weight
 This is nice light . It is extremely visible from far away . It also clips onto the topeak bag I own . It is very convienent to just clip on and remove it from the bag . Thank you for a wonderful product .
 Great product for price paid , I love the compact size , and the methods for attaching the light are great , L.E.D. 's are very bright , Product feels very durable , and to top it off the products water resistance is great if you plan ride in the rain . The only disappointment was the lack of presets -LRB- all it can do is Blink and be constantly on -RRB-
 Pros
 Small but powerful . This light will let cars see that you are ahead of them . The LEDs will help you safely ride at night .
 These are the fastest , best handling tires that I have ever ridden . If you like speed , then these tires are for you . I 've ridden over 1200 miles on the tires with only one flat . It was a pretty nasty cut to the rear tire , but the tire was not a fault . I 've done all of my riding on these , centuries , racing , and training . There is somewhat of a short life to these tires , as with all high thread count tires . My rear tire is ready for replacement . I am a clyde -LRB- 200lbs -RRB- and I 'm sure that shortens the tire life . These tires will not dissapoint !
 This review is based on the 270 TPI version of the tires . I 'm here to get two more sets for my other bikes and I think that the 320 TPI tire should be even better . Knock on wood I 've had no problem any flats after 800 plus miles . I have a couple of cuts but I think that the problem with flats was the with the version prior to the 270 TPI version . The tires have a great ride at 120 PSI and handle extremely well . I 've used Michelin Pro2 's and top of the line Hutchinson 's and like these the best . They are a bit pricy but I think that they are well worth it which is why I 'm buying more .
 Maxit is Under Armour if Under Armour was a watch company only turning out high quality , low production , Swiss-made time pieces . It is just a superb clothing company with top of the line professional grade products . This shirt is no exception . I was suprised at a performance shirt with 70 % cotton . Usually that means not very good performance . But Maxit makes it work with this shirt . Excellent wicking with the comfort of cotton.The shirt has a curved bottom , is true to size , and is one of those rare shirts that can be used very comfortably in both hot and cold conditions . With the clearence prices on Amazon this is a very good buy . Note at least when I have ordered Maxit items on Amazon from Maxit Designs as a seller the more items you buy the better price per item shipping . $ 5 for 1 item , $ 6 for 2 , $ 7 for 3 .
 The picture for this shows a totally black tire , but the sidewalls are tan . However that matches what I had and I bought two for only a little more that what one would cost at the local Trek dealer . It was easy to install with no tools and works well so far .
 Great scope . Looks good and is rugged built.I mounted the scope on my Mossberg 835 12gauge with same camo design and it is a mean looking , killing machine . Killed a turkey with it at over 30 yards , no problem . Hope is go 's on sale again , I would buy another for my boy 's shotgun ... Before he takes mine !
 It 's hard to tell what the quality is like from the picture on Amazon . But the hexagram is green cloth with white stitching . The white stiching is a little imperfect , but the symbols are all legible.Feels like any other black wristband I have worn before , but not as thick and fluffy as a Naruto wristband .
 I have 22 month old twin girls so I bought 2 of these . First the price was great . We searched stores before we went on line and I paid for 2 what they were charging for 1 at the sporting good stores , Target , Walmart . This particular model is the one we wanted , the Heads-up feature . We are avid boaters and wanted to make sure the girls would be safe in case of an emergency . The quality is great in my opinion , it 's very light , snug but comfortable . One of my girls is very feisty and we were worried she would give us a hard time to wear it , but on the contrary , she thought it was funny and just walked around with it like she 's always had it . All in all we are happy with the purchase and would recommend this to anyone with toddlers .
 The life vest fits well and seems to have adequate safety features . And my granddaughter loves the design/color/comfort enough to wear it without complaint .
 I bought this when my daughter was 16 months and this vest has grown with her . The vest fits snugly with adjustable straps around the waist and between the legs . Very durable , had mafe it through 2 summers so far . The best part is the neck flap that comes up to support the gead and neck while they are on their back . Good investment for us .
 My daughter wore this life vest 3 summers in a row ! Totally worth the money !
 This vest performs as advertised , ie , keeps the child 's head up and out of the water .
 Seems well built , bought this one for our 2 year old after returning another brand/model because it was waaaaay too big . This one is still big for her and should last a couple years , but much more reasonably sized for a younger toddler . She loves `` camping out '' in it - although we have n't really taken it out yet since it 's the hot summer !
 This unit is wireless and has worked well . I bought this unit because I thought it had a larger display than other units on the market and I am not disapointed . It is easy to install . However , my only complaint is the difficulty -LRB- for me , maybe not for others -RRB- is the steps required to change modes , etc. I ca n't remember all of the steps and have to refer to the instructions . Hard to do when riding .
 So , they lost a star
 This little wireless computer has all the bells and whistles to help my husband optimize his bike trip to and from work every day . He loves to check average speed , fuel economy , and the like on his car 's computer , and now he can do it on his bike too .
 On a recent 50 mile bike tour , the odometer matched the cue sheet exactly to the tenth mile . The display is easy to read and its big button allows you to change modes easily . The speedometer is sensitive and measures in MPH or KPH.Cons
 Best bike speedometer out there - good quality and love the large display . Can be a little confusing to set up as the instructions are n't super clear - but once you do it works great.Have been using this for a couple years now to keep track of my rides - really the best out there . Good battery life too .
 this is john cenas u.s. spinner belt spins in the middle medallion this is a really awesome belt i cant wait until the john cena wwe championship comes out in december cant wait !!!!!!!
 I 've been wanting this belt since I 've been watching wrestling again in 2004 . It 's just freaking amazing . I have the WWE Raw Spinner Commemertive belt and this will complete my collection . And if you have this belt and wanting to take out the magnet , just unscrew the belt , take the spinner piece off , take a small fine point screw driver with a hammer and hit it with a good blow . If you have questions on how to do it email me at pastruble@gmail.com
 i love the belt i am in iraq right now so that might have been the reason it took so long to get here its like 7 or 8 pounds but it sounds funny when it spins kind of like scraping sound but outher than that its is a great buy and a lot cheaper than the outher belts and for me it is some thing fun to help keep your mind off being here so now when i go to the many sporting events here i can show up with the us title and talk trash lol
 i got this belt for xmas and this belt is the best thing i got inj a long long time
 I was introduced to Core Performance by my chiropractor , who highly recommended this program as a way to strengthen my back . The program itself is very effective , and if you follow it , you will feel results very quickly . The DVD itself is well-organized , no-frills , and easy to follow . The only thing that I do n't like -- and it 's a small thing -- is that there is virtually no pause between exercises , which means you barely have time to get into position for the next one . This fitness regimen is meant to be done within a specific timeframe , but even keeping that in mind , the transitions between exercises are too fast -LRB- at least for this 44 year old ! -RRB- . Just keep the remote control handy if you need to pause it for a few seconds while you re-position yourself . Despite that , I highly recommend this series . I do n't like a lot of blaring music , overly-done production values , and `` fluff '' in exercise videos
 I 've decided that , as a relatively new runner , that I need to work more on my core fitness . I am also always on the lookout for new things to incorporate into a boot camp class that I teach . My fitness level is high enough that these exercises were n't all that challenging , but I have still spent a couple weeks in levels 1 and 2 before moving up because they will provide a foundation for the higher levels . The exercises are very clearly illustrated and explained . After watching and doing the exercises with the DVD , then you follow the sequence of the same exercises in a set amount of time as laid out on the accompanying card . You will need a fitness band , an exercise ball , and some dumbbells . I have n't tried any other core fitness programs , but I would recommend this one . I 'm looking forward to continuing the programs and increasing my core strength .
 This is the first training DVD I 've ever bought , so I was n't sure what to expect . However I 've been pleasantly surprised ! The exercises are clearly demonstrated , and offer multiple levels -LRB- 1A up to 2D -RRB- . Along with the DVDs , there 's also two color laminated cards that describe the exercises . So you do n't have to re-watch the video every time you exercise.The only slight negative is that I wish they had listed the recommended exercise equipment on the product box , so I would have known to buy that gear at the same time -LRB- knee pad & stretch band -RRB- . No big deal , since I just bought them after watching for the first time . You can do the exercises without that gear , just easier on the body with them ! -LRB- and stretch band adds resistance -RRB-
 I am a personal trainer and I thought this was a well-explained dvd . It is a good introductory dvd w/stretches , foam roller stretches and a few basic exercises to expand upon .
 I have the whole series of DVD 's as well as the books . . i think there some great information there . . however , I 'm not 100 % in agreement with the program design progressions . . As a corrective exercise specialist , I prefer my clients to do their ` Core ' exercises at the end of their training hour . . Additionally , as simple as some of these seem , sedentary clients still need coaching . I have people that ca n't figure out what 90 degrees are without me . . Brett Cohen
 If you never have or have n't recently been doing anything for your body , this is the first of the Core Performance Essentials series and should not be skipped . Mark Verstegen is an experience pro and excellent teacher . The series makes things easy because you are doing 30 minute sessions which start off with stretching and flexibility moves.As someone who is about 30lbs overweight , with a lot of broken and repaired fractures that keep the TSA people wondering , I appreciate being able to move at my own pace as best possible even though the improvements are n't as fast as would be for someone younger than myself.Workout cards showing moves are provided along with the DVD so it 's easy to follow when you cant see your monitor.Easily recommendable , enjoy feeling healthier.The following are the continuation of the same seriesGoFit Core Essentials DVD & Training Card - Level 3GoFit Core Essentials DVD & Training Card - Level 4
 I was a bit hesitant buying a fitted hat online so I made sure to visit a couple of stores to try the fit . Even then hats are n't made of the same mold so it definitely a bit of a gamble . However , the discounted price here made the decision much easier.This particular hat -LRB- Mets blue Authentic on-field -RRB- that I received fits like the other authentic ones I 've tried on in store . Authentics do appear to be differently sized than non-authentic hats . It was packages pretty well , though granted I ordered a bunch of other things so it came in a good sized-box . Hat had all the stickers on it -LRB- Cool base , size , and authentic hologram . -RRB- The hat I got is `` Made in USA '' , which is pretty sought after . However , I have to take a star off the stitching quality of the hat
 Fits like a glove ... its nice one . . i highly recommend this one . . no inferior material or messed up stitching . . this one is a go ...
 This hat is great . Nice fit , nice color , and best of all it really is the same cap the players use on the field . Great for showing mets pride . Very inexpensive but high quality . If you are reading this debating weather to buy it or not just go out and get !
 I am a very satisfied customer . The shipment was received extremely fast ! The hat is in perfect condition . No complaints . Thanks !
 I really like the hat . The size seems to run a little snug . Next time I 'll check the fit in person .
 the product was in mint condition , sealed in a bag . it was also very affordable and cheap for an authentic MLB cap . the quality was in great condition with no harms or scratches done . i highly recommend this product , especially at this unbeatable price .
 I have been shopping for a NY Mets hat for a month , and after going to stores like Lids and Sports Authority and trying out the sizes , I came to Amazon to purchase this cap . This is the authentic cap that the Mets wear on the field . The brim is stiff and looks fresh right off the bat -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . It has a layer of sweat guard on the inside which helps absorb sweat and keep the salt from drying on the outside of the cap . This is a must-have for you Mets fans out there . I wear it proud , even though I 'm in Cardinals country . I have received lots of positive comments when wearing the cap -LRB- with some Cubs and Cards fans talking some friendly smack -RRB- . When I go on trips , it is a must-have item to pack . You never know when you want to protect your noggin from the cold , sun , wind , or just want to show off your Mets pride . Definitely a great investment ...
 This is a good combo set . A decent back and front light . The red rear light is a little tough to get off the quick release , but provides good rear blinking at a close to 180 degree range.The front light has two settings solid on and blinkey on and off . The mounting mechanism is great and easily mounts on almost any size front handle bars . The actual light is very small yet highly visible . The downside will be when you have to replace the batteries , they 're not standard AA or AAA . However , I expect they 'll last for a really long time despite their small size.The front light I got in the mail did not work ! It would only intermediately turn on . However , I RMAed the product through Topeaks website and they sent me a replacement very quickly with minimal annoying pointless questions . I simply sent the bad unit back to them when I got the replacement . I recommend this product .
 This product was easy to install and works pretty well , the light is not as bright as I thought it would be but it does the job . The rear red light has two functions , flash and standard , this feature is pretty cool .
 Lights are small , light weight and easy to put on and take off . But the whitelight is not very bright and reliable , the redlight is just fine . Both are easy to use and the batteries ' life is long .
 The good news is that this is a very small but adequately bright light set for bicycles . The bad news is that the rear light fell off and was lost within five miles of the first time out -LRB- probably my fault , but a disappointment all the same . -RRB- The price is reasonable , not great , but worth it if you are looking for a small light set .
 After years of buying cheap and expensive lights for urban biking , this set is the best solution yet.Small yet sturdy , this allows fellow bikers and other traffic to see me coming !
 Good quality lights for night riding.The headlight is n't really powerful enough to significantly light your way on a dark road , but is very compact and does the job in most situations . The mounting with a rubber strap make it easy to take the light on and off , but also does not adjust once the light is on . For those riders that will leave the light on their bike they might want to look at a different mounting mechanism.The tail light is also compact and VERY bright . For the price you really ca n't beat this combo ...
 I think this is a great set - the lights are small and easy to install -LRB- the rear light easily fits on my Topeak rack -RRB- , but these lights are better for being seen than seeing . That 's great for the rear light
 Very happy so far . My only disappointment was that the rear light did n't fit on my Topeak wire basket very well . It does work , but I wish it fit more securely .
 Easy to install and use . High quality materials . The taillight works great . The headlight is mentioned as `` a be-seen headlight '' in the User 's Guide and I totally agree . It seems to be designed more to be seen than to see . I would only use it as my backup light , not as my primary light . Not bright enough to provide good visibility . For a reasonably priced LED headlight , I 'd recommend Cateye HL-EL530 instead . Then you can use this set for your taillight and since the headlight can be set to blink , as a `` be-seen headlight '' .
 Great little light set . They might not be the best , but for the money , you can not beat them . So compact , there 's always room for them .
 I got mine at a great price . But time will tell if it could last a few years or will start to fall apart and be landfill fodder . The last time I bought one , it was fine the first year , then the next year , it was dead . new battery didnt help . just died from the winter I guess . But this seems well constructed . battery might be expensive to replace . I think it uses litium ion button type .
 I have been using the Hippo XXL utility clubs -LRB- 21degree ,27 degree -RRB- for several weeks now and love them . These two clubs have replaced my long irons and I could n't be happier . I will buy more Hippo products at a later date . These clubs are so easy to hit . Even my miss hits end up being fairly good shots .
 Best twenty-three dollar club I 've ever had . Really though , this is a very high quality hybrid . At any price . Weights and such not really important unless you are less than a 10 handicap and anal .
 quality is high on this club as it looks really good and performs well also . the interchangeable weights and extra weights / torx screw driver , pouch and headcover makes this package great.though a better shaft could have made this club a lot better .
 This grill set is well constructed and makes a great gift for a fan whil enjoys grilling . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I think the price is steep compared to other quality grill sets .
 Great condition and arrived in a timely manner . I have n't used the set yet , so I ca n't comment on how well they work .
 Have used star brite brand for years . Allways have good results with it . The tint is great . Does not change your woodgrain , just brings it out a little more and seems to out last the untinted one that I have used for years .
 The package came very fast . It 's for a baby shower and I think it 's going to be just perfect ! Great Seller !!
 The tacks are a great way to mark your trail so that you can easily get back to your favorite hunting location in complete darkness . Shining a flashlight on them in darkness , provides a well marked dotted line to your spot . Been using them for years . Beware they are illegal in some areas .
 It 's great to find a size small elastic band for the Polar Heart Rate Monitor chest piece . Many retailers sell only the Medium , and tell the customer to adjust the band . This is not a solution , as the elastic band stretches out quickly . Swimming in a chlorinated pool speeds the breakdown of the elastic . I buy three at a time because each band lasts only a few months .
 I have ordered replacement straps for my T31 transmitters for a while now . I swim with my HRM and the chlorine eventually eats the stitching on the straps but these last a fairly long time if I rinse them after each workout .
 Great for heart rate monitor . The size was perfect , and stays on while working out . Definitely recommend for strap for heart rate monitor .
 My treadmill 's polar transmitter came with a size M elastic . The thing was such a nuisance always slipping down . I took to clipping it to my bra with small office clamps ... but that got old . I wear a 36B bra , so I consider myself a medium sized person , but this small size is just perfect for me . I let it out a few inches and it stays up much better and is nice and snug . If you use heart rate monitor `` lube '' you may still slip a little in front , but nothing like before . I bought two just in case they stretch out .
 Now that our teenagers are serious runners who enjoy the elliptical for cross-training , we needed more straps . The small is perfect for our petite daughter and she loves having a strap of her own .
 The product was exactly what I expected it to be and exactly what I wanted . The service was excellent . Very efficient . The seller kept me apprised of every step of the transaction .
 I use it in my sigma heart rate monitor and it fits good utnil now any problem with this , when I bought it I was worry it does n't fit in my watch but it does n't happen
 Mitigates recoil , improves comfort of all-day 12 Gauge use , gel material is solid yet forgiving . Easy installation and worth the price .
 The frisbee arrived faster than I expected and it throws great . I bought it for an environmentally conscious friend and ultimate player and this was exactly what i wanted . It already has gotten lots of use . I would definitely order from this seller again .
 Very nice , heavy frisbee . Would definately buy again in the future . Kids and adults had a great time playing with these and it is a bonus that they are made from recycled materials !
 Purchase for myself and a relative . We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings .
 I waqs looking for this for some time and I put it in my fav 's list and when I decided to buy it it came in just in time for the new season and I am able to show my pride in my team .
 Great little item ... that not only looks good ... but can serve a purpose when you are looking for your vehicle in a crowded parking lot . Great quality that seems to be holding up just fine in the hot Florida sun !
 We bought this helmet a year ago for our 12 year old . We live in Arizona so in the summer , ventilation is important . She LOVES this helmet . It is light , fits nicely and does n't make her head sweat in the summer time . It is nice looking and can be used in shows too . She always gets comments on the helmet because it is so different from everyone elses . Great quality helmet with out the high price tag for a head that is still growing .
 What I like best about this pedometer is the way it looks
 I purchased this bag for my son in 2nd grade because he feels very grown up and did n't want a bag with spiderman and such . It 's great not having to actually carry the heavy books since the bag is wheeled.The bag is good and easy to take with the wheels but there are not enough compartments . Also , there is not a pocket for a water bottle.If it had more compartments and the water bottle pouch it would be perfect for him !
 Very durable , great for relieving kids of carrying heavy backpacks . Highly recommend . Will purchase another one when my son needs one .
 Perfect for the amount of books a children has to take to school those days . Durable and confortable .
 It has been 6 months and the backpack is in great condition . No complains ! Looking forward to last about 2 years or more !
 perfect for getting blanket , firefox , headphones & cell phone to clinic , rolls great - super compartment on front that 's easy to use
 Love my roller bag . Use it for travel and is easy to get around and airport and into the bins . Delivered quite quickly .
 The Jansport Superbreak wheeled backpack is working out to be a fantastic purchase . The backpack was purchased for a 4th grader who now has to haul 2 binders , a math book , a social studies book and 1-2 library books . Along with all of the study materials , a water bottle and lunch bag/cooler fit nicely in the backpack . We stack these items on top of the books & binders with a little room to spare.My 4th grader has a handful of small items in the front pouch such as extra pencils , tissue , notepad , etc.We have had this backpack for a couple of months and the backpack is in great shape . I have owned Jansport backpacks in the past and have never had any problems . I expect this one to last for a very long time.I was a bit reluctant in spending $ 59.99 for a child 's backpack . However , the purchase is well worth it . I would purchase this backpack again if necessary but based on our experience so far , we wo n't need to buy a backpack for a long time . Note to 4th grader
 One of the best book sacs they could ever make , my son really enjoys pulling it and he also have enough of room for his books . Thanks jansport for creating a good sturdy back pac for young kids who carry lots of books .
 Had this backpack for over 3 years now . The only thing that broke off is the bottom strap that has the loop on it for shoulder straps , but since I never carry this bag as a backpack it 's a moot point . It has a lifetime warranty too , so I can get it fixed whenever.The only thing that disappoints me about this bag are the non-replaceable wheels - at least they are not easily replaceable . Mine are about half way worn out and I wanted to swap them out for some used rollerblading wheels that do n't make as much noise - no can do unless you completely disassemble the backpack , and even then , it was an iffy situation , since I was n't sure if the axle 's are rivets or screws .
 I gave this backpack to my grandson for his birthday . He loves it . Plenty of room for all his textbooks and notebooks . Sturdy construction .
 My child has torn up at least 3 rolling bags , I finally sprung for this one and it was well worth it . He likes it better than the others and it is definetly more durable . A great buy , you wo n't regret it .
 Nice stuff ... with good storage space and very useful to carry heavy laptops and work folders ... Larger than a common backpack
 We used to play with this bat using tennis ball and had no problem . It works great . The package came with 2 tennis balls -LRB- which are too good -RRB- , we enjoyed playing using them in a basket ball court and had no problem . Dont know about hard ball though.It also came with a very small cute bat -LRB- miniature of the real one -RRB- . You may give that one to kids to play indoor ... sweet.Not too tall so may not be great enough for tall people ...
 It 's cute ... does it 's job ... received in perfect condition ... not much more to say ... a perfect accessory for the Colts mobile ! Daughter loved it .
 Was nice to have the extra cushion while wearing fins . We were snorkeling in Jamaica and found the socks kept our feet comfortable even after hours of snorkeling . Worked fine in hot climate . All week I never used my fins without the socks .
 This is something all shooters would need if you want to compete seriously . . Very simple to setup/operate . . very light and durable .
 The sleveless t-shirt from UA really assists with workouts , especially lifting weights , and running.The sweat soaks through to the front of the t-shirt and you do n't feel you are sweating.It also is very snug on the body and supports the muscle group involved in the movement when lifting.This material technology has been missing for a long time , and it truely assists everyone with their exercise regiment .
 It fits perfectly and I bought it because my boyfriend loves the team and I wanted to show my support . I love that it 's so feminine !
 IMO , this brand is the best designed , made , and quality jig to be had on the market , bar none . The detail in the painting , the highly reflective eyes , the genuine bucktail , and finally the lazer-sharpened Gamakatsu brand hooks all add up to arguably the most effective swimming minnow jig to be seen in years.These lures , when used alone or tipped with a trailer such as Gulp ! , account for at least a many summer flounder as live bait along the Northeast Coast , especially in N.J. Though many colours are offered and effective , the white seems to be the # 1 choice for the nearshore and surf fisherman . Due to the design of the head and placement of the hook 's eye , this lure can be fished just below the surface witha rapid retrieve , or throughout the water column . For those fish that are bottom feeders , the retrieve and rod tip are worked slower . The lure is moved in slower spurts -LRB- to a crawl , if necessary -RRB- over the bottom until a strike is acheived.Once the species of fish is determined , the water column and action are adjustedaccordingly
 as i stated in the title , this is a wonderful sac . i was simply amazed after playing with it for a few hours after it delivered . but then , i had been using cheap bead-filled sacs and even one i stitched up using felt -LRB- yeah , it wore down after just a couple of days . -RRB- so it 's pretty obvious i 'm not any sort of hacky-pro . i 'm just one of those kids that kicks it around for fun . although , i have noticed though that very small amounts of sand will seap out every now and then with this sac , so it 'll wear out eventually , but i would still purchase this sac over any others i 've ever seen or played with .
 Fast shipping , as advertised . Bought a couple for Christmas . These are nice and heavy and work very well . Hope my child does n't grow up to play this instead of studying like I did in college !
 I wanted a hackie sack to play with my frieds at hocky or at school somtimes even all in all met my needs
 Bought 4 of these about four weeks ago . My boys have been using them almost every day . So far we have not noticed any quality issues , and they seem to be well made .
 I bought three of these footage to use at work during downtime . They are a bit pricey , but very high quality , I purchased them primarily to practice juggling . They work excellent for juggling -LRB- I am just an amateur -RRB- and excellent for hacks sack . Everyone always wants to borrow them because they are so awesome .
 We just received this , so its durability is still `` to be seen '' , but overall it seems like a perfect hacky sack . Mine was exactly as shown in picture . And , the fill volume seems just right , while also not losing any of its contents during initial couple hours of use -LRB- again , the longer term durability has not yet been established -RRB- . Certainly not bad for the 10 buck price point ...
 We use this twice a day at work for about 15 minutes at a time . We have all skill levels and many who try to `` toe serve '' the footbag by stomping it * wince * . After a year of daily use , there are NO leaks and the logo is still visible . Other than being a bit dirty , it 's just like new . I 'm going to pick up a couple more so I do n't have to remember to bring it to work every day.On the technical side , this is a really easy bag to stall . I like the extra weight because I tend to kick pretty hard . You can do advanced tricks with this bag , no problem . As others have said , once you 're used to the weight , you probably wo n't buy anything else .
 However , the picture was deceiving . I thought I was ordering a pack of 12 , only to receive 1 . I was quite disappointed at the misleading advertisement .
 great product . so much better than those crochet bead filled hacky sacks . My teen loves it and I am orderng more of them
 Nice product for the kids to play with . Would buy again . Received on time as promised . Cheap but fun to play .
 Good quality and just the right amount of sand make it easy to stall and fun to play with . I approve of this hack .
 This footbag comes out of the box in a beautifully crafted 24 pannel soccerball style compilation . It 's soft felt does n't need to be broken in like a hemp footbag so it 's ready to use out of the box . I have purchased 15 of these in my lifetime and they have all been great . They are filled with sand and easy to control . Soooooooo good .
 I picked this `` SandMaster Footbag '' because of all the good reviews I read on it . It was a surprise gift for my 17 year old son at Christmas . He was delighted with it ... could n't wait to show the fellows ! He had been used to playing with ` lighter ' hackey sacks -LRB- that 's what they call them in Arkansas -RRB- . After he played with it for awhile , he said there was no going back to the lighter -LRB- less in weight -RRB- ones . He 's become very good with it . My only complaint was that I did not have a choice in color , and they sent us a light tan and white one . Boys play outside . My son would highly recommend the `` Sandmaster Footbag '' .
 my husband owns this bag and my daughter kept taking his so i had to get her one ... she loves it !!!
 I have accumulated several sandmaster footbags and it is by far my favourite bag to freestyle and group kick with . This bag tends to leak a little upon first use or within the first few weeks . It 's easy to fix the leaks with needle and string . The fabric is the best , making the bag incredibly easy to stall . DO NOT let anyone ` toe-up ' the bag as that will quickly tear a hole in the fabric . I 've had to sew my sandmasters many times because of idiots that decide ` toe-upping ' the bag is a great trick . Do n't do it to this bag , or any bag for that matter because it weakens the stitching as well , thus shortening the lifespan of the bag.I 'm not sure if toe-upping is a well known term so I 'll elaborate . Toe-upping the footbag is the same as rolling the toes of your foot backward across a soccer ball , then kicking forward to launch the ball to another person .
 Sandmasters pretty much dominate every other hacky sack . They are really soft and heavy . So they are great for stalls and are really satisfying to hit . The only thing is they leak sand pretty bad after a while . But they are still great while they last .
 I 've owned 2 other hacky sacks -LRB- one of those beanie ones and a i think whamo hacky sack -RRB- before buying this one . Please note that i was HORRIBLE at hacky sacking . I could n't even kick it 3 times in a row before dropping it . I was hesitant when i saw this because of the price , but i 'm glad i bought it . I 've gotten a lot better because of this hacky sack . Very easy to hit and stall . Filled perfectly . And I 'd say it 's pretty durable . It might be a bit hard to clean , but nothing too dramatic . =] -RSB-
 This hack is the best i have ever used . though it is the only one i use it is the best . i will continue to use this hacky sack and it will be the only one i use . and anyone that says sandmaster sucks as a hack than they suck as a player . Thats the bottom line because i said so .
 I know that i have n't got it yet , but if you could please send me the hacky sack that is orange grey and black i would greatly appreciate it ... thank you very much i use my red and black sandmaster every day . this product is amazing .
 My friend got one of these a couple of weeks ago , I liked it so much that I just ordered one for myself . This bag is a bit larger than other hacky sacks I 've used . At first I was a little unsure about that , and the weight also . It is substantially heavier than other hacky sacks . But that 's what makes this one so much better . Its size and weight put together allow for really great control , and after using this and grabbing my other -LRB- much lighter and smaller -RRB- hacky sack , I found myself hitting it too hard , and it would just flop around all over the place . Once you play with this for a little while , you will really like it and probably wo n't want to use any other type of hacky sack again .
 Ok . Sand hacky sacks are the bomb no matter how you slice it . People that whine about the selection , hacky sacks are expensive 13 dollars for 12 ? NO WAY . AND IT SAYS ASSORTED COLORS . You get a random color . Luck of the draw , mine was red and black and I 've had this for a long time , I 'm rough with mine and so is my buddy who has a grey one , we hacky all the time.Sand is great for stalling and hacky in general , keep these away from water , the sand will clump . And always , ALWAYS know better then to let someone whos a bad hacker play , if you 're new get a beaded one these are big deals to lose . I let someone play and they busted mine trying to break it in , thinking stomping on it would loosen sand . -LRB- ProTip ; Sand is loose already . -RRB- Great product , only con is the assorted color .
 I 've bought a few of these in my life -LRB- more than I can count -RRB- . And this particular brand of footbag have been good . Seems after you get them wet though , they start to leak . Otherwise , they have been great and have held up well.Peace and Jive
 I have had this footbag for about six months now and it is still in tact and all the sand still remains within the soft suede exterior . As I said before , the outside is very soft and double layared with a synthesized suede material . The material along with just the right amount of sand inside of the SandMaster Footbag makes it the best footbag I have ever hacked with . It is very easy to stall anywhere and easy to kick around at any skill level . Enjoy .
 Likely the best I 've owed , a must buy ! Proper size , perfectly filled , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The footbags are small , and you can not select specific colors . However , my boys love their footbags . They have had cheaper `` hacky sacs '' in the past and they were so excited about this one . They say they can now do tricks with their friends . I notice when the boys gather to play , they always use my sons ' bags .
 If you want to improve your hacking abilities i recommend buying this footbag . These are the only hacky sacs Iv ' e used since highshool . Other hacky sacs with the beads in them are awful , a waste of you time . This hack has the weight you need and the control that will make you spludge yourself . It may take some getting used to if your used to the bead ones but once you get the feel for it you will never look back .
 I bought this for my nephew for his 7th birthday . It 's a must for any future soccer player . Not hard to put together but comes apart when moved -LRB- but how often do you have to move it -RRB- . All his friends come over and practice making goals . It was a good investment . I just wish I had got one when my boys started soccer .
 Great for your kids to learn on . Sturdy / light . Would definitely pick this product for all young soccer players .
 My kids -LRB- 5,3 and 2 -RRB- love playing soccer with this goal . You can assemble in a few minutes . My kids are n't strong kickers so I do n't know about it tipping over . My husband kicked into it a couple of time and all it did was move back a little . I would differently recommend it for beginners .
 I got this for my 3 year old grandson , thinking he will enjoy it for many years and can play with older visitors . He loves the big guy aspect and has invented several games of his own . It arrived quicky and seems easy to assemble and well made for what it is .
 This is a great thing if you like a frequently broken thing , which comeswith some cheap extra stuff .
 I got the seat post right away and installed it . I 'm glad I did because it is a very well made and good looking seat post . It is made of a very sturdy but light material and it is machined and polished very nicely . I would buy another one if I needed one .
 I shopped around to improve on my Celestron 65mm scope . I was looking into mid-priced scopes - no more than $ 500 . I came across two internet articles by professional scope viewers who enthusiastically recommended this Alpen scope . I was surprised at how well it was rated given that it does n't use specialized glass nor expensive coatings . It uses BAK-4 glass and fully multi-coated optics , however , and they rate it as high as some scopes costing twice as much.I really like this scope . I use it on a mid-priced Manfrotto tripod with a trigger-gun head for easy viewing . I 'm a bit particular and will someday move up again to a high-end scope , but in the meantime I have no regrets over this scope . While others claim that their views at 60X are every bit as clear and detailed as at 45X , I can not agree . I find that the maximum `` sweet spot '' is about 50X . That is to say , the view at 50X is as good as at a lower zoom setting . Above 50X and the view necessarily dims a bit . On clear days that 's no problem and maxing out the zoom was fine . But if there 's shade or high humidity , maximum zoom will only magnify it.The other day I was viewing some waterfowl on a lake about 100 yards away . It was a warm day with mid-level humidity . When I zoomed out to 60X , I could n't fine focus the birds since the scope magnified the heat waves from the humidity . Backing down a bit helped . I also had the opportunity of viewing birds at about 60 yards with a Kowa scope . I admit the Kowa presented a terrific view . My Alpen did n't match it but it came close . But then again , the Kowa cost over 4 times as much!Bottom Line
 After researching several different brands this spotting scope from Alpen Optics is the best value I have found.The optical quality is exceptional , fully multi-coated with long eye relief of 18-19mm . the large 80mm objective lens allows for clear bright viewing at dusk and dawn yet the size and weight are comfortable for the backpacking I do.The Tripod includes fine adjustments for both windage and elevation.Check the quality of other brands at this price and you 'll see why Outdoor Life magazine gave this scope their Great Buy award .
 I had been looking for a decent affordable scope for birding for years -LRB- meaning under $ 1000 , ideally under $ 500 -RRB- . With all the other ones in this price range that I had tried in stores , the image got very dark and the field of view very small when I zoomed in , making the zoom feature pretty useless . Then I read a good review of this scope on -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- it was rated best of the mid-priced scopes they tested -RRB- and decided to give it a try . I was very pleasantly surprised at the image quality and brightness , and the eye relief -LRB- ability to see the whole field when using glasses -RRB- is good until you zoom in to about 40X -LRB- this is common in scopes -RRB- . The image is still bright and sharp at 60X . Recently I was able to identify some ducks using 60X that were so far away I could barely see them with my naked eye , and while looking at some Canada geese that were about 900 feet away -LRB- across 3 sports fields , using 60X -RRB- I was able to see and identify a bluebird that was on the ground near them , with the blue back and reddish breast clearly visible . There is a slight bit of purple fringing on the edges of objects , especially at 60X , but it 's not very noticeable . I have tried digiscoping once and it worked well , even under completely overcast skies .
 This is my first spotting scope , and although I have no prior experience with one , I am very happy with the Alpen 20-60x80 overall . I had been using 10X50 binoculars as an amateur birdwatcher and did n't realize until now how much more visual close up the spotting scope provides.I wear glasses and like the eye relief which allows me to use the scope without having to remove them -LRB- with my binoculars , I always had to remove them -RRB- . In fact , the large eye relief allowed me to hold my cell phone camera up to it and take a picture . It came out pretty good . The Alpen 20-60x80 specs are accurate and should be well understood so as not to expect more or less for this instrument . I was very impressed with the well made desk-top tripod that came with the scope . Also , the scope was packaged with great care and came in a soft carry case.I did a simple test of the scope using a target at 215 feet away with the scope set at 60X . The basketball-sized object filled the field of view at about 75-80 % . I was pleased with the closeness and clarity -LRB- late afternoon sun light -RRB- . Because I am not a serious user of a spotting scope , I could not justify buying a more expensive one . But I did n't want to spend less money on a cheaper scope and have it lack what the Alpen 20-60x80 provides.I feel I got more than my monies worth .
 I am very happy with my purchase of this scope -- I have been birding for a while now , and had just decided to take that big step and get my first spotting scope . While I did n't want to pay a lot of money to get a really high end scope , I still wanted to use my money wisely and find a mid-priced scope worth buying . After reading several reviews for scopes on the web , I decided to give this one a try . And am I ever happy I did ! This scope offers good viewing , the magnification works well , and the views are comparable to some of my other birding friends ' who are using scopes that cost 3x as much . Now I can finally see and identify all the ducks even if they are all the way on the other side of the lake !
 I 'm a beginner when it comes to scopes but I knew that in order to get a decent scope I had to spend a little money . This scope is worth every penny imo . From minimum to maximum magnification and anywhere in between , this scope has no weaknesses . It 's as simple as using binoculars but with a much much greater viewing range . I 'm really looking forward to using this scope . On a side note , if you 're going to spend the money on a nice scope like this one , then I would recommend spending a little extra on a nice tripod to go with it . I tried to save a little money on a cheap tripod for it and I was disappointed how it worked out . I later bought a SLIK tripod and it gave me much more stability and a nice fluid motion for viewing . The small tripod that comes with this scope is very nice however .
 This scope has very good optic which only shows signs of blurring at very high magnifications . The overall construction is very good and should last a very long time . The included tripod is good if you are viewing from a suitable platform , but I purchased a full size tripod . The scope was packaged well and shipped promptly . I am very happy with this scope and it is a good value for the price .
 Great scope and service from the Alpen headquarters . The tripod supplied with the scope had a screw which had been cross threaded not allowing the scope to be mounted to the tripod . One call to Alpen and and a replacement was mailed immediately . Nice to have good timely service .
 Just back from first birding adventure on the Samish flats , here in Skagit County . Even though the day was dreary and overcast the scope picked up nice images of Great Blue Heron at maximum distance .
 What a great deal and the distance and clarity of this spotting scope is unreal . Yes I know the crystal makers , make the best ones . For the money and with 80mm opening for light , this provides details at even low light .
 After researching many brands and models , I chose this one based upon online reviews and those of several friends . I have n't had a chance to use it in the field but once . I am pleased with it .
 Great spotting scope . Definitely not the best and the brightest glass but for the money spent it 's much more than acceptable . Great deal !
 This scope was ordered after reading over a hundred reviews for various scopes . The scope arrived within 48 hours and I used it at Myakka State Park to identify Green and Blue-winged Teal at over 400 yards . Herons , Egrets , Limpkins , Hawks , Eagles , Osprey , etc. have never looked so clear to me . Over 20 other birders tried the scope and all were favorably impressed . This scope does NOT have ED or Fluoride glass but is quite bright with better clarity than I expected . It weighs only 56oz. , has a strong durable body , is fogproof/waterproof , has sunscreens at each end , is able to rotate within the tripod ring , and is comfortable to use while wearing glasses . Buying this scope was a no-brainer . I paid only $ 300 for this heavily discounted scope at Amazon - most scopes selling for $ 1200-5000 ARE clearer at higher magnifications -LRB- 50-60x -RRB- , but they 're not 4 to 10 times better in my opinion . The included tripod would work for target shooting but a birder will need a taller , sturdy tripod . The included nylon case does protect the scope but you 'd be better off upgrading to a see thru case which can be used on the tripod and is more easily carried . Alpen sells these as well .
 my father has a similar leupold model and this is clearer , easier to adjust , and eyeglass friendly as well . quality tripod with micro adjustments as well . it would still be a good buy if it was $ 100 more than it is .
 This thing is big ! But what I would expect with an 80mm lens.Pro : * Decent light gathering . * Controls are smooth , especially focus . Which means you 're not moving the scope alot to get it set . * Very nice rotation ring allows rotation of eyepiece to a comfortable position without needing a tripod head to be able to do it . * Good eye relief . * Simple effective eye relief adjustment . * Securely fitting lens caps . Front screws on , eye piece cap is friction fit.Con : * Cheap tripod , pretty much useless . I already have a nice tripod , so not a big deal to me . * Cheap zipper on carrying bag * Chromatic aberration at higher zoom.I 'd rather have the money spent on a nicer bag with maybe a form fitted foam to protect the scope . My friends and I really enjoy this scope . It is not small and portable . I would n't want to do alot of bushwacking with frequent setup and breakdown but if you are going to a range or setting up an observation point , this is a relatively inexpensive choice . You can pay 5-10 times as much for a top-notch scope with these glass and zoom specs , but I would n't unless I used this weekly or professionally . I would definitely purchase again .
 Gift for someone who loves viewing various activities on the mountains-especially rock climbers . It appears well made . I was happy to see that a lens cap was provided for both ends was included with it . To my eye the viewing was sharp and clear at all magnifications . We are very pleased with this scope .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my Father . He is an avid outdoorsman and has recently taken up amateur bird watching , mostly done from the front porch . The scope may also find some use in target checking when sighting in rifles . So far he really likes it , and I trust his opinion as he has a lot of experience with using optics in the field . We could see the hairs growing up off treetop moss from hundreds of yards away . You do need to keep your eye at different distances to the viewfinder depending on the level of zoom you are using , but every scope I have tried works that way . All in all , I would recommend it .
 This scope is certainly sufficient for most terrestrial applications . The optics seem quite good producing a sharp image , especially on low power setting . On max power it is n't so much but that is to be expected on most scopes of this range . For the money , I 'm not disappointed .
 The first one sent to me looked like an open box item and it had spots all inside the lens -LRB- why it was returned the first time ? -RRB- Amazon sent out a NEW one over night and the second one works GREAT . You could spend dubble and still not get as nice of a scope ! Just what I was looking for . Also ordered the cover and it fits perfect .
 I have used it twice side by side with others high price spotting scopes and saw pretty much the same quality images . I do wish the lens cover have some sort of attachment onto the scope . Over all it is a very good purchase .
 The product delivers performance , simple to use yet the tripod seems a bit tricky.It takes some time to get familiar with.A word of advice , if you plan to purchase a spotting scope please ensure you understand the product 's description .
 Great shorts . Good quality and workmanship , long lasating , have not faded much in two years since I purchased . Also lots of pockets !!!
 I have more of a boyish figure where waist and hips are very similar in measurements . I do better buying men 's shorts like this that have a short inseam , and a bit of stretch and no hips . When I buy woman 's shorts to match my waist they are way too large in the hips . I have a twin brother and am built more like him . I have always been that way.These are great shorts for men and for women of my ilk -LRB- thicker in the waist and small hips -RRB- . I bought the indigo a year ago and have just bought the sage recently . Tough , durable and very comfortable . I like them for my summer ventures .
 I live in southern california and when it is warm or hot I find these shorts great for outdoor activities.I have a jeep , and when climbing into my jeep other pants or shorts bind in the crotch , these shorts do n't bind and are much more comfortable . I have just replaced my first 2 with another 2 pair after about 2 years of frequent use . I enjoy all of the pockets .
 So now I have three pairs in each color - perfect combination of secure pockets , D ring and side pocket . I wear them every day during the year at work in a job requiring me to handle handyman , 40 acres of landscaping , sports equipment repair , event management , and parking operations . Very demanding and they hold up great . I have my full set of 40 keys in the front left pocket attached to the D ring , in the secure left front I have a leatherman and tie wraps and some duct tape wrapped around a Sharpie , back left is business cards , front right is miscellaneous -LRB- typically a tool or a currency pouch , in the front right with the secure velcro is my SmartWallet , and the side pouch is my ever ready iPhone . I live and die with these pants - wishing I could get some set up with long pants for winter . Any ideas?Dave
 The quality is Good , the service is good . I will recommend it to my friendsI am very satisfied
 Plenty of room . Fits very well and true to cut . Perfect short if you need that extra room in the butt and thighs .
 I have owned and wore out several pair of these and have two that were just bought this year . I like everything about them . Good material , nice sized pockets , outer pockets with velcro closures , elastic around the waist to cinch in a bit but give you room to move , wide enough belt loops , a zippered back pocket , and a small utility pocket that is open at the top perfect for anything from a crescent wrench to a cell phone . I just hope they keep making them for years .
 The item looks quite practical , with large pockets , and very resistant , and should last quite a long time . Will get another pair !
 Very comfortable and durable shorts . I bought several pair of these shorts and wear them constantly . I recommend them highly .
 I 've owned a few pairs of these shorts over the last few years and they are by far the best i 've ever worn . They are made very sturdy , comfortable and have a very good feel to them . Stylish enough to wear out for the evening or cutting grass , you will love these shorts . They are sized slightly on the larger size so keep that in mind if you buy .
 I got those Australian bush pants , the cargo pouches so large that I can stuff live chickens in there . Both pairs soon became threadbare after prolonged use . Luckily I found similar ones with Colombia Brewha shorts . They are large enough to hold a P&S camera or handheld GPS . A small pocket in front on both sides would hold loose change and bills . Its left rear pocket is zipped in case you need to feel secure . The right rear pocket has an elastic opening which fit any tools which wo n't break if you sit on it . I bought 3 and wore them on my recent trip to Thailand . Got soaking wet due to torrential rains so its not ideal for wet seasons . Colombia used to make quick dry ones with thick ripstop synthetic materials but not anymore .
 These Columbia Brewha shorts are among my very favorite knock-around shorts . These are suitable for boating , fishing , knocking around town on nice days , or going to the Yacht Club . They are very well-made , with the pockets in the right places without looking overly utilitarian . The fabric in these shorts has a pleasing , substantial feel while still managing to be light and comfortable . I have bought numerous pair and wear them often . I have worn these while vacationing in Hawaii , boating along the California coast , hanging around California beach towns , and to nice California casual restaurants , and they always make a fine impression and are comfortable besides . Highly recommended . RJB .
 I practically live in these , and I have 5 pairs . The zipper is a little weak ; the pull tab can break off , and button can pop off if you 're too fat for the size you 're wearing . 1 pair should last 2-4 years .
 These are by far my favorite shorts . Long wearing , comfortable with very usable pockets . Especially like the water bottle pocket which also works for other things like phones , tools , etc. . Zippered pockets in the back and two cargo pockets withvery good velcro for security . Highly recommend .
 I am going to purchase more of these . I do not like the long inseams on shorts and the length on these are perfect . I purchased like four pair many years ago and they are now fraid around the bottom of the pants leg I have worn them so much . They have been long lasting and comfortable .
 I liked these so much , I bought a second pair . Quality material and stitching . A small pistol can be easily concealed in the cargo pockets .
 Great shorts ! They wash well . Roomy comfortable fit and they manage to look pretty nice too ! On the shorter side but not too bad . My husband has a 31-32 inch inseam and they are not '' short shorts ''
 I 've bought four pair of these shorts this summer . They feel good , fit the way I like them , and have great pockets . First the fit
 I wish they were a little cheaper , but a fantastic product !! I bought 2 pair and mynson wants every color now .
 Excellent Tire . Was able to get 1500 - 2000 miles before high-point on tire wore down to a flat surface . When I switched to this tire I noticed a slight improvement in performance as well . Highly Recommended .
 Very good tire . When used on the rear tire , it typically lasts 1500 to 2000 miles before replacement .
 My husband uses this as an exercise mat . After daily use they do eventually get a big airbubble in them , so he needs to replace them , but he likes this particular mat so I was glad we found it here . We were unable to find it in the store because camping season was over .
 I got those Australian bush pants , the cargo pouches so large that I can stuff live chickens in there . Both pairs soon became threadbare after prolonged use . Luckily I found similar ones with Colombia Brewha shorts . They are large enough to hold a P&S camera or handheld GPS . A small pocket in front on both sides would hold loose change and bills . Its left rear pocket is zipped in case you need to feel secure . The right rear pocket has an elastic opening which fit any tools which wo n't break if you sit on it . I bought 3 and wore them on my recent trip to Thailand . Got soaking wet due to torrential rains so its not ideal for wet seasons . Colombia used to make quick dry ones with thick ripstop synthetic materials but not anymore .
 These Columbia Brewha shorts are among my very favorite knock-around shorts . These are suitable for boating , fishing , knocking around town on nice days , or going to the Yacht Club . They are very well-made , with the pockets in the right places without looking overly utilitarian . The fabric in these shorts has a pleasing , substantial feel while still managing to be light and comfortable . I have bought numerous pair and wear them often . I have worn these while vacationing in Hawaii , boating along the California coast , hanging around California beach towns , and to nice California casual restaurants , and they always make a fine impression and are comfortable besides . Highly recommended . RJB .
 I practically live in these , and I have 5 pairs . The zipper is a little weak ; the pull tab can break off , and button can pop off if you 're too fat for the size you 're wearing . 1 pair should last 2-4 years .
 I am going to purchase more of these . I do not like the long inseams on shorts and the length on these are perfect . I purchased like four pair many years ago and they are now fraid around the bottom of the pants leg I have worn them so much . They have been long lasting and comfortable .
 I liked these so much , I bought a second pair . Quality material and stitching . A small pistol can be easily concealed in the cargo pockets .
 Great shorts ! They wash well . Roomy comfortable fit and they manage to look pretty nice too ! On the shorter side but not too bad . My husband has a 31-32 inch inseam and they are not '' short shorts ''
 I 've bought four pair of these shorts this summer . They feel good , fit the way I like them , and have great pockets . First the fit
 I wish they were a little cheaper , but a fantastic product !! I bought 2 pair and mynson wants every color now .
 I 've owned a few pairs of these shorts over the last few years and they are by far the best i 've ever worn . They are made very sturdy , comfortable and have a very good feel to them . Stylish enough to wear out for the evening or cutting grass , you will love these shorts . They are sized slightly on the larger size so keep that in mind if you buy .
 Great shorts . Good quality and workmanship , long lasating , have not faded much in two years since I purchased . Also lots of pockets !!!
 I have more of a boyish figure where waist and hips are very similar in measurements . I do better buying men 's shorts like this that have a short inseam , and a bit of stretch and no hips . When I buy woman 's shorts to match my waist they are way too large in the hips . I have a twin brother and am built more like him . I have always been that way.These are great shorts for men and for women of my ilk -LRB- thicker in the waist and small hips -RRB- . I bought the indigo a year ago and have just bought the sage recently . Tough , durable and very comfortable . I like them for my summer ventures .
 I live in southern california and when it is warm or hot I find these shorts great for outdoor activities.I have a jeep , and when climbing into my jeep other pants or shorts bind in the crotch , these shorts do n't bind and are much more comfortable . I have just replaced my first 2 with another 2 pair after about 2 years of frequent use . I enjoy all of the pockets .
 So now I have three pairs in each color - perfect combination of secure pockets , D ring and side pocket . I wear them every day during the year at work in a job requiring me to handle handyman , 40 acres of landscaping , sports equipment repair , event management , and parking operations . Very demanding and they hold up great . I have my full set of 40 keys in the front left pocket attached to the D ring , in the secure left front I have a leatherman and tie wraps and some duct tape wrapped around a Sharpie , back left is business cards , front right is miscellaneous -LRB- typically a tool or a currency pouch , in the front right with the secure velcro is my SmartWallet , and the side pouch is my ever ready iPhone . I live and die with these pants - wishing I could get some set up with long pants for winter . Any ideas?Dave
 Plenty of room . Fits very well and true to cut . Perfect short if you need that extra room in the butt and thighs .
 I have owned and wore out several pair of these and have two that were just bought this year . I like everything about them . Good material , nice sized pockets , outer pockets with velcro closures , elastic around the waist to cinch in a bit but give you room to move , wide enough belt loops , a zippered back pocket , and a small utility pocket that is open at the top perfect for anything from a crescent wrench to a cell phone . I just hope they keep making them for years .
 The item looks quite practical , with large pockets , and very resistant , and should last quite a long time . Will get another pair !
 Very comfortable and durable shorts . I bought several pair of these shorts and wear them constantly . I recommend them highly .
 These are by far my favorite shorts . Long wearing , comfortable with very usable pockets . Especially like the water bottle pocket which also works for other things like phones , tools , etc. . Zippered pockets in the back and two cargo pockets withvery good velcro for security . Highly recommend .
 I first saw this game on tv . One of the shopping channels had some adults and kids playing it during a football products show.I 'm glad I got to see it live . I would never have known how fun this game is , had I not seen it in action . It is very easy to learn and lots of fun to play . All ages can enjoy it and all ages can play together.The only negative is the aweful plastic smell when you take the field matt out of the tube it comes in . Just air it out for a day and it helps . Do n't let the smell stop you from enjoying the game.Lots of fun . Anyone can play it . Recovering from back surgery and I can play it too !
 The best thing about this product is that you do n't have to worry about your whole house smelling like solvent after you clean a single gun , or let alone three . For me that was a big selling point . It 's also nice that the bottle is a spray bottle ahead of time . Saved me some effort there.If you want something just as strong as Hoppes other solvent but without the funky wife-annoying fumes , get this . It 's worth the cost .
 Wow , so they do have this cleaner in bigger bottle . I will clean my guns more often and pour this 32 ounce into the 8 oz bottle in the future . For people who bought this they must used the 8 oz Elite gun cleaner before , and all know how good this cleaner is . Cleans better than all other cleaner , and no smell at all , and it does n't grease or lubricate , so you best combo this with Hoppe 's Gun Oil with T3 afterward .
 This is a great solvent for cleaning guns . I have the smaller bottle and with how much i shoot and clean it only made sense to get this big 32oz cleaner to refill the smaller spray bottle .
 Always used Hoppes to clean my guns . First time I tried this spray bottle version of hoppes and will continue to do so . Cleans better and the best is it is odorless .
 Great product and in a large bottle so you do n't have to buy the little bottles over and over again .
 This stuff is great . It does n't smell toxic/No fumes . It is also safe for polymer framed guns . No need to worry about over spray damaging other parts of your gun .
 I was hesitant to use Hoppe 's Elite after being satisfied with Hoppe 's # 9 . But Elite works BETTER without the nasty stink and complaints from the wife . I 'm very satisfied with the performance of Hoppe 's Elite and it will replace Hoppes # 9 in my cleaning equipment .
 Purchased this to clean several of my guns . Some freshly fired , some that had been fired and sat for a while.The main reason I liked this is it came in a non aerosol spray bottle . The smell is n't bad from this at all and it does an excellent job of cleaning all components of my guns .
 The biggest reason why I bought this is because I read it had low fumes and low odor to the point you could clean your guns anywhere and the misses wo n't freak out . It 's true , this stuff has only a little light odd -LRB- but not unpleasant -RRB- smell when you 're up close to it , but that 's it . No odor is n't entirely true , but the odor that is there is as negligible as any average household product/item odor , even less so . No tearing either or harshness on the eyes like other cleaners often do.This stuff also cleans all my guns thoroughly and quickly . It breaks down gunk much better than Hoppe 's No. 9 does . And the more I use it , the faster my guns clean . They do n't seem to dirty like they did when I was cleaning with no. 9 . I shot my Beretta PX4 9mm 250 rounds in a single day at an outdoor all day shoot . The gun seemed to have attracted and kept less grime than even 100 rounds before . I understand now why they claim with continued use it can speed cleaning time up to 80 % . Important tip
 I prefer these nylon brushes and they seem to do just as good a job as the bronze type . The nylon is very stiff and I do n't worry about them scratching bore or cylinders .
 I have used alot of bike carriers , and without a doubt , this is this best one yet . Well made , with heavy gauge steel construction . Very easy to mount the bikes onto it , and the bikes stay securely in place . The best carrier for the most reasonable price .
 Well I Bought This Bike even tho I read some Of the Bad Reviews that people Left And I must Say I was Very Pleased Im not sure what kind of bikes these other people have but I have a Schwinn Avenue hybrid my Wife has a Ladys Schwinn and my son has a dirt bike and this is perfect for me and not alot of money im very pleased and im sure alot of others are as well they just did not leave a Review .
 This is a great bike rack ! It does n't wiggle or rattle , and it 's easy to use . It 's a bit heavy , but for the most part , it 's very easy to use !
 Bought this bike rack and it works perfect . Amazon was running it on a deal so I like that I got it for even cheaper than it was originally posted . My only complaint is that if your bike is n't shaped just so the bike sits a bit funny on the rack . It still works but you have to secure it from a bar that fits into the plate .
 Cheaper than we could find in any sporting goods stores or even Walmart . Easy to assemble , very sturdy , minimal wobble .
 Just used this for the first time . Took 4 bikes on a 4 hour trip and it passed with flying colors . I really like the 1 point -LRB- ~ 6 '' actually -RRB- hanging point that others were concerned with . Pretty easy to find a secure spot to load each bike even with my wife and daughters bikes that do not have a perfectly straight middle bar but have slight angles . I do n't think the two arm versions would have been able to hold my daughters smaller bike.Unit is pretty solid and I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 I bought two of these parachutes ; one for my daughter and one as a gift . They have been a big hit . Kids come up with great uses for the parachute beyond the play pictured on the box . The parachutes make great forts to hide in and when draped over a window they give a room a bright and colorful glow that kids love . We have also used the parachute as a picnic blanket and strung it in trees to provide shade . You ca n't miss buying this parachute and Amazon.com 's price is great . I have seen the same item go for over $ 40.00 on ebay . My kids are 3 and 4 and I forsee that they will be playing with their parachute for a long , long time yet . Loving our parachutes !
 My three-yr-old daughter LOVES this ! -LRB- So do I. -RRB- And when one of her little friends comes to play , it keeps them busy for ages . This gets the highest fun recommendation .
 This parachute is the hit of the party , playdate , or just an afternoon in the yard . My two little girls grew up at gymboree classes and love having their own parachute . They have hours of fun whenever we pull it out . The parachute is durable and can be machine washed . It packs up small into its own duffle bag . A great item to keep in the trunk of the car in case you end up at a park or somebody 's yard with no playground equipment .
 I tried to determine the size of this parachute prior to purchase . I guessed it would be 10 feet by the amazon pictures that I compared with the Pacific Tent pictures/literature . The Playchute arrived today . It is 10 feet as I expected and it 's just the size I was looking for !
 This is truly a great product . . Children of all ages and sizes love running under the parachute or bouncing a beach ball on top , even the grown ups love it . . Also it is grest for setting boundries for the children to help keep them seated during parties or just everday activities ... best of all we have found that if it does get alittle dirty . . we just toss it in the tub with woolite and cool water and within 20 minutes its dry and right back in its carrying case ... It `` s the BEST
 I bought this for my 4 year old son and 1 year old daughter , and they both love it ! Hey , I love it ! It 's a portable bag of instant fun for kids and adults to play together . I just taught my son about waves as I made waves of air pass under the parachute . A fun game we found was to put a Hoberman Expanding Universe Sphere in the middle of the playchute and have everyone throw it up . It 's a load of fun watching the sphere expand and contract as it flies through the air and lands . This is a toy noone would regret getting .
 We bought this parachute for my 6yr old son and twin 2yr old daughters . On the weekends they have a lot of their friends over to play . It is hard to find something that everyone can play with together when there are five or six kids . It is one thing that they can all play with and is great for both ages . This toy teaches kids to work together as a team . I agree that you can not fit many kids under it at once , but that has also helped me teach them about taking turns . When they play with it outside they usually put beach balls on it , and when they use it in the basement they use pillows or stuffed animals . This toy is great for all ages . There are so many games to play with it . I do n't think my kids could ever get bored with this toy .
 All my children ranging in ages from 3 to 9 love the playchute parachute . I bought this for my 3 year old daughter 's birthday and we all had a ball with it - even the adults ! It seems very durable and able to hold up to kids roughly pulling on it . - very fun !
 I bought this as a party game for my daughter 's 4th birthday . The nice thing was that she got to use it over & over again after the party . The kids loved it !!!! Her 2 year old sister asks to play with it all the time . We drap it over the table and they play under it and they even love just sitting on it outside . It was played with all summer long and now that winter is here it 's coming back inside . It was well worth the price . I was actually suprised how durable and large it was . One of the best toys I 've bought !!
 my name is molly and i am 6 years old i love this parachute it is so much fun i love throwing it up in the air and having it fall over my head the mushroom is fun and i always play with it when my friends jessica and kathy come over bye byeluv , molly
 This was a gift for my 14 month old grandson . He loves the parachute at story time at our local library and I wanted him to be able to enjoy one at home . This is well made and sturdy . It is large enough for him to get under it and for us to hold on to the handles . I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to by a parachute .
 We bought this for our 21/2 yr old son that has Down syndrome , he loves it !! I thought it would have been made out of a bit more thicker material , but for the price I ca n't complain ! Would deff recommend to a friend !
 This holds up and works great , only wish I bought a bigger one . Also it did n't come with any suggestions like games to play with it . The box says there are hundreds of games but there is n't even a paper with a few .
 Perfect for a few kids . It was used and enjoyed by three rambunctious boys repeatedly on Christmas day with a varietyof different games and toys .
 Really durable and bright . We got it for our daughter 's birthday party and all of the kids loved it . Easy to wash and does n't have any type of a smell . Comes in a great sack for storing .
 This is my daughter 's go-to toy when she makes her fort in the living room almost every weekend . It 's light enough for her to maneuver , unlike the bulky blankets and sheets we had used in the past . I love that it comes in its own bag for tidy storage when she is finished playing with it . We enjoy ours so much I have bought more as gifts for friends ' children . Highly recommend .
 This parachute was a great classic buy . We got it for my daughters 2nd birthday and used it to play games with the kids ... They all loved it .
 We got this for our preschooler . Love playing with it ! It seems to be holding up very well , but we 've not had it very long . The colors are not as light as they are shown in the picture . Looking forward to using this a lot more with summer coming soon .
 This parachute is very colorful and perfect for classes or parties ! Durable , large enough for 8 or more.Very happy I purchased 3 !!
 I received it within 3-4 days of ordering , which was a very pleasant surprise . The toy itself does have a smelly powder on it when received , but it 's okay after washing . Very interesting colors and patterns on it . Kids I 've used it with seem to enjoy it and I really like it as well .
 This parachute is lots of fun . Very durable , bright colors , easy to hold on to . All of the seams are sewn nicely , and I suspect that this parachute will last for a long time . It is big -- definitely look for something smaller if it 's only for a couple of kids . We had six playing with ours , and it almost was n't enough to be able to do some kinds of parachute games like running underneath . It came in a nice mesh bag that the parachute fits in even if you do n't fold it -- it can just be shoved in there and then the bag can be hung by its drawstring for storage .
 Happy with purchase . I bought it for 3 families with young children and I believe they are all enjoying them .
 Got this for my 4-yr old son to bring to his two sets of cousins ' houses . It definitely intrigues the kiddos . It would be better with more mature children -LRB- 5 + -RRB- . Smaller ones just want to run under it , but it 's a worthy purchase even for that . Very happy with this parachute - seems very durable . Glad for the storage bag also . Look forward to using it other places and when my son and his cousins -LRB- and friends -RRB- get a bit older .
 What do you do when you have 4 or more kids of the same age in your house . Here take this parachute and go outside . Putting a ball on the top and letting them bounce it out is a fun game . Or bouncing the ball and trying to keep it on the parachute for a more difficult game . This one is not quite big enough to walk under and pull it down while you are inside . Well it would work for small kids , not with an adult in the group .
 My kids love this parachute . It 's the perfect size to play with indoors and outdoors . I think it has about 10 handles so it works with large groups of kids -LRB- holding one handle -RRB- or smaller groups -LRB- holding two handles -RRB- . We 've toted it all over the place and it 's held up very well . This is definitely a great purchase .
 There are 6 grandchildren in the family and we got this to keep at grandma 's house for everyone to play with . Even the adults have fun with it and remember when we used to play with one when we were kids . We got the 10 ' size so we can play with it indoors as well as outdoors . The kids -LRB- even the babies -RRB- absolutely love it and the little ones stand in the middle and laugh while the older kids hold onto the parachute . I totally recommend this toy for the whole family to have fun with . The only suggestion is that it should come with some plastic balls so you can bounce them in the middle -LRB- like popcorn -RRB- . We actually have some from another toy we use .
 We 're really satisfied w / our purchase , this is not expensive as the other ones and made of excellent material , hours of fun !!!
 We used this at our daughter 's 3rd birthday party and the kids loved it . It is very durable and fun .
 Great play experience for small children . My grand kids loved it and get it out for parties and play time .
 ITS THE BEST PARACHUTE ! I WANT THIS FOR MY KIDS . THEY CAN BUILD IT AS A TENT THEY CAN PLAY WITH IT AND THEY CAN BE UNDERNETH IT . SO I WANT TO ORDER IT .
 My grandson came to visit and wanted to play parachute like he does at home . I did not have a parachute . The disappointment on his face made me want to buy one and keep it at my house . It brings a lot of joy while taking up hardly any room . I enjoy playing with my grandchildren and parachute is easy and lots of fun .
 We bought this for our daughters , age 6 and 4 . We used it for our 4 year old 's birthday party and all the kids loved it . There were children there aged 3 , 4 , 6 , 9 , 10 and my husband and I -LRB- 30 + -RRB- . We all really enjoyed it . We threw on a ball and popped it around , put some leaves on it and tossed them all over , had one child run underneath and tried to `` catch '' them , and just `` made waves . '' Everyone was smiling and laughing and having a great time . We 're glad we bought 2 more to give as Christmas gifts . We would highly recommend this to everyone !
 I bought this parachute despite not being sure of it 's dimensions . The description did state it is about 9 feet but others I had found on-line -LRB- 10 or 12 feet -RRB- seemed much more expensive so I expected something smaller . Anyway , I just received it today and I am quite excited . The parachute is actually 10 feet in diameter and has 12 handles . So it is much larger than I had originally expected . This is a great deal and I ca n't wait for my kids to wake up from their naps so we can play !
 This parachute is a lot of fun ! Kids come up with all kinds of uses for it , but our favorite game is to put the baby underneath the parachute in the middle and just pull it up and down . He gets a kick out of it and the older kids love to see his reaction.This one is bigger than I thought it would be , which is a good thing , but unfortunately we actually do n't have enough people to play with it when my husband is not home . If each person holds onto 2 handles it can fit about 5-6 people around . But if you have only 3 people to play with , while it still works , it 's more fun with more people . But I guess that 's the way all games/toys should be!Definitely recommend this for outdoor -LRB- or indoor with a lot of room -RRB- activities with lots of kids !
 I remember playing with the large parachute when I was in grade school in PE . The entire class had such a good time!I purchased this for my 5 year old godson and his 3 year old sister for Christmas . Now , it 's not as much fun with just the two of them , but when the neighbor kids come over , their mom brings it out . That 's when the fun begins . It 's amazing how long a piece of material can keep a group of kids entertained !
 I would recommend it . The kids enjoy it and it is very durable . I had this when i was a kid and it is hard to find stuff that I grew up with and it be as durable .
 I bought this toy for my almost 2 and 3 year old boys , as well as for a gift for a girls ' 3rd b-day . I admit that it 's not as easy or as fun to use unless you have at least 3 people holding the chute . It will be a big hit at any party , playgroup , or get together . All ages are drawn to playing with a parachute and all have a blast . It also fosters group creativity and dynamic play ; turn taking , cooperation , and collective participation . I love the bright colors that just add to the fun and festivity of play . Get outside and have a blast !
 I purchased this playchute for my playgroup . The kids LOVE it !!! While adults work the playchute the kids run underneath and out and have a blast . When the kids make waves with it to keep a plushtoy bouncing on it , they learn to work together as a team . It promotes gross motor skills and coordination . My daughter loves this playchute when I hang it from the ceiling over her little tykes climber and create her own little `` house '' . This is a very durable item for a great price . In our playgroup there are only toddlers . When they get older they can play actual games with the playchute . -LRB- There are a lot of books with playchute games available . -RRB- We will have fun for years to come . The kids do n't seem to get bored with this ever !!!! 5 stars ... definetely .
 I thought i was going to surprise my Nephews with a new thing they never saw before . But they had seen this in there day care . That did n't stop them from having hours of fun with it . It seems to be there new favorite toy .
 Perfect for a small group of about 4 kids . Great indoor or out . HANDLES are a must have !!!
 I bought this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday party . She really enjoyed playing with her 4 year old cousin and other partymates . It took about 5 adults/older kids to make the parachute go up and down . We added a ball to the top and popped it in the air . Come to think of it , I think the adults had just as much fun as the kids . We will be using this toy for years to come .
 The kids loved this and it was a great price . I saw it for a lot more on other sites . Great deal
 I bought this for a costume party I had for my 2 year old . All of the children from ages 2-10 years old loved it and it created hours of entertainment !
 Got this item for my daughter 's daycare ! Great price , it was shipped here rather fast which was nice for the kids ~ I have not heard any real complaints about it !
 I bought this for my niece for her birthday , and we had loads of fun with it . Not too big so if you only have 3 adults you can still get the effect of the chute . Kids love playing and running under it while it falls .
 Love the mesh bag that stores the parachute ; it was easy to fold the parachute and place back in bag . There are handles , which the product description fails to mention , but are good to have . Seems sturdy enough . Good size -LRB- not too big or small -RRB- . Purchased for party play activity . Children were excited to play with it . Overall , good value .
 I purchased this parachute after working with several Vacation Bible Schools in which it would have been helpful . Now , I have my own kids and figured it would be a great play-date , party and VBS investment . The look on my son 's face as he joyfully played with it the first time was certainly worth it ! I worked with 2 , 3 , and 4 year-olds and they all enjoyed it in one way or another . I look forward to pulling it out when we have kids over to play !
 My daughter , who is 3 , loves this parachute ! The day we received we brought it outside and enjoyed it with the neighborhood kids ! Would love the option to buy a CD with it for activities/music to go along w/playing w/parachute ! Seems very sturdy , solid construction and handles . Great size !
 I bought this parachute to use with my kids and my neighbors , which will happen come spring . I also run a moms group at my local library and bring it with me most weeks . The kids are all 3 and under and love it each time we use it . They help hold it , run under it , stand under it and get static hair and even sit on it and we spin them around singing songs . It is very large , and great for a group of kids . I would recommend to all . Enjoy !
 My girls are 5 and 3 and have played with this parachute everyday since the day they got it . It is wonderful for promoting imaginative play . I would highly reommend this item .
 As a grandma , I 've given two 6-foot parachutes and thought they were too small to be exciting . So for this 4 year old , who had loved the big parachute at nursery school , I bought the 10-foot parachute . Caveat
 My 2 year old daughter got this parachute for Christmas and just LOVES it ... and so does her 11 mo. old sister ! They ask to get it out everyday . She wants to play with it everytime a friend comes over . She jumps on each color and says it 's name . The 11 mo. old loves to sit in the middle and pounce on the sides while we shake it around . The girls are learning large motor skills and coordination while having a BALL ! I strongly recommend this `` toy '' .
 I bought this parachute to take to Ecuador , South America with me to use in the Elementary school . I found it to be a huge help witht the language barrier and the children had a blast . I left it at the school when I came back to the states and I plan on purchasing another one for my own classroom . This is such a great investment !
 I used it on my son 's birthday party , and the kids just went crazy and had so much fun with it !
 This parachute is alot of fun . My kids love to play with the parachute . Not only do they play with friends , but it has become a family fun game . My kids love to see howlong they can keep a ball bouncing on it . Durable and easy to store .
 For the past several years I have vollunteered at my kids ' school for their anual field day , and I am always assigned the parachute activity . From grades K-5 most kids chose this as their favorite . There are so many games and activities for this simple parachute , I even enjoy them with the kids . So of course I had to buy one for home . I have three kids ages 8 , 7 , and 3 ; we all have fun together .
 With parachute play , we had campers ranging from two years old to over 60 , and everyone was able to participate - together . Little ones ran under the billowing , bright nylon . They played with a giant beach ball under the covering like they had their own live forthouse , then we put the ball on top to see how many consecutive times we could cooperatively toss it from the parachute 's center , then catch it to send it aloft again . Game possibilities are endless . Having ten sturdy , comfortable web handles all around the edges made it manageable for big and little hands alike . The parachute packs up small and light in its accompanying nylon bag , so we could use it as filler play for 5 minutes between activities , take it to the beach for anytime to warm up from the water , and even tote it on our hike to use as instant shade when draped over a piece of string strung between two trees ! Every family taking a road trip should have one of these as standard travel gear along with a soft frisbee and a kickball . One unexpected benefit
 This product is best used by younger children as the older kids may put more force on the parachute while playing with it .
 I bought this for my nieces and nephews and we use it at birthday parties . The kids love it , and it is surprisingly durable .
 Fun for all - The local Gymboree closed , so we have `` Gymboree '' time in our own home now.Even our dog gets in on the fun ans still not rips in the fabric ! : -RRB-
 Purchased this as a gift for my grandson as he gets older . Watched kids have fun at a party with the parachute and wanted to be able to give this as a gift later .
 This is an incredibly versatile and durable toy for all ages .
 We gave the Parachute to a 3 year old for his Birthday . It was the hit of the party . The adults and kids loved playing with it . We placed small plastic balls - from an inflatable ball pit - in the middle of the parachute and launched them into the air . The kids loved collecting all the balls again . I would definitely purchase another one as a gift .
 I took my 3 year old nephew Jason to a childs party one Saturday ... they had a clown who brought a play parachute . He laughed so hard I couldnt wipe the grin off MY face ... I decided then and there to get him one of his own ... this is a wonderfully educational toy for children . It gives hours of laughing and smiling fun for all . . young and old !
 I bough this for my other daughters B-day which is in the next few days . I do n't know how well it will last or hold up but we played with something like this when I was a kid and I think the kids need to spend as much time outside playing as when I did when I was their age . This is the perfect thing because it promotes everyone being able to play as a group . It should make a great outside toy for the summer .
 i got it for my 5 year old sister and she only wanted to play with it all day .
 when i have kids over we get the playchute out we sing parachute songs & games !! it 's a big hit and an effort .
 These are by far my favorite shorts . Long wearing , comfortable with very usable pockets . Especially like the water bottle pocket which also works for other things like phones , tools , etc. . Zippered pockets in the back and two cargo pockets withvery good velcro for security . Highly recommend .
 I am going to purchase more of these . I do not like the long inseams on shorts and the length on these are perfect . I purchased like four pair many years ago and they are now fraid around the bottom of the pants leg I have worn them so much . They have been long lasting and comfortable .
 I liked these so much , I bought a second pair . Quality material and stitching . A small pistol can be easily concealed in the cargo pockets .
 Great shorts ! They wash well . Roomy comfortable fit and they manage to look pretty nice too ! On the shorter side but not too bad . My husband has a 31-32 inch inseam and they are not '' short shorts ''
 I 've bought four pair of these shorts this summer . They feel good , fit the way I like them , and have great pockets . First the fit
 I wish they were a little cheaper , but a fantastic product !! I bought 2 pair and mynson wants every color now .
 I 've owned a few pairs of these shorts over the last few years and they are by far the best i 've ever worn . They are made very sturdy , comfortable and have a very good feel to them . Stylish enough to wear out for the evening or cutting grass , you will love these shorts . They are sized slightly on the larger size so keep that in mind if you buy .
 I got those Australian bush pants , the cargo pouches so large that I can stuff live chickens in there . Both pairs soon became threadbare after prolonged use . Luckily I found similar ones with Colombia Brewha shorts . They are large enough to hold a P&S camera or handheld GPS . A small pocket in front on both sides would hold loose change and bills . Its left rear pocket is zipped in case you need to feel secure . The right rear pocket has an elastic opening which fit any tools which wo n't break if you sit on it . I bought 3 and wore them on my recent trip to Thailand . Got soaking wet due to torrential rains so its not ideal for wet seasons . Colombia used to make quick dry ones with thick ripstop synthetic materials but not anymore .
 These Columbia Brewha shorts are among my very favorite knock-around shorts . These are suitable for boating , fishing , knocking around town on nice days , or going to the Yacht Club . They are very well-made , with the pockets in the right places without looking overly utilitarian . The fabric in these shorts has a pleasing , substantial feel while still managing to be light and comfortable . I have bought numerous pair and wear them often . I have worn these while vacationing in Hawaii , boating along the California coast , hanging around California beach towns , and to nice California casual restaurants , and they always make a fine impression and are comfortable besides . Highly recommended . RJB .
 I practically live in these , and I have 5 pairs . The zipper is a little weak ; the pull tab can break off , and button can pop off if you 're too fat for the size you 're wearing . 1 pair should last 2-4 years .
 Great shorts . Good quality and workmanship , long lasating , have not faded much in two years since I purchased . Also lots of pockets !!!
 I have more of a boyish figure where waist and hips are very similar in measurements . I do better buying men 's shorts like this that have a short inseam , and a bit of stretch and no hips . When I buy woman 's shorts to match my waist they are way too large in the hips . I have a twin brother and am built more like him . I have always been that way.These are great shorts for men and for women of my ilk -LRB- thicker in the waist and small hips -RRB- . I bought the indigo a year ago and have just bought the sage recently . Tough , durable and very comfortable . I like them for my summer ventures .
 I live in southern california and when it is warm or hot I find these shorts great for outdoor activities.I have a jeep , and when climbing into my jeep other pants or shorts bind in the crotch , these shorts do n't bind and are much more comfortable . I have just replaced my first 2 with another 2 pair after about 2 years of frequent use . I enjoy all of the pockets .
 So now I have three pairs in each color - perfect combination of secure pockets , D ring and side pocket . I wear them every day during the year at work in a job requiring me to handle handyman , 40 acres of landscaping , sports equipment repair , event management , and parking operations . Very demanding and they hold up great . I have my full set of 40 keys in the front left pocket attached to the D ring , in the secure left front I have a leatherman and tie wraps and some duct tape wrapped around a Sharpie , back left is business cards , front right is miscellaneous -LRB- typically a tool or a currency pouch , in the front right with the secure velcro is my SmartWallet , and the side pouch is my ever ready iPhone . I live and die with these pants - wishing I could get some set up with long pants for winter . Any ideas?Dave
 The quality is Good , the service is good . I will recommend it to my friendsI am very satisfied
 Plenty of room . Fits very well and true to cut . Perfect short if you need that extra room in the butt and thighs .
 I have owned and wore out several pair of these and have two that were just bought this year . I like everything about them . Good material , nice sized pockets , outer pockets with velcro closures , elastic around the waist to cinch in a bit but give you room to move , wide enough belt loops , a zippered back pocket , and a small utility pocket that is open at the top perfect for anything from a crescent wrench to a cell phone . I just hope they keep making them for years .
 The item looks quite practical , with large pockets , and very resistant , and should last quite a long time . Will get another pair !
 Very comfortable and durable shorts . I bought several pair of these shorts and wear them constantly . I recommend them highly .
 I have been reluctant to order clothing online because you never know what you are going to get - and how it is going to fit.However , this was just right .
 Due to a past positive experience with Topeak Customer Service -LRB- on a broken bike pump - my fault -RRB- , I was sold on this company . So when I needed a new computer and saw one by Topeak I checked it out . The features were all that I wanted and it looked simple to use and easily readible . Also , the price could not be beat -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . It was an excellent choice . It was also easier than other bike computers to install and get set up to use . I am very happy with this purchase and will continue to check out Topeak products .
 For the price I did n't expect much and was pleasantly surprised . It has alot of functionality for the money . Instructions are not the easiest to follow but I was able to install and set it up in about 1/2 hour.Overall I ca n't complain , it does what I want and it was a good price .
 This product appears to be accurate and was fairly easy to install . I would like larger print on the screen as it is hard to read at a glance -LRB- the numbers are large enough , but the lettering is small -RRB- .
 I ride about 100 miles a week , and was looking for a simple , inexpensive cycle computer . The Topeak Comp 130 fit the bill . Installation was pretty simple -LRB- less than 30 minutes -RRB- and the computer does exactly what it said it would do . I 've checked the accuracy versus known distances , and it 's been perfect every time . I would highly recommend .
 Great unit for the price . I have purchased two of these in the last year and they have worked great . Simple and easy to use . Has all the necessary functions a rider needs .
 I like this computer ; it 's fun to know how fast I 'm going and how far I 've ridden , and it 's extremely helpful to be able to check the time without having to look at a watch . However , this computer is pretty tricky to set up , both in terms of physical installation and programming functions . It took a lot longer than I expected to get it working .
 This unit has been going strong for me for about a year now . It 's simple and easy to use . It 's got all the features I want and the price is right.However , be advised that the unit is NOT WATERPROOF as the product description says . It is water resistant -LRB- according to the manual -RRB- . It has taken many a rain shower for me and shows no sign of problems . However it is not sealed water tight and may give you problems if you leave it out in the rain for days or something . Again , I have n't had a problem but I almost sent it back when I read that it was n't waterproof as I expected .
 Bought this computer because of its functions and price . Very simple to install with clear , step by step instruction sheet.for this price , how can you go wrong ? - I did n't .
 After spending 75 minutes futzing with this -LRB- including burning through all the lock-ties they sent with it , -RRB- I finally got it attached and , I think , functioning.Trying to give directions in many multiple languages ? Not such a good idea on a single sheet -LRB- imagine reading fine print from a map . -RRB- Not giving a quick start guide or a Things to be aware of guide ? Not such a good idea.Really really small diagrams ? Not such a good idea.Hopefully the unit will function better than the installation instructions did.Edit
 The product dose what it needs to and is easy to install . On my Chinese sks it does however make it next to impossible to get the cleaning kit in and out because the holes do n't line up 100 % . If you use this , plan on either using another cleaning method and just storing the kit in the butt so you wo n't loose it or else store the kit someplace else rather then deal with trying to wrestle it in and out all the time .
 I have a Norinco SKS Rifle that was manufactured in the 1980 's . It 's a real nice gun , not the highest in quality , but most Soviet-Pattern Weapons are not . But it 's a good design , and works great . I have been firing this gun for a number of years , and although the recoil is not a problem , the short wooden stock is . I am tall in stature -LRB- 6 ' ,1 '' -RRB- and the short stock made shooting somewhat uncomfortable , not to mention the rear receiver cover was almost touching my nose . This part will make that problem disappear , and it will protect the stock from damage better than the metal buttplate did . Also it has a hole for access to the Trap in the stock . It is a very high-quality part , and I highly recommend it .
 This is a nicely made butt pad , but it was smaller than the Yugo SKS 's stock butt end outer dimensions . However , since the original Yugo butt pad does not add enough length of pull either , I mounted this one right to the back of the original butt pad , and the length of pull is now 14 '' , which is perfect for me . Feels right , makes my shooting more accurate . You will need new screws about a 1/2 '' longer than the originals to mount this with the original butt pad , but without the original pad the original screws mount this one just fine . Gives my butt padd a tiny stepped appearance , but it works great !
 This buttpad significantly improved the ergonomics of my Chinese SKS . It added the perfect amount of length to the stock for my lanky 6 ' 1 '' frame . The installation was quick , easy and rock-solid using the existing buttplate screws . It looks pretty good on there too . I docked it one star because although it has a hole for access to the cleaning kit , the hole is dead center in the pad , while the hole in the stock is about half an inch off-center towards the bottom of the stock , making it impossible to stow or retrieve the kit . I believe this is the case for all SKS rifles , so I 'm not sure why this was overlooked when the pad was designed.Nevertheless , considering the price of the pad and how well it works otherwise I ca n't complain too much . I had planned on using my normal gun cleaning kit 99.9 % of the time anyway . If for some reason I REALLY need the rifle 's built-in cleaning kit I can always just unscrew one side of the pad , loosen the other and pivot it out of the way .
 The SKS stock extender/butt pad was delivered in a timely manner and fit the rifle with no problens or need to make any modifications . A good value .
 This is a fantastic product ! The length of pull on the standard SKS stock was just a bit too short for me to be comfortable and with Tech-Sights installed I kept bumping my nose against the sight when firing . Nothing to cause injury , but an annoyance just the same . This butt pad solved both problems . My sight picture falls right into place as soon as I shoulder the weapon . The only drawback is the hole for the cleaning kit does not line up with the stock butt plate door , but no biggie as I clean every time I shoot . I would definitely recommend this to anyone suffering too short of LOP
 Worked out fine for handing my lantern , which uses batteries , not so well with my propane lantern.Still it did what I wanted it to , it 's just not durable
 So far i 've never used a needle , the built in pump works the magic . Its pump is great for the away from home game or the forgotten pump /
 I ride between 70 and 100 miles per week . I wanted to buy a computer , but did n't want to spend too much money . I read the reviews and chose the Topeak Comp 140 . The reality is I could n't be happier . I have done some field test riding beside my car and the speed was right on the money . I can now track everything I want to know about my ride . The instructions were a little difficult to understand -LRB- not to mention very small -RRB- , but I searched online and found the same directions in pdf . -LCB- http://topeak.com/sub/documents/M-TPC5-GB-5-05.pdf -RCB- This gave me the ability to zoom them into focus and see them clearly , box by box , making instillation a breeze . If you are in the market for a good computer , I recommend this one without reservation . The price is more than fair and the performance is exceptional .
 So far this product has worked very well for the price we paid . My son and I both have one and they do well both with the speed/distance and cadence functions , and the programmable wheel circumference makes it very accurate .
 Simple , full functioned , easy to install , inexpensive and it works very well.It displays cadence , speed and distance . Optionally , it can show time.I put one on my Swift Folder and got a second one form my wife 's Swift.I had tried a much more expensive , Polar wireless bike computer . But it worked erratically on a Swift because it has 20 '' , 406 mm , wheels and the wireless wheel rotation detector was much further from the computer , on the handle bars , than it would have been on a mountain bike or a road bike . The signal just was n't strong enough.The Topeak 140 is wired . That means no signal distance problem .
 One of the few computers that shows the three functions -LRB- at the same time -RRB- I am most interested in ... . rpms , speed , and ride time . Simple to use and you can toggle easily to distance , time of day , avg . speed . Can not believe other more expensive computers show less .
 This product is well constructed , fully functional and beautiful . I get compliments from my playing partners all the time . If you know a golf lover and a Penn State fan , this is the perfect gift .
 I really enjoy this divot tool . It feels solid and gets the job done on the greens . The ball markers stay on the divot tool while in your pocket so you do n't have to worry about losing them . It looks better than its picture .
 This product works great . The magnets hold the markers very well . Its strong and does the job right . Its also very well crafted cosmetically . I have enjoyed using this in my golf game .
 Besides the fact that I am a huge longhorn fan and would have bought this product anyway . I am happy that has worked well for me and is still going strong .
 This is a pretty cool divot repair tool -LRB- not that I have a lot of experience using it ... -RRB- . It 's ergonomic , sleek , and nice to have on the course . The ball markers also work well . The tool works well and seems to repair divots nicely .
 The item was a little different than I had expected , but my husband still love it . Arrive very quickly from the seller .
 Does it get any better than celebrating the 2007 National Championship LSU Tigers football team than repairing your divot -LRB- after hitting the green in regulation ! -RRB- with the LSU Divot tool and ball marker ? I do n't think so ... I like the innovative design of the tool and the option of going with Purple on Gold or Gold on Purple ball marker options , depending on how you think the course is playing that particular day ! Great tool and markers ... GEAUX TIGERS
 The markers looks great . I actually snap them on my cap -LRB- it has a magnet inside the brim/bill -RRB- . The marker repair tool is really well made , and it 's just as any other repair tool out there . One thing I like it that it came with instructions on how to repair a ball mark , for those of you that do a really bad job on doing this ! Someone has to take initiative on teaching people how to fix them correctly !!
 Its a nice looking divot tool that works and feels well made . There 's really not much else to say . Just be careful what southern state you 're in when you use it . Would n't be a good idea to pull it out in Knoxville or Florida .
 This repair tool is great . The angle of the tool works well and the markers stand out . The magnet is very strong .
 No complaints here , product was just as advertised . Gave it as a gift and everyone thought it was a neat little gadget . Now if only it were to be used more often ...
 Great design , works great on all greens no matter the type , and fits easily in shorts/pants without gouging your leg .
 My wife got this for me , and I use it all the time . I know which one is mine with the Univ of Washingtonlogo !
 This tool is great and the magnet is very strong . The added ball marker was an awesome bonus . Taking the ball marker out of the tools is a little hard but manageable .
 I love this ball mark repair tool . I use it every time I golf . It is strong and fits in the hand nicely . The only criticism I can come up with is it feels a bit chunky in the pocket . The ball markers work great , the fork is getting a nice patina as I use it . Under that nickel finish are copper tines and they look great at they wear . I love showing my gator pride with the ball markers and it was really cool that it came with two different ones . Love it , buy it now !
 Great product ! I would highly recommend this to others looking for a similar item . Item was exactly as described in the product info portion of the listing !
 Thank you for offering the Clemson Tigers Ball Mark Repair Tool on Amazon.com . Our son and daughter-in-law are alumni and die hard fans , so to be able to get such nice quality items with the school logo for such a great price was a great benefit to us . We bought the Ball Mark Repair Tool as a Christmas gift , and we were delighted with the quick delivery . I was delayed in placing my order , so it was such a blessing that it came in time to give it to him personally . Thanks for the specialty item , service , quality , and savings !
 My wife and I used the provided Red HiQua with yellow feathers at the 2005 North Carolina Senior Games Finals where we each won a Bronze Medal . They are easy to see , not brittle , and very durable . When the feathers do get ruffled , they readily return to fresh condition with just a quick finger pinch stroke . Although available in white or yellow , we like the yellow for better visiblity . Since in practice we supply our own birds , they are easy to identify and are less likely to fly off to a ` new home ' !! Although slightly more expensive than other birds that we have tried , the Hi-Qua Reds far outlast any of the others , and so are actually cheaper to use , as well as being of superior ` Fancy Grade ' quality !!
 As good as a cleaning brush gets . I have been using Hoppe 's products for decades & they always get the job done right .
 I 'm using this shifter on my custom shaft driven bicycle based on a frame and shaft drive system from Dynamic Bicycles . This shifter has more pull than conventional shifters to accommodate the needs of a hub gear . The shifting is solid and reliable , with a satisfying click , I 've never had a single failure with it . The only thing I would warn potential buyers of is the cable routing requires a wide run straight up from the shifter , which can be rather awkward .
 I ordered this item when I seen that every store I walked into looking for this was asking nearly ten dollars fot practly the same thing . Come on it 's only for carrying water . It came with all the hardware that a person could need to mount it on nearly any bicycle . To sum it up I suggest that if you need a water bottle and cage that you buy this one .
 Works great , but too big to fit inside the frame on one of my bikes . My fault , not the mfg , but watch frame size -LRB- women 's especially -RRB- , frame too small .
 I am very pleased with how quickly this order arrived ! I would not hesitate to do business with this company again !
 Very happy with this purchase , and the shipping time was fantastic ! I ordered on a Monday and rec 'd the item by Wednesday , Thanks
 I 've been using the stick on league and like it . It 's a good stick . Just needs a better player .
 excellent cue stick very well made and has a nice feel to it . I got the 20oz . so weight is perfect for me and i think helps a lot with the stability of the shot . if you prefer lighter you can adjust it , just pop of the bumper on the butt and 3 metal screw-in bolts can be configured for weight preference . the design for me is good . . not too flashy it has a classic diamond theme into it and was a bit disappointed with the metallic orange color that I got since I was probably expecting a more intense orange , no biggie . lastly , if you can manage to CAREFULLY peel of the stickers with short fingernails . . the remaining residue can be easily removed with some 70 % isopropyl rubbing alcohol and microfiber cloth -LRB- the one used in cleaning car exteriors -RRB- and gently apply pressure while rubbing .
 bought this as a father days gift for my husband and he absolutely loved it . everything we thought it would be .
 Nice cue at a very nice price ! I also have a Cuetec graphite shaft cue and they are very similar quality wise .
 For the price , this is a very nice cue . The graphite on makes it very smooth through your bridge hand .
 I really was n't sure how to pick a good -LRB- not necessarily a professional -RRB- cue stick = but after reading a lot of reviews and doing comparisons - I decided on this one . When my husband received it - he was excited ! He loves the look , the feel and handling and has shot about 20 games with it and is still impressed.I 'm sure there are more expensive cues out there that are better = but ... he 's happy with this one . He wanted his &#34; own &#34; cue and he loved the charcoal color.There were comments about the stickers - we only had 2 small ones to remove . There were also comments about the weight ... in the handle there are removable weights so the overall weight of the stick can be changed - have n't seen a need to do that yet . Overall a winner ! -LRB- although I 'm not allowed to use it ... -RRB-
 i love this pool cue grate balece and weight -LRB- 20 oz -RRB- the only thing that i did not relize was the tip was not a scrue on but a glue on one no biggie just going to be a job putting a new one on when the time come just to warn futer buyers the pacakageing for shiping is not the best big box lots of room to move dent and scratch the cue and i would sujest to not bundle it with other things for cheeper shipping because they do not put anything in the box to seperate the items more chances for denting and scratching the cue
 I purchased the Metallic Silver stick , and I love it so much , I 'm about to purchase the Burgandy model as well . How much do I love it ? I have to fight for it in my own house!While playing some games recently , several friends were over and were all using the cue sticks from my collection . Several of them are the fancy `` name brand expensive high end '' models you find online and in billiard halls , behind the counters locked up . After a few hours of letting them try my stick out -LRB- everyone loved the grey which is why they wanted to try -RRB- , they fell in love with it.They loved how it felt , how clean the shooting was with it , and how perfectly straight it rolled . Keep in mind the cues they were using were straight as an arrow as well , nothing wrong with them . They kept swearing something about this stick made the game better for them . Asking for it back was n't working , I had to beg for it back . Needless to say , that speaks a lot about this cue , more than I could say in a simple review.Some reviewers noted they expected a rubberized grip but did n't get one . I would say you would n't want a rubberized grip because over time it will wear out , and you do n't want rubber bits on your hand while playing billiards , nor do you want the handle to get messed up . On that note , I would n't say the handle is rubberized , but it has some sort of texture to it which provides a confident grip , regardless of how you stroke the cue . For me , I three finger and pivot , and this cue handle works well for that . No fear of slipping or having my grip change alignment.Whether you 're new to the sport , an average player , or on a pro level , you 'll enjoy this stick.Unlike some fellow reviewers , I did not have any issue removing the stickers . I did n't find them overwhelming in number either , there were like 3 stickers , and they all came off without issue with no residue left behind . If any residue is left behind , you can simply wipe it off.PROS : * Graphite composition means it 's highly resistant to damage/warping over time * The tip is really nice ! It 's a nickle tip for anyone curious , took about 10 games to `` break in '' * It rolls straight and sharp as a razor , probably the straightest cue under $ 200 I 've seen * Stick and shot control is VERY predictable with this stick , feels better than wood variants * The `` sanded '' shaft feel is great and does n't appear to be wearing away like wood variants * Simple , clean color * Great value , for the price you pay you get a great product ~ ~ ~ ~ Update 2012/10/29 ~ ~ ~ ~ I have about 35-40 games in on the current cue , still loving it!I just received my second one , this time I ordered the burgandy . Like the first , it was easy to open , assemble and peel the stickers off of . Also like the first , it 's the straightest rolling cue under $ 200 I 've ever seen ! Awesome !
 Bought for my wife and she really likes it . Packaged well and looks as described . Quality seems pretty good too . We 'll see how well it does with some use .
 I received my cue stick by UPS in the time frame indicated by Amazon . It arrived well wrapped in plastic bag and protected by an additional plastic covering . The box was perfect size . I have yet to use the cue , but I certainly give high marks to the seller . The stick is STRAIGHT ! That certainly ca n't be said for some of the wooden sticks my son has . I am excited to play with my new STRAIGHT cue stick !
 Exactly as described , very straight , plays well . A little heavy on the butt end , but other than that much better than the general one piece cues available at the pool hall ...
 Overall , I 'm quite happy with the purchase , I was a little hesitant when I read the reviews about the stickers leaving too much residue once removed and all , but I had no problem removing them , I did not use any products as some reviews recommend I was only careful when doing it , the weight of the cue is excellent , it gives you a very balanced feel when playing , the design of the cue is very elegant , even though it is a little hard to look at the details of it on the product images , the reasons why I 'm not giving it the 5 stars are 1 - As some other reviews mention , the `` GRAPHITE '' word seems a little out of place and 2 - The cue comes with instructions as to how to adjust the weight settings , but it is not that easy I think they 're for a different model , I rather not mess with that because I might end up damaging the cue and as I mentioned before the weight it has is more than ok for me . But overall it was a great purchase I recommend it .
 my hubby absolutly loved this stick , i was lost when i ordered it not knowing what ounce to get , color or nothing but i guessed my way through it and am sooo happy that he loved it . . also very affordable
 I just used this cue for the first time last night and gave it a good workout -LRB- 14 racks of 8-Ball -RRB- . I 've played pool on and off for 12 years , but this was my first time not using a house cue since I just joined a league . Wow , what a difference ! It took me about 2-3 racks to get the feel of it and then everything clicked into place and I played the rest of the night at the absolute top of my game . It thrills me to know that this cue will now be a constant for me . So if you are an amateur looking to buy your first cue , this is definitely it . If you are a professional , I ca n't guess how you 'll feel about this cue , but I can tell you that the grips are sweet , the tip is perfect , and the cue is exactly straight . What else do you really need , anyway ? I got the 19oz in blue . By the way , all this talk about hard-to-remove stickers seems to be related to one stupid tiny round sticker behind the grip almost on the butt of the cue . It says `` 19 ounces made in China '' . Who cares ? I figured why chance a sticky spot and I just left it on there . All of the big stickers that advertise features or would get in the way of playing came off easily with no residue at all .
 Decent stick , I got the 20 oz metallic silver one , which is actually more of a gray or charcoal in my opinion , but no big deal . My issues were the same with the stickers as other reviews above and I kind of wish I could get rid of the big `` GRAPHITE '' graphic that 's on it , and the packaging -LRB- I bought this item at the same time as a case for the cue -RRB- was in a box about 4x larger than it needed to be that arrived from UPS open . I left packaging feedback recommending next time using a shipping tube to send it . When I took out the cue though and removed all the wrapping , the cue was fine even though it practically fell out of the box . I have played about 40-50 games with it now , and I do like the feel of it , including balance , weight , solidness , and the way it glides through my bridge hand -LRB- I think that 's the graphite talking - probably wo n't ever need hand chalk -RRB- , and it 's straight as an arrow too . It does have a funny taper to it just after the joint on the tip end , and I did think the grip would be a little different , like maybe rubberized or something -LRB- seems more like paper wrapped around it instead -RRB- , but it 's fine overall . If you 're a pro looking for perfection , be prepared to spend $ 200 minimum , and up to $ 500 or even more , but this cue will be just fine for anyone on the amateur to lower-mid level . I mostly just play in bars and small time tournaments , and it definitely beats any bar 's house cue I 've ever used .
 I recently bought this cue at Dunham 's and I also bought a case for it but used the 20 % off coupons they usually give out so the price was right.I 'm a good pool player but casual and like other people who wrote reviews I wanted equipment that is mine , similar to the darts I own , so I can play a consistent game.I do not break with this stick on the advice of my father who is a great pool player but I 'm sure it would n't hurt it . The extra weight gives me more time to concentrate on my shot rather than the power I 'm putting behind it which is a big plus . My favorite thing about it , though , is the slick surface at the front of the stick . There is nothing I hate worse then my hand getting a little perspiration which in turn sticks to the cue and effects my shot . This cue eliminates that.Great cue . I do n't see myself having to buy another one in the foreseeable future .
 For an amateur pool player , this cue is perfect . It has a nice feel and balance to it and the grip is good too . Does n't come with a carrying case , so keep that in mind if you 're planning on taking it places to play .
 After my last expensive Huebler cue developed a warped shaft despite all my care I decided never to spend on an expensive cue again . I saw this graphite shaft cue and decided to grab one . Overall it 's a nice cue . I like the graphite shaft as it 's practically care free . I can let friends use my cue now without stressing about them dropping it and dinging the shaft -LRB- I hang with a few drunken idiots -RRB- . This does the job . It 's solid and balanced - hits well . I like the way it looks and I 'm over trying to impress people with an expensive cue .
 I was tired of using random sticks and having that variable in my game . I 'm not the greatest pool player but using random busted sticks at different places was n't helping anything . I purchased this stick to eliminate one of those variables and it certainly has helped quite a bit!One part of this stick I enjoy a lot is the different textures it has . From the smooth soft texture starting from the tip going about 2 feet down which helps the stick slide smoothly when there is no chalk for your hands at the tables . Then the black textured grip . Followed by the glossy coat covering the rest of the stick.The only reason i did n't rate this stick 5 stars is because when i received it in the mail there were two small dents in the stick .
 This cue stick has improved my game dramatically by keeping one more variable constant . When I would play one pool game location to the next , I would end up with a rental cue and sometimes it would throw off my game . I am not expert but I know for sure that your game will improve if you stick to 1 cue that you are used to . The unique grip gives you better control and I have controlled my scratches much more .
 I just received this stick today . I 'm anxious to take it home and try it out . I can say it is smooth , straight , and glides through my fingers with ease . The weight is perfect for what I am looking for , and it feels like a perfect fit . If this stick performs as well as it looks and feels , I may have just found the sticks to fill my rack.As far as the shipping goes , it was delayed at first , but when they did ship it , it literally got here the next day . I have absolutely no complaints about the shipper . If it fails to meet my expectations , I will update this on an &#34; As Needed Basis &#34; .
 I have been playing more and more pool lately and it got to the point where I felt it was a good idea to get my own cue . I searched high and low and reviewed at least 10 cues under $ 100 . I felt this one offered the best bang for the buck.Graphite paint on the forward sections means that it will slide nicely through your bridge even if you hands get a little sweaty like mine . The connections point looks normal for a two piece cue and screws in flat . There is also graphite paint on the back section . Some people have said they did n't like it but it offers nice pivoting friction for those light shots . If you hold it tight it wo n't slide out of your hand.Took a bit to break in the tip but eventually I was hitting nice consistent shots . The cue does vibrate quite a bit if you hit a power shot , but does not effect your aim or power.The tip is nice . It has lots of grip and control . Super easy to put any kind of english you want on the ball . I have been able to curve it around other balls fairly easily as well as back , forward , left/right spin.Overall for the price this is a very good cue to have fun with . It plays much better than any of the other cues we have in our house and seems to be very durable as well . I would recommend this cue .
 for this money , it is an ok cue stick . i do like the grip on it . very comfortable to use . i got it for a spare so if my better stick needs a new tip , i can use this in the meantime and it is nice looking .
 This is a great looking t-shirt . A lot of the Giant t-shirts are very basic , not this one . It is colorful and it looks great on .
 I really want this shirt in size LARGE but nowhere in the page do I have a choice to choose my size . Please help !
 After installing the new barrel and stock , and with my other modifications , the accuracy and enjoyment factor rose beyond my expectations . I am completely satisfied with the feel of the stock the LOP , the weight , the look , it all adds up to pure fun !
 These gym shorts actually have pockets ! And they fall right at the knee , not upper thigh or the ankles like so many other shorts do . I have two pairs , and when I need to buy another I 'm going to stick with this model .
 These things are super comfortable . I do n't know what the other reviewer said about them running big . I bought mediums and wear a size 32 waist and they fit fine . In fact , they are a little big and touch the top of my knee . These are fine quality shorts though .
 I have purchased these shorts in many colors and the washing quality is tremendous . My son uses them for tennis . Highly recommend .
 These shorts are great ! I will be buying more if these . My biggest concern was if the pockets would be deep enough , but they were just perfect . I would recommend these to men or women !
 These adidas shorts are great for just wearing out or exercising , they have pockets so they 're great for storing items also .
 Samsonite is probably the best luggage manufacturer . They did a great job with this bag as well . Its nicely padded and fits my golf set -LRB- with the golf bag -RRB- just fine and there is room for some clothes/towels etc. .
 before I changed my career , I used to carry lots of knives around in the warehouse I worked at . I had box cutters , but sometimes you need a bit more . I tried out all the different knives in my collection , from cheap to $ 200 plus items and used it for box cutting , ropes , fastners , pop staples , etc. . I found this Cold Steel voyager to be the best . I can flick it open like a switchblade with a quick wrist snap , for the steel onthis blade is very good ... I got the serrated version , and it cuts and cuts and cuts . I got it to cut a steel band when my co worker misplaced the cutter for it , with minimal damage . I can still remember how my SOG knive which costs almost twice as much got chipped , but this cheapy Cold steel blade did n't , cutting the same thing . My complaint is the handle ... it felt unsubtantial , and the clip on it couldnt be switched over on the other side . I buy Cold Steel for their steel blades .
 This is a great tee shirt . It 's good quality , and the size is true , and you certainly could n't beat the price ! I do love the gold box sales !
 So happy I bought this swim vest for my 5 y/o old boys . It dries almost instantly and it does not rub and irritate under their arms like other vests do . They can swim for hours and not complain at all that they want to take it off . My only complaint is the website description does not give an accurate depiction of what size to order . I originally bought the XS , but had to exchange for the S. On the actual label is says XS is for 2-4 y/o , and S is for 5-7 y/o and 30-50lbs .
 We initially saw these life vests when visiting a water park . My 4 year old tried on the vest and loved it - even better she kept it on without any prodding . The outside covering of the vest is slick and dries quickly - it does n't get soiled or stinky like other vests . The material is fairly pliable and my daughter says it is comfortable - she keeps it on for extended periods -LRB- 2 + hours -RRB- without complaint . The buckles are pretty easy to fasten and seem reasonably sturdy and pinchless . My daughter is 37 lbs and 42 inches and the x-small fits her very well - although we have the straps pulled in almost the max amount . Overall we really like this product and would definitely buy it again .
 This is absolutely the best life jacket ever ! My 4 year old can wear it for hours -LRB- literally - I ca n't get her out of the water ! -RRB- without ever even asking to take it off . We 've tried a few other jackets but she will only leave them on for 15-30 minutes tops . And it works extremely well . I highly recommend it .
 These Super Soft swim vests are truly awesome . I 'd tried other swim vests that were all supposedly very good , but I never felt truly comfortable with my young children in any of them . My kids STILL sort of sank while wearing them.We first saw the Super Soft vests at a water park , and I was very impressed with them . My kids -- who did not know how to swim at the time -- were able to stay afloat in the water effortlessly . They were much more comfortable in the water , wearing these vests , because they just made it seem like you were floating naturally -- without the aid of a vest . The vests , while made of a very soft foam , might be a little stiff when brand new , but with use , they definitely soften up . They fit the body well , and each size is adjustable with straps , so you can get the fit perfect . And these vests did their job so well , that after almost 2 years of using them in the water , my kids have become so comfortable in water , that they were actually able to learn to swim WITHOUT them this summer.I like this vest so well , that I have even bought them for my husband and myself . They are great in Lazy Rivers -- no need for an inner tube ; just put this vest on , and you will float . And they 're also perfect for wave pools -- especially if you 're not a super strong swimmer.Personally , I do n't think you could go wrong with a Super Soft .
 Our young granddaughter , -LRB- 33 lbs -RRB- was hesitant to wear any type of swim aid until our trip to Hershey Park where it was mandatory that she wear a vest just like this one in order to get into the wave pool . She LOVED it and right then I decided to purchase one . The vest is very soft and does n't ride up like many I 've seen . She is very confident and is trying new things and it has made us feel more relaxed around the pool as well .
 For the actual swim vest I would actually give it 5 stars but I ordered two from a company on Amazon and one came with a defective buckle , so I had to send it back -LRB- paying shipping -RRB- and wait for the new one to come . The store was good about trading it for a non-defective one , but it would have been nicer if they had checked it before sending it out . My two girls ages 6 and 8 love these lifejackets , they 've gone through several sizes . The x-small and small both have a strap that goes between their legs to add as an extra safety precaution . The medium and on up do n't have the extra strap . We have a boat and go on the lake with these lifejackets and believe me , I 've tried all the cheap ones and they 're not worth it . I do also like some neoprene material lifejackets as well , so for me , it 's between these or a neoprene type lifejacket but these are so nice because they repel the water completely so your child does n't get cold .
 We used these life jackets last summer and have bought more for this coming summer for our 4 kids ages 8,6,5 and 3 . There is a different size that fits perfectly for all the ages . No sore marks on their sides from the straps , even after hours in not only the pool but also getting thrown around by waves at the beach , which was a big problem with almost all of the other jackets we 've had in the past . They hold up great , we 're only buying more because my son has outgrown last years . I recomend them to all friends and family .
 This life jacket was a great purchase for our soon to be 4 year old on summer vacation . He is normally very sensitive to tags/fabrics and wore this without complaints for hours on end . It is quick drying , comfy and gave just enough support to help him feel confident in the water keeping him upright but still able to paddle and maneuver around . Great buy and worth the money !
 Went from `` did n't know this existed '' to `` how did we live without this ? '' this summer . We used to go with the kind of items you get in toy stores , but even the best of them were a hassle to carry around , a hassle to inflate -LRB- for some that required it -RRB- , and left a lot of doubt they would work properly or for an extended period of time . This is exactly the opposite - light and portable , easy to put on -LRB- even for a four-year-old -RRB- , easy to keep on -LRB- light and comfortable ; he can go in and out of the pool at will while keeping this on , meaning there 's no constant stream of `` do you have it on/do you have it with you ? '' -RRB- and 10,000 times safer than the previous alternatives . Our son -LRB- 4 -RRB- loves it because it allows him a full range of motion and is very comfortable . A little pricey compared to the alternatives , but I 'll take peace of mind and convenience for basically what , the price of three Transformers ?
 This vest is wonderfull , it gave my three year old freedom in the pool . The product is very comfortable , keeps his head way above the water.The only drow back is the strap between his legs shifts to far to one side and rubs his leg . He does not complain about pain but it looks uncomfortable .
 I was always a nervous wreck when my kids were in the pool . Now that we have this jacket for my 3-year old I can rest easier . He can move freely and I think it 's given him confidence as he happily puts it on and jumps right into the pool ! We also like that it comes in so many colors .
 This is an excellent life Jacket . My son has been using for about 2 years and he feels so safe in it . He just loves his yellow coat . He has never tipped forward getting a mouthfull of water .
 I bought this product in 2009 when my son was 2 yrs old . The best product out there in the market for kids . He was able to balance his head above the water better and his head did not bobble back and forth like it did with some other vests he owned prior to that . He was able to move well in the water and use his arms and legs to do swimming strokes . He had less irritation using this and did not complain when I tried to put it on him . Just after using it couple times , I relaxed a lot knowing that my child was safe with this product . He is almost 6 and thanks to his petite figure I was able to use this till now . Even with all the use and misuse , it still looks new and I never had to do anything extra to maintain it . He learned to swim and I would still use this when we went to water parks , lakes or other unchartered water . He has outgrown it and I hate to part with it as I felt such a sense of security with it around my child . I hope to pass it on to someone else who will feel the same as I did !
 We went through two other vests before settling on this one . The first two were the more common type of kid vest that zips up the front . They were fine for swimming -LRB- though they did ride up in the water and cover our daughter 's chin -RRB- , but they were lousy for kayaking because they rode up when she sat , which pinched her armpits . This jacket has a much better fit on our daughter who 's been wearing it from when she was 30 pounds to now when she 's nearly 40 pounds . When we swim , it stays put and does n't ride up , and it 's more comfortable while kayaking . We live in New England where it does n't get terribly hot , but I can imagine this thing being unbearably warm in a hot climate if it was worn for boating , as opposed to swimming .
 I now have 3 of these for all three children . Our 2 year old does great and does not mind to wear it . Have had two for over 1 year and still look great , soft and no signs of wear . strongly recommend for any child.First experience was in Orlando , FL at the Nickelodeon Hotel and this was the only device allowed and provided by the hotel . Our four and two year old loved them and bought some for our personal use in our own pool
 Far and away the best lifevest I have seen . The kids love them . They are comfotable and do n't `` ride-up '' like others we have used .
 Bit pricey , but by far the best vest for kids . Only one ours will keep on because it does n't ride up around their necks .
 Though the price is something you have to consider most , I love the vest , style , quality and even the color . My son got the blue one and he loves it from the beginning . It 's very soft , comfortable and stylist that helps him floating very well , of course with the help of his father to make his head up . It does n't take long for a 2-year-old boy to get used to it too . Not like the fabric vest , this one does n't stick to his skin and it dries out very quick . We had a very good time in the pools and had a hard time to pull him out of the water . Absolutely a good purchase , it deserves every penny .
 My father bought two of these for my 1st two children after we put in our pool . They were 2 and 3 yrs old at the time , and learned to swim with these vests . We have a small and x-small . Today , my then 2 and 3 year olds are 11 and 12 and we still have these life vests ! We had two more children whom have also used these vests , one is 5 and the other 3 ... my 5 year old can now swim , also thanks to the security that this vest gave her in the water , and our youngest who is 3 is the last one to use it and absolutely loves it ! They look great after all these years and they have n't deteriorated in the least ! They are comfy , they stay put , and best of all `` THEY WORK TO KEEP YOUR CHILDREN SAFE IN THE WATER '' !!! Do n't bother buying any other swim vest , this one is it !
 Nice rack . Needs a sleeve for the post for stability otherwise rubber washers rattle around .
 My 4 year old daughter has been using the Orange & Purple version of this `` Swim n Float '' vest for 3 summers . It still fits her , and she wo n't go in the pool without it . I wanted to buy the same vest for my 2-year old , but unable to find it , I purchase another brand and was very disappointed . I searched again for this vest and finally found it here on Amazon and ordered it immediately.Pros : Flotation pads : - The pads are sewn in so they do n't move around or turn sideways . - There are 2 pads in the back and two in the front - it makes the vest a bit bulky to pack , but since there are no pads on the sides or on the arms my daughter has never complained about wearing it . She swims around easily in the pool / lake with this on -LRB- full range of motion for swimming or activities outside of the water -RRB- . Material / Fit : - The material does not stick to your child 's body when they are wet and you are trying to get it off of them at the end of the swim . The material dries fairly easily . - The suit unzips in the back all the way down to the waist -LRB- bottom section remains intact -RRB- so it is very easy to remove . There is a button and a loop to secure the zipper when zipped up so that the vest will not come off by accident . - Your child does not need to wear a suit underneath - it covers their arms down to the elbow , and has a full bottom -LRB- so it can not slip off , and yet does not have that strap that some suits have that rub against the inside of their leg -RRB- . - Even for a slightly smaller child , the vest should not ride up on them because the arms are fitted . The bottoms may be a bit large so they would need to wear a diaper/swim pants underneath.Durability : - My daughter has worn this suit all summer long for 3 summers in chlorine pools and lakes and I see no signs of wear and tear . Top quality . The bottom part of the vest was big on her when she was 2 , but it still fit her securely .
 This is a great product . My little one can now be on the boat and I do not have to worry her undoing her life jacket . I also love the fact of built in sun protection . The only draw back is that the bottoms are big . She will have to wear shorts also to cover her .
 We purchased this for our 2 yr old daughter after borrowing a friend 's -LRB- different brand -RRB- and trying it out . Our daughter is a dare devil in the pool , and this allows her a little more freedom . She 's now learning to kick and use her arms . I like that if she tips over , it rolls her to her back and keeps her head well above water . The other floats were n't quite as consistent with that . The fact that this one is approved by the Coast Guard is a huge plus . A lot of the pools in our area will only allow Coast Guard approved swimming aids .
 We got this float after a lifeguard in a local pool refused to let our 2-year-old in with a non-Coast Guard approved vest . Turns out it was for the better . This float keeps our daughter in an almost vertical position with her face above the water at all times while allowing her to maneuver around the pool on her own . We are never more than 2-3 feet away but she has the confidence of staying afloat and trying to swim on her own . We used it in chlorinated water and it faded somewhat , but is still holding well . Sure , your kid will look like a little teddy bear with the non-removable foam pads , but the peace of mind is so worth it . I highly recommend it .
 I wanted to update an a previous review . I had purchased the Stearns Girl 's Swim n Float but it was way to big for my 2 year old daughter . I had to send it back but did n't like the fact that I had to pay for shipping . They read the review and sent me an email stating they refunded my shipping cost . Wow , I never expected to have that happen . I think that is great customer service . Great Job !!! I would not hesitate to purchase an item from them again .
 I highly recommend the Stearns Swim 'N Float suit for anyone with a child anxious to swim . My daughter , Peyton , whose 33 months can swim independently and absolutely loves it . It keeps her afloat by herself while she learns to swim . It 's perfect for the beach , but I 'm not sure if the local pools allow it . Definately worth every penny !
 This is a great product to help keep your kids safe . This is the 2nd Swim N '' Float that we have purchased . The nice thing is that due to the design kids can keep a full range of motion with their arms thus helping them learn fundamental swimming strokes and techniques with piece of mind . My youngest daughter -LRB- age 4 -RRB- asked me to take it off one day while we were in the pool the first summer . I was amazed as she just started swimming around the pool .
 A lot of workout equipment is advertised as being easily movable or stored . But most of it is n't -- sure , you can fold it up , but then it 's bulky , heavy , awkward , and just a little too big for the underside of your bed . I personally have gotten smacked in the eye/stomach/foot with handles and pedals way , way too often.Which is why the Stamina mini-stepper was such a find for me , especially since I had a similar machine several years ago -LRB- which I eventually wore out -RRB- . This one can be tucked under your arm or folded up to the size of a large shoebox , so it 's a bonus for people who have small living areas . Or who just want to be able to hide their equipment . -LRB- That 's me -RRB- Despite the small size , it also provides an excellent workout -- even twenty minutes will provide a good workout for people in average shape . It works the entire lower body 's muscles , adding strength and burning quite a few calories . It 's also an excellent cardiovascular workout as well ; the first time is the most difficult , and it gets easier from then on.The downsides ? Well , the pistons get hot after awhile , and after a few uses it develops a loud squeak . Fortunately , the heat is n't a problem , and the squeak can be oiled away . The most substantial problem is that the pedals tilt forward , and so you 'll need some form of support in front of the stepper , or you will fall on your face . Try a chair.Whether for portability or the small size , the Stamina mini-stepper is an excellent workout machines . Good workouts , small size , easy portability . Bad squeaking .
 ** UPDATE -LRB- June 2005 -RRB- ** The WD-40 solution offered by other reviewers does , in fact , work ! I had to douse it quite a few times and then work the WD-40 into the wheel , and a little onto the hydraulic levers . My stepper has stopped the annoying squeeking ! But keep the TV on - it keeps you moving . Try MTV or VH1 , you end up stepping to the music . :--RRB- ** UPDATE -LRB- June 2005 -RRB- ** This is a great little machine . I 'm averagely in shape , and a thirty-minute workout with this thing made my legs ache . Very , very nice . I did n't have a problem with the lack of easy-hard settings , I have found that changing my steps-per-minute changes the workout level terrifically.As others have said , there is an annoying little squeak that has developed in the machine , and I have n't been able to cure it with WD40 or anything . But turn the TV or music up a little and the problem is easily drowned out.This is great for a dorm -LRB- which I live in -RRB- or an apartment - it 's small and easy to store and does n't bug the people living on the floor beneith you if you work out early in the morning.One problem I have with mine , which I have n't heard from anyone else and so it may just be a glitch , is that the electronic step/time counter never turns off on mine . To save batteries I have to remove the battery after every work out - annoying , but it is pretty easy to do.If you are looking for a cheap stepping machine , this one is it ! It 's kinda heavy , thus the large shipping charge -LRB- $ 12 -RRB- . But it 's worth it . This works great .
 The Stamina In Stride electronic mini stepper is a great product ! It 's easy to use and shows results fast . I used to work in a department store and was running up and down stairs all day . It really helped keep me in shape . Now that I have a desk job , I found that the mini stepper really does simulate that exercise I was getting before . This is definitely a product I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a great lower body workout .
 For anyone with an apartment or small home it would be very hard to beat this low-cost stepper for an excellent workout . It is well made and well constructed , and can be hidden behind the couch -- or placed in a closet -- when not is use . You could even take one to work for an in-cubicle exercise regimen when the weather is too hot or too cold for a walk . -LRB- There is a squeaking sound during operation , which I cured by simply WD4 ` ing the point where the steal cable is attached to its bolts -RRB- . The only small negative about this stepper is the slight odor of hydraulic fluid emanating from the dampers during a vigorous workout . For those who are offended by such a smell , a small fan blowing against the stepper itself will keep this trivial odor away from your nose . Also , the lack of a tension adjustment in this type of device should not pose a problem for the average person -LRB- at first the tension feels quite strong , but after a few minutes the hydraulic dampers move in and out easier as the fluid begins to heat up -RRB- . WARNING -LRB- YMMV -RRB-
 I have this mini stepper in front of my TV in the den . I am able to jump on it for about 20 minutes . 10 minutes in the morning and 10 in the evening . It gives me a good workout in those short brief moments . I am not concerned about the tension because it gives the person something work up to , making it into a fitness goal.It 's easy to assemble . I ordered it from Target online and it took about a week for me to receive . Apparently , most of the stores I tried were all sold out.I would recommend this machine for anyone who is looking to burn a lot of calories in a short period of time .
 Like many other reviewers , I started experiencing squeaking in the stepper after only a few uses . Oiling all the joints with WD-40 seems to have alleviated the problem . The stepper is solidly built , and provides a reasonable workout . Best of all , it 's small and hides away like my Nordic Trac machine never could . It 's perfect for getting in a quick workout while watching The Simpsons .
 The biggest advantage is that its compact and can be used in any part of the house . Pretty good workout . I use it for approximately 30-40 minutes and burn 200 calories . Have owned it for about 2 weeks and am happy with it . Its squeaks a little , after some use , but i 'm not very bothered by it as i usually use it with the TV on . Only disadvantage is that it does not have a difficulty/speed setting . But the difficulty level is pretty good -LRB- also gets easier as you workout because of heat due to friction i guess -RRB- Overall , i think its ideal for people who dont have time to venture outside for a workout . makes a great lower body workout and worth the price . .
 I 've been pretty pleased with this stepper . As others have said , it does develop a moderately disruptive squeak , although I have not yet tried the WD-40 solution mentioned by another reviewer . This is the first non-huge stepper I 've ever used , and I 've been happy with it . Despite the seemingly small maximum step size , it 's easy to regulate your step height by moving your feet closer or further from the back of the step platforms.If your exercise routine demands a constant supply of really big steps , this may not be the stepper for you . If you 're looking for a workout that will get you out of breath but wo n't give you humongous calves , this is a good bet with a nice price .
 Other than the incurable squeaks , it is great ! For the price , I just turn up the TV . It scares the cats though .
 Well worth the -LSB- money -RCB- $ 39.99 and free shipping and handling . I 'm not too sure if i would pay that much more for it . Works great . Great on the buttocks . I use it normally in the living room while watching tv . It takes a little to get use to , especially your balance , but worth it.gina
 I live in a tiny apartment , so this was perfect for my daily workout ! It 's so small and compact , I can use it everyday and then easily store it out of the way . And the workout ? I can really feel the burn in my upper thighs . I usually work out 30 minutes a day while I 'm listening to the radio . It 's perfect for anyone who lives in a small apartment or dorm . And it 's very well-built too . Like the other users have mentioned , it does tend to squeak a bit , but it was n't enough to really annoy me , especially with the music playing .
 I 've got to parrot the other reviewers in saying that this small device is a well built solid machine ! This is made of a heavy gauge square shaped tubular steel , very nicely welded and painted . The electronic `` computer '' works as described , and the `` steps '' are a heavy , slightly yielding plastic , not brittle at all . The hydraulic pistons attached to the underside of the `` steps '' DO in fact , get hot after an intense 30 min . aerobic workout . Also the darn thing does creak with every step , not a small noise either , but a noise that you can get used to with the t.v or radio on in the background . I will in the future try the WD-40 method described in other reviews and will report back with my results . But I can tell you for $ 58.43 delivered it 's a real good deal .
 The stepper is tough to use at first but that 's probably because I 'm out of shape . I 've used it several times but not on a regular basis . The only probably I have is that it 's hard to maintain your balance at times . Otherwise , it 's a great little exercise medium for the price and I like it because it 's small enough to put away anywhere .
 At first it was hard to get used to the stepper . I started using the post of my bed to keep my balance and it worked much better . I like this product . It is small and easy to store . It gives me a good workout when I am unable to make it to the gym .
 I like the stair stepper because it is so small , it does not take up much room and very easy to use .
 This is the first stepper I bought , and I do n't know if they are all like this , but it 's a little hard to step on , meaning I have to use all my might to get each step to sink down . But it 's convenient and the price is great
 I bought this for my husband , so that he could carry his dress shoes on the train . He loves it ! The absorbent lining means that the tops of the shoes stay dry even if the bottoms are wet when he puts them in the bag , and it goes well with his briefcase . There 's even a `` breathing '' vent , so that air can circulate . I highly recommend this product , especially for commuters .
 Received as expected . Excellent delivery time and to a separate address . Thanks .
 These shorts fit perfectly and are the most comfortable pair of shorts I own . I plan own buying a pair in every color , they are that great .
 These shorts are the most comtfortable shorts I 've ever put on . Sometimes I have to check to see if I 'm actually wearing something , you forget that you have them on.Transaction was flawless . Good job amazon !!
 These shorts are great . They are n't `` man-pris '' , the inseam is 5 '' , which for shorter guys like me is perfect -LRB- I 'm `` 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- . The shorts are very tough , and should last through years of fishing in south Louisiana . They dry very quickly and have lots of good storage . Highly recommended .
 I bought these shorts for my son who is 18 . They are a nice fit , elastic waist in the back , and roomy in the legs . They are perfect around the water because they dry very quickly . Would reccommend them for any age group .
 I ahve been wearing these shorts for years . The are rugged and very nice looking . Cool also !
 The quality is Good , the service is good . I will recommend it to my friendsI am very satisfied
 Bought these for my dad for Xmas ... he was very specific about a certain brand and inseam size . Online I could see the inseam size but it was n't printed anywhere else so my Dad was skeptical that I got the right one . But it may have been inside the actual shorts - just not on the bag it came sealed in . He was nervous about opening them in case it was n't right . But other than that he loved the color and the price was competitive .
 I have been wearing these pants for many years . They run small . The l6 inch inseam is perfect for short legs .
 My husband loves these shorts . These were recommended by a friend and ever since he bought them , it 's all he wears now in the summer . These shorts are a good length -LRB- he hates shorts at or below his knee -RRB- and hit about 2 '' above his knee -LRB- he 's 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- . Some good things - they have a velcro waist which allows for much tightening and losening as needed . Easy access pockets , huge openings for full access , and each pocket goes the full length of the short so they are much larger pockets then they appear . Also , pockets are built well such that items do not fall out when sitting . Each pocket has its own spot of velcro to remain closed . My husband did n't care much for the velcro on his wallet pocket and it was very easy to remove just the velcro on this one pocket . These have faded some with washing -LRB- definitely not the bright vibrant blue -RRB- but again , they 've been worn constantly this summer and are n't too faded for something that was probably washed and dried 30 times this summer . Just remember to close the velcro on the waist before washing or everything in your washer will be stuck to this large piece of velcro .
 What a great deal for Columbia shorts . I bought a total of 9 pair for me and my boys . Paid about half what they sell for at the retailers.Great quality expected and delivered from Columbia clothing .
 Like the moon shifting through its phases I found myself trudging along predictably in life . One day was stirred with the next which was stirred with the subsequent day and eventually evenings became a time where I was waiting for the next day to start . I was in a sad state - until I found these shorts . With their clear ruggedness I find it hard to sit at home watching gif 's of cats all afternoon . These shorts inspire me to get out and explore whatever there is to explore . Whether it is the library or a hiking trail I find that these are my `` get up and get out '' shorts .
 Columbia makes an awesome pair of `` Half Moon '' shorts for guys who want a remarkably comfortable pair of shorts . Mine fit easily and I agree with the reviewer who writes that these are so comfortable you just might forget you have them on ! You ca n't get any better than that.I do n't fish but I do wear these on hot days when I am walking a lot ; and these are going to come in very handy when I slowly but surely begin hiking for exercise , too . I wo n't want heavy shorts when I begin hiking.The stitching is very well done and I like the way they made the pockets -- really good . The front pockets could n't have been designed better and the back pocket lets me carry even more . The inseam is just about right for a guy my height -LRB- 5 ' 7 '' -RRB- . Of course , other guys -- including taller guys -- may want to continue looking for shorts that have a longer inseam.These are 100 % cotton but of course you can wash them easily in the regular washer and dryer . They require no special care.I highly recommend these shorts ; they are very well made and they should last years . The only limitation I can think of is that some guys may want a longer inseam ; but otherwise these are terrific .
 These shorts are super comfortable with the adjustable waist . The pocket layout is great for activites like fishing and working around the house . Recomended .
 This is my second pair of the Columbia Half Moon shorts . I 've had the first pairfor a couple of years and decided I wanted another pair . They are comfortable and versatile . The service was excellent .
 Got this for a Taurus PT-99 -LRB- Beretta 92 clone -RRB- and it fits perfectly ! Excellent case , looks just like your average hard pistol case you 'd get with a purchase of a new pistol or like the ones they have on the shelves at gun stores .
 This case is much more durable than I expected . It 's a great case to protect your air pistols . My son keeps his air pistol in it when it 's not in use . It 's great for taking your air pistol on the go . I 'd highly recommend this quality case .
 Great case for a long bbl pistol . I looked all overand most cases will not fit a long bbl pistol . This one works beautifullyfor a Ruger 22/45 . It also has room for 3 spare magazines .
 The case has some solid latches on it and the foam inside keeps the pistol secure from moving around . However , the plastic is thin enough that someone could still bend it open even while locked and remove the gun . Basically I see it as satisfying the law that the pistol be in a locked case while transporting it , but not adequate to really keep someone from removing the gun if they had some strength and time to do it .
 Works excellent for my full size Smith and Wesson pistol and one extra magazine . The case is pretty sturdy and has lasted me for 7 months of range trips -LRB- 1-2 times per week -RRB- with no sign of failing . Foam inserts are nice and keep the pistol in place . There is a hole for a padlock to be used for states -LRB- like CA -RRB- that require a pistol be transported in a locked container . Will be buying again for future handguns . Product is also MADE IN THE UNITED STATES .
 Excellent case . My 9mm Beretta 92FS fits perfectly in the case . Has a place to put your own lock for security during transportation . Highly recommend it !
 Well , at the first glance , I thought this is too small . I was wrong , I was able to put my full size 4.92 '' inch barrel semi-automatic pistol - Beretta 92FS Inox and 5 more magazines all inside this gun case . I was amazed , but it is true , if you think it is too small , move your pieces around and they will fit . Now I can carry it everywhere and not being too bulky , I love it .
 Very nice cases . Secure latches , and nice padding on the inside . I use them for pipe fitting tools at work .
 Very nice product for price . I use it for storage , if you want security pay more and buy a different case .
 Great product ! Well made and not too big or small - perfect size for a single pistol . There 's even room to store up to 3 clips , a cleaning rod , and a cleaning cloth . The foam is thick and protective ; it keeps everything in place . -LRB- I shook the case violently with gun and clip inside as a test - neither moved at all -RRB- I 'd recommend this case to anyone - it 's easily worth twice what you pay for it .
 I picked up a pair of these cases to better store my father 's old 357 and to replace my old .22 c case . Like anything Plano it has very sturdy construction and the padding foam looks like it will hold up just as much if not better than some of my older , more expensive cases .
 I 'm an amateur astronomer , and use one of these to hold fragile accessories , such as eyepieces . It works quite well . I 'm not sure how it would do with a firearm , but I can only imagine just as well .
 this is a really nice caseit has foam , 2 latches , and even a plave for a padlock -LRB- which i use and it works great too ! -RRB- nice product all around !
 As with all Plano products , this is well made , you can lock with with your own padlock and meets all requirements for transporting a single pistol . You ca n't go wrong with a Plano product !
 I 've been a big fan of Plano cases for decades and use them for fishing , transporting of fishing rods & reels , lures , guns , etc. . The minute I saw this case I ordered it and thought would it really be that great of case for only $ 12 - $ 15 price range ? Wow - look how simple this case is when you receive it and you 'll immediately see the simplicity and durability of PLANO . I use the case just to hold whatever gun project that I 'm currently working on , tweaking , touching up , etc. . My case holds a Smith & Wesson 6906 and a Smith and Wesson 37 just perfectly . It 's also great it you do n't feel like lugging the bigger gun bag to the range and just need a case to throw in a couple of shooters . It holds the .45 single action perfectly with a box of ammunition . It 's a great small case for whatever you desire to place inside and toss in the car , under the seat , in the trunk - whatever . It is also a lockable case if there is something that needs to be secured for example ; air travel and registered items that must be separated from general cargo luggage , especially if you are transporting firearms from state to state . This case is tough enough to use it for whatever item you desire to protect with its thick , resilient , foam-padding upper and lower . The closure snaps on this case are big enough and strong enough to hold your cargo tightly sealed . They are the same snaps used on my PLANO rifle case which has been back and forth the USA on a number of hunting trips . PLANO makes a great product and I can not believe that this case sold for only $ 13 . Think about the last time you bought an item for $ 13 that will last you as long as a PLANO . You wo n't find it and I believe PLANO has found a very unique niche for this size case . I really like all of mine and will continue to support the `` MADE IN USA - PLANO PRODUCTS ! '' Buy one and give it a beating - your PLANO case can take it .
 Nice little case for my 9mm . Plenty for room for an extra mag or two . Do n't forget you need safety glasses , ammo , and hearing protection for the range . Consider buying a range bag or backpack to carry all the supplies and targets .
 The lock hole is tiny on this so it only fits a small luggage lock . You can buy a big lock and go around the handle but what 's the point when someone wants in they can break the case pretty easily on the back hinged side . Anyway , this holds a ton of ammo with the egg-shell protectors removed . I have two boxes of 40 , 2 slug , 2 buck shot , and two boxes of .223 with room to also fit my two AR magazines . It 's a nice little -LRB- good sized -RRB- box for whatever . And the price just ca n't be beat !!!
 These little gun cases are great . Well worth the 6 dollars I paid for them . I purchased 6 , and I may get a few more . Great deal from Amazon.com as usual ... Bob
 I bought this for my Taurus TCP 738 , -LRB- .380 -RRB- . It has room for a box of shells , my pistol -LRB- in its holster -RRB- , my trigger lock -LRB- off the weapon -RRB- , and two extra mags . This would easily carry a 1911 and a 6 ' revolver . It also has a place to put a external pad lock . Good buy for a Great price !
 Solid on the outside , soft on the inside . Holds my 9mm , 2 clips , thing of snapcaps , hearing protecion , and multitool all safely . 1 star off due to the location and size of the holes for a padlock . pretty much unusable location for a guy with large hands .
 Simple , no frills case . Is certainly not a substitute for a safe , but it works for carring around and storing your gun .
 A decent priced case for my first gun . Easily fit a 9mm Sig , along with a mag and 2x50 round boxes . Was n't looking for anything fancy , and it delivered just what I was looking for .
 great product fit gun and extra parts nice foam inside keeps everything in place had other cases but they dont compare to this one
 Good case for a great price . I bought two of these and they were just what we needed . Perfect size and the included foam is ideal for storing our pistols .
 Excellent price -LRB- just under $ 10 with free 2 day shipping -RRB- and good quality . I would buy another one in the future for sure it has plenty of space inside and the foam padding works great .
 This is a great case for a semi-auto or revolver . I use it with a Ruger 9mm . It easily holds the pistol and 2 clips with just enough room to spare . I can close the case and shake it and nothing moves inside.It has a spot for a small lock which would be effective to keep children out , but that 's really the only use .
 This is the first smaller Plano case I have bought . I have two of the 4 pistol cases . This is just as good as them and alot more mobile . Great case and great protection .
 Works great , have a p226 in it with mag and a lil space left.And has convenient padlock hole ... Buying a few more , my new go-to case .
 A very nice and sturdy plastic gun case . Great for transporting your gun to and from the range . I bought this for a Glock 9mm . It has plenty of room for that . Foam lining keeps things from moving around . I can fit this case into my gear bag with my ear protection , glasses , and extras . Very well priced and practical .
 Works well for two smaller revolvers , both 22 calibers . Locking feature allows transporting thru California . Silly law for out of state carry permit owners .
 This is the best case i 've ever used . The seller shipped it to me with great care , and it arrived on time . It is very cushioned inside the case , so the gun will be perfectly fine if you drop it . I have a Samc11 Airsoft pistol , and it fits with plenty of room for up to six 6mm . clips . Great case , great product , great service.I would defiantly recommend this seller to a friend . I would also buy again from this seller . Thank you for a great case to protect my Airsoft pistol . Also a great experience !
 Though I was a bit skeptical about this case , it turned out to be great . Holds my M&P 9mm with both magazines perfectly . Very light weight but full of sturdy foam . Upon my next pistol purchase I will certainly buy another one of these .
 Case works great for single full size auto pistols but I carry two .38 specials in mine and I could n't be happier .
 Depending on your requirements this may be just fine . The price is certainly decent . I had hoped this would not only serve to protect for car travel but would work for flying . So , I got one out of two for $ 10 . The plastic is much thinner than I expected -LRB- this is definitely not an Otterbox or Pelican case -RRB- but the foam is very thick . When the case is closed up , I think it does an adequate job of protecting a handgun -LRB- or two if one is small like an LCP -RRB- for casual travel or throwing into the trunk of your car.Unfortunately , this is not going to cut it for airplane travel . As others have mentioned , even with it locked , if you pop open the snaps , you can absolutely pry the sides open and take out whatever is inside . It would take only seconds.It seems very well made just not super secure . Honestly , in hindsight , I wish I 'd saved the $ 10 and put it toward a Pelican . YMMV .
 It may say , SINGLE pistol holder , but I can actually put 2 of my 3 hand guns in there along with their clips . Makes it easier to transport when I shoot at the range . A great investment !!!
 The foam inside works well -- and the case has secure clasps.Couldn ' t be more happy ... Fit my Smith and Wesson 357 snugly .
 Bought this for a Smith and Wesson SD9VE . Plenty of room for the gun and 2 magazines . Durable and lockable as well . Highly recommend this product for storage or transporting .
 I was able to fit my Bersa .40 along with 3 magazines comfortably in this case . It took a couple of bumps and one quick drop with no damage to the case . I do have to note that because of the low price of this case something had to be sacrificed . After using this case about a dozen times I noticed that the lid alignments were off some , although with a quick jerk that issue is fixed . Also , the glue used for the foam was not top brand glue , but that also is not a big issue as I sometimes cut into and use the thick sides of the foam to store a mini cleaning kit . So the same issue of lid alignment and foam regluing you can get in flimsy gun cases -LRB- any case of less than a $ 50 value -RRB- was not avoided here , but you get what you pay for . All in all , if you are not going to invest a larger amount of money in a high quality handgun case , then this is the best pick of the cheap cases hands down so I 'll give it 4 stars based on quality vs price .
 I bought this for my husbands Glock for his birthday . It 's durable , light weight , and his gun stays in place when case is moved around . My husband is in the military and has recommended this product to all his soldiers underneath him . Very pleased !
 I bought this hoping it would fit my Smith & Wesson 22A and it did !! I could n't be happier with this purchase , it 's good quality and a great price ! You ca n't beat it ! I 've uploaded a picture with my gun in the case .
 I got this case for my Taurus pt92 afs . This case not only fits my Taurus but it fits my GLOCK 22 as well.Price is reasonable for this case . I will get one more in near future .
 This case is ideal for my Bersa and a couple of magazines . It is solid and keeps everything secure . For the money , it was a great deal .
 Ca n't beat it for the price . Is actually large enough for 1 large and 1 small pistol or 2 medium pistols without shifting and rattling together .
 I easily fit two .357 magnums into this case . they do n't slide around are are being stored vertically . Definitely pleased with this purchase .
 I have my 9 mm Glock with 2 magazines & my loader in there & they all fit . Comfortably . So when we choose to go target shooting , I 'm ready . But it 's Plano . They make this style of item very well . I also have a tackle box that I use for sewing items & I bought a shotgun case for my husband . All of them by Plano .
 The case is quite good for taking my primary weapon & two mags to the range and in fact I bought two cases one for me and one for a friend .
 It 's a basic case , so no complaints there . I bought it for my dad so that he could safely transport his pistol to the shooting range whenever we go . After buying it , I found it at Academy sports for a few bucks less . However , I 'm sure some of the price difference on Amazon was the shipping costs built in . No big deal . Would definitely buy it again .
 I just got my case in . Came on time as usual , Thanks amazon ! The only thing bad I have to say is that a local store has it for $ 6.99 . Other than that it is exactly what I wanted , my SR9 , clips and fits well .
 Ca n't beat it for the money.Roughly about the same quality of a Plano tackle box . good for lower to mid-priced guns .
 I needed a case for my BB handgun . This case fills the bill . I 's sturdy , looks good , and keeps the weather out .
 I got this to store my new pistols , it does come with a loop latch that you can place a small padlock on to lock the case , while it does the job , it does feel a little flimsy in the hand but i have had no issues with it .
 Good case . In some areas , better than I received with my original case . I can use it for a number of different guns . Hard to fit in a safe , though .
 Its good case for one small handgun . What more can I say out a gun case except it 's decent case .
 Seems to be OK for what you pay . Nice for storing your guns if you do n't have a gun safe or a dedicated pistol rack .
 I was searching for a new case to hold my gun in at home bedside , as well as take to the range . This was exacyly the item I was looking for . It 's capable of holding my loaded SA XD40 Service fully loaded , as well as 2 extra fully loaded magazines . The hole for the external lock on the case is small so you will need a smaller lock . I found a good lock at the $ .99 store and it works just fine . This case is rugged enough for your day to day activities at home or on the range I would recommend this product to anyone needing a single gun case . Also saw recently that they have these for the $ 10 at Bass Pro Shops as well .
 Nice little case for moving your pistol to and from the range . Its cheap plastic so do n't look for it as a deterrent to theft . You are able to put a lock on the case if you desire to slow down opening the case . However , it would be easy just to break the plastic and pry it open .
 I bought this case locally at a sporting goods store for $ 11 . I store an airsoft pistol in the case and it fits in a small drawer . The foam inside makes for a tight fit . I may carry GPS and camera in the case too on a future trip if need be . This thing is cheap and if it does n't last a year carrying various items , it 's only $ 11 . If you have more valuable items or need a locking mechanism or water resistence , you may want to look at a pelican case .
 Compact and fits my 6inch revolver , some ammo and feels awesome . Not too shabby for 10 buckers . I think Wally Mart had same type but bigger .
 The product was what I ordered and I got it a day earlier than estimated ! WOW , what service ! The pistol case is exactly what it said it was ... how unique!If I need another one , I would order it from Amazon and Sportman 's Guide . Great job from both !
 I purchased this to carry my full size 9mm pistol when I go to the range . It fits that roll perfectly . The pistol and three clips fit in the case snuggly.I docked a star because I have purchased the same case through a local store and was using it to store an old .22 lr pistol . It had sat in the case for two weeks and when I went to use the pistol it had completely rusted.This case is fantastic and durable enough to transport your pistol in but I would look for a case that seals if you plan to store a fire arm . Also desiccants are a fantastic investment .
 I was n't sure when I ordered this if it would be big enough , but it 's the perfect size to carry my DW 357 Revolver and a few auto load cartridges . Very sturdy and lots of padding inside to keep everything secure !
 Ca n't beat this for the money ! Does exactly what it is supposed to do . I would buy it again !
 This protects and stores two guns perfectly . I dont have to worry about any damage when they are in this case .
 Solid construction , great fit . Ordered a rifle case based on what I see in the handgun case . A good choice for storing guns .
 Good case for the money . Well made and functional . It fit my XD-SC9 just fine with no issues . Would recommend !
 Just as advertised . Gave to a friend for a Christmas present . Highly recomment the vendor and product . You ca n't go wrong for the price .
 This case is exactly what I needed to hold my handgun and three magazines . The plastic is sturdy and the size is perfect . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Exactly what I expected ... My Sig SP2022 fits in nicely and the box closes with no problems , even with an extra magazine .
 all i needed was something to store my gun in , and for $ 10 this case works great . its just the right size and is sturdy enough to hold under some weight .
 great price . great product . i have more of these . they wont withstand an airport handler but are great to go back and forth to range with .
 Was exactly as explained on the site . Works great and fot it super fast . Heard some bad things about this item but they were wrong . Check ouut what they are charging for similar items at your local store and you 'll see this is a great deal .
 This has solid construction and snugly holds all contents . This should however only be used as a simple storage case and should not contain any ammo . As the construction of the case and placement of its lock loop allows quite easy access to the weapon regardless of which direction you store it . So this should not be a storage alternative for home defense or loaded firearms , but also is the absolute poorest construction and security to use as a travel case to check a weapon in with while traveling.This is not for people with kids ! I promise you a child CAN get into this with a lock on it . The lock loop to me seems more of a formality and aesthetic general requirement more than an actual safeguard to protect the case 's contents . Do not count on it 's safety !
 Perfect fit for my daughters 22 magnum 61/2 '' barrel . Looks good , holds a few 50 round boxs of ammo als .
 my order came in today.The case can hold my p-11 9mm luger and 2 extra clips.The case fits good under my truck seat.The padding in the case is thick enough where my 9mm and the clips dosent move around.You can also lock the case.If I buy any more cases I will still get Plano cases .
 I 'm pretty new to being a handgun owner , so just wanted a cheap but reliable case for transport to the range . As mentioned by someone else , just glue the two foam pieces down and this is perfect . Threw the handgun in with two magazines and shut the case with no problem . For the price , this is a great product . $ 10.05 with free shipping . ** update 2/13/13 ** I 've had this case for awhile now and it 's still working great . I have currently been successfully able to cram my Bersa Thunder 9mm UC along with four magazines in it - and that 's with no magazine loaded , so technically you could fit one more in the gun itself , which is awesome space utilization . That makes it extremely easy to transport to the range . Great case , I might even pick up another as I add to my collection .
 For the price , this is an excellent little case for transporting my pistol . Nothing fancy , know you are getting plastic and you wo n't be disappointed . I did have some trouble closing it at first , but I think that was because it was new and it needed to be broken in to fit my pistol . Convenient and lightweight , a basic purchase if you want something practical that is not going to break the bank .
 This case is well put together and tough enough to withstand some hard knocks . It is a nicer case than what was provided with several of my `` more expensive '' pistols . Large enough for a 1911 type pistol . Highly recommended !
 great case for my smith & wesson 9mm pistol , would recommend to any gun owner that wants to keep gun safe and clean . It holds gun securely and light weight . Great service and quick shipping ! thank you !
 This is a wonderful case for your guns ! it is very big , very sturdy , and very reliable ! I use it for my airsoft gun . i am able to fit the gun , 2 mags , a speed loader , 2 co2 cartridges , crosman pellgunoil , and a laser in the case . totally worth the money !
 this is a small case for small arms , its great product i carry my gun when i go to the range in the box .
 Just as advertised . Very nice , durable , gun transport/storage case . I transport/store my Taurus PT92 9mm pistol and 2 fifteen round magazines ... with enough room for one more . Just like fishing gear , Plano makes great stuff . For the price , it 's difficult to compare .
 Plano 's single pistol case is sturdy and protects my pistol during transport to the range . Internal foam provides firm support for hand-carrying purposes . The plastic construction together with the snaps for opening and closing are well made . Got more than expected from the pricing . Eyelet for lock installation provides additional security .
 Basic pistol case , can be used for many other devices requiring padding and a rigid case -LRB- electronics , sensitive measuring equipment , etc -RRB- or just a locking case .
 This is a perfect back-up case ! I keep my Glock in a holster 90 % of the time but this is exactly what I wanted for travel or storage outside of the gun safe . Super cheap price , ca n't beat it !
 This is a good case , well built , and certainly well worth the money . Really ca n't say much more than that .
 If you are looking for a hand gun carrier , this would be it . 4 guns fit with no problems , however , no room to carry anything else . You ca n't beat the price for what it does .
 This is a really good case for my pistol . Has room for 2 mags , my pistol , -LRB- in the holster ! -RRB- , and a few cleaning tools ! Sturdy , with a nice location for the lock . I 'm pleased as always with Amazon 's prompt and fast delivery .
 I looked at another pistol case in a store that was selling for the same price , and this one was much , much better . For what they 're charging , I do n't think you can beat the quality . The shipping was most prompt as well .
 This pistol case is exactly what I needed . My pistol and 2 clips fit in the case so do n't have to worry about where the second clip might be . It keeps my pistol well protected from the elements and is well padded .
 After searching I came across this case . I was very pleased with the size and space inside the case . Plenty of room for a handgun plus two clips . For the price and quality of this case you ca n't go wrong .
 Great little case for the price . Fits revolver with 2 '' barrel , gun lock , speed loader just fine . Cushioning is good . Just what I wanted .
 I just needed a couple of cases for my Colt Commander and Walther PPK . These cases worked great . I was able to put a pistol and spare clip in each case and it worked great . Exactly what I was looking for and in a great price range !
 Works great with my handgun . I can fit my holster , gun and an extra clip in the case . Ca n't beat the price !!
 I purchased this case because I received my first gun -LRB- S.A. 177 -RRB- , albeit a BB gun , this past month as a gift . I knew I needed a small case for this pistol to keep it discretely out of sight of prying eyes . What I like most about this case is the fast shipping , low cost and ease of function . It works well and latches nicely . It stores the pistol , the mag , and a few extras . It keeps the gun securely positioned during movement . However , it 's not a very solid construction , and just putting a lock on it still wo n't be able to keep determined persons out of the case . The item description is somewhat misleading . There are two latches to close the case . But they are not lockable . There is a single lock point at one inside corner of the handle . Since the case is composed of a simple plastic polymer it has plenty of bend and give to it around that lockable point . As such , and due to the $ 10 price tag , this case is definitely better suited for storage of pellet/BB pistols or a quick transfer of a pistol from the house to the range .
 First of all , the shipping for this item was extremely fast . This is a great case for transporting my Ruger P-89 to the range . The padding is good and will protect the gun well during transport . I am very happy with the product !
 For me , this is a 4-star item made better than that based on its price & my use for it . I bought this for my Crosman .357 pellet pistol . It fits perfectly and leaves ample room for 5-6 reload clips and a couple of CO2 cartridges . Construction is lightweight but sturdy ; fine for my needs . I would NOT use it for secure storage of a standard firearm as it can be too easily compromised by a child , even with a lock . If you are looking for serious handgun storage , this is not it . For pellet handgun storage , though , it is an excellent and inexpensive solution ; highly recommended for this use .
 perfect for storing tattoo machines instead of pistols , in new condition , hopefully it holds up . will fit 4 machines nicely .
 My Springfield Armory XDm 9mm -LRB- 4.5 '' -RRB- came in a huge gun case because it came with a bunch of accessories . I wanted a smaller case that I could fit in a gym bag for trips to the range . This case fit the bill perfectly . I had ample room for the gun and two magazines inside and I could probably fit two more magazines in there if I wanted to . The clasps seem pretty secure . I was initially concerned that the parts might slide around and rub together while the case was closed , but after I tried it , I realized it would n't be a problem . The foam was such a tight fit around the gun that the case actually bowed out slightly on both sides , so I know it 's a tight fit inside . This is n't a super sturdy case , but it 's perfect to use while transporting to/from the range . Great value for the money .
 If you are looking for a great looking showcase case for you 're pistol , look elsewhere . If you want a simple , cost effective way to store and take your pistol to the range then buy this . It may not look like much , and trust me it does n't but it 's horribly effective at doing what it needs . It stores my .40 Smith & Wessen Sigma with a laser rail expansion and both clips with room to spare . Heck I can actually get a sub-compact in there too and possibly a clip from that if I need to . It also has a small spot under the handle for a little pad lock if you need to keep it secure .
 Ten bucks with free shipping available for a pistol case ? Sure . This thing is sturdy and easily fits a handgun and maybe a clip or two , depending on the size of the weapon . Next to the handle is a small padlock hole , as well .
 If you need an inexpensive pistol hard case , this one is perfect.Bought a whole bunch , if you get something without factory peripherals , this takes care of that exceedingly well.For $ 10 , you should buy a slew of these , they 'll be worth their weight when you need a simple case to carry your pistol/camera/electronics / etc. .
 When the case arrived it had a huge dent in it that prevented one side from closing or latching . It was not due to shipping because the box it and the other items I ordered were undamaged . I hated to deal with sending it back so my husband used a vise to hold it into position a couple of days and it removed enough of the dent so that it would close properly . The case is a great size and nicely padded . Just wish whomever packed it would have looked at it before sending it out .
 nice pistol case , good durability , not as big as i expected , holds my 2 full metal gas blowback 1911 desert warriors very well , do recommend .
 The shipment was on time and undamaged , it is everything the review said it would . It holds more than what I looks like too .
 Fits a `` S&W M&P 40 '' .144 BB pistol , laser sight and 3 BB magazine clips easily . Nice and compact , about 2/3 the size of the actual S&W case . Rugged Plano design . Can be locked with an optional outside lock , just like the bigger cases . Highly recommended !
 This small simple inexpensive case is perfect for my `` Judge '' pistol . It would also work very well for a `` Baby Glock ''
 Works as it should and quality seems fine . I can even fit 2 pistols in this case without a lot of trouble . Good buy .
 Got this for my Ruger P95 . Plenty of room for the gun , both 15 round clips and the speed loader .
 Been Selling off my Gun collection and started using these to ship Handguns that do n't have The Original Box . Just put gun inside and wrap Handgun Case in Cardboard and they are ready for UPS shipping . Ordered 4 last week and ordered 4 today . Very Quick Shipping from seller . Well worth the $ 8.00 to protect expensive Handguns . Perfect Size !
 This is a good case for a great price . Its big enough to fit my Ruger GP100 4in and my Walter P22 5in . It 's also wide enough to fit both those guns with trigger locks ! The padding may make it a bit harder to close especially with the locks but then you know your guns are n't going to move around or get scratched . Very good buy !
 I bought five of these several months ago and was pleasantly surprised to find them to be even better quality than I anticipated . In fact I like them so well , I am ordering two more ! Each of these will hold a standard size or smaller automatic -LRB- in holster -RRB- plus at least two additional magazines or a snub nose revolver -LRB- in holster -RRB- plus two speed loaders . Excellent value for the money !
 Nice little case , the hinges and tabs are pined . The tabs snap tight and the case it 's self can take a swift 12Oz ball peen hammer blow -LRB- because I tried it lol -RRB- . It 's so small I do n't think foam thickness or firmness would be much of an issue unless you had a seriously heavy thing in it . Or you had it cram packed with no wiggle room . It 's not a fitting case folks , just egg create foam in a plastic shell for a cheap price ... On security it 's like this , all you 're doing is making it easy for someone to haul the things off buy having stuff in a case , or tool box or bag or box ect ect ect ... . If they want what 's inside bad enough they 'll steal the case and worry about getting into it later .
 I bought this particular case for my CO2 pistol and was able to get the pistol , 5 co2 cartridges and one 350 count bb tube into it .
 The case works well for transportation to and from the gun range , keeps my firearm in a secured position . That being said , I would not use a lock on this plastic case , it is made out of a thin plastic and can easily be broken into.Well worth the $ 11 price tag for simple transportation .
 This gun case is a good product because it does what I ask for . Keeps the inside dry and has plenty of cushion . To open and close the case is easy and I like the portals for a lock .
 This case fits my Smith & Wesson 5906 with room for all three mags . The case is good quality and protects my gun two and from the range . A must buy for avid shooters !
 This is a very well constructed case for holding anything , i use two for my pistols and one for my camera . The foam is thick , but not crushing the item . The latches are secure and the items stay in place during travel . Also if you look around the edges on the inside of the case there is a space for a o-ring rubber seal to make it waterproof , overall terrific case for the money .
 This is a solid case that will protect the contents and can be locked to comply with state laws for handgun transportation . The quality is much higher than what I was expecting for it 's nominal price . It fits my Glock 17 and Mag with room to spare .
 I bought this for my newly purchased 1006 S&W 10mm . Holds the gun along with 2 clips . Enough room on all sides there should n't be any problem . I would recommend to anyone and will purchase more in the future . Great price for good protection of your fire arm .
 This case securely holds my handgun , ammo , and some extras very well . It contains two holes to add locks to for extra security and the inside foam padding protects the components it holds . Awesome case .
 Took a chance on PLANO product due to great success with tool boxes , parts cabinets etc. . It holds a great deal . . Ruger LC9 , EIGHT mags , some cleaning patches . Eight magazines are a night 's good shooting at the range.I just hope this PLANO product lasts as long as my others . Good product and does n't look like a gun carrier .
 You ca n't beat this for the price for storing a handgun . I keep a S&W 357 magnum and 3 speedloaders in the case . Quality is good overal plastic . The latches work fine and appear to be decent for plastic .
 Have 9MM and .45 Auto handguns in these cases , with room for extra clips . Well made hinges and double clasps with egg crate foam double liner . Not your deluxe S&W cut out foam case , but will do the job , even with large frame .45 auto handguns . Padlock -LRB- not included -RRB- lockable and the quality you 've seen in Plano tackle boxes for a long time .
 I bought it from The Sportsman 's Guide just to transport my revolver on an airline . Excellent service from the seller , and the case satisfied both the airline and the TSA , so I am delighted with the purchase and recommend this pistol case .
 You are not going to find a case this durable for the price . My 9mm with extra mags fit with room to boot . One would easily think this case would sell for $ 30 or more .
 I bought two of these . One for a .32 S&W and the other for a Taurus PT-92 AF 9mm . They both fit nicely with room to spare for extra clips and such . Sturdy design and a snug fit . All around , you ca n't beat this case for the price .
 Great value for the money . I have purchased this item in the past and just bought more . Protects your weapon at a very affordable price .
 This is not a highly secure case . It has a plastic hinge and the lock tabs are lightweight plastic . If you are looking for a very secure case look elsewere.This case is an incredible value . It is well padded , with the same eggcrate foam that you find in much more expensive cases . and the molded plastic case is well made and fits together very well . It is the perfect size for a single medium sized revolver or semi-automatic pistol and meets the California requirement for a locking pistol case . This is perfect if you keep your guns in a safe and just need a light locking case to transport your gun to the range for practice.I bought the case with Amazon Prime shipping and it arrived in two days , and I am not sure if we are allowed to put prices in these reviews , but needless to say it was CHEAP and well worth the money.Highly recommended
 First off , I want people to know that this case is n't the quality of a Pelican case , but it 's also nowhere near the cost of a Pelican case . For the money , this case serves my needs very well . It is well constructed . The hinges seem sturdy , as do the latches . It has provisions for a padlock which is always a plus . The foam fits the interior very well . For less than $ 20 , you ca n't go wrong with this pistol case . It 's plenty large enough for a large-frame handgun or even two small-frame handguns.If you 're looking for airtight/watertight storage for your pistol -LRB- s -RRB- , buy a Pelican case . If you 're looking for something to carry your pistol -LRB- s -RRB- to the range while also being able to lock and store them at home , look no further than this case . The Plano company has been around for a long time and it 's because they generally make quality , affordable products . I give this case two thumbs up . If I had three thumbs , it would get all three .
 The Plano pistol case is well made , has foam inserts , and the 2 fasteners work fine to keep the case closed even with rough handling . I would buy it again .
 I bought this for my S & W Sigma .40 and a smaller Davis .380 . It holds both with room for an extra magazine for each . It 's plenty sturdy and has holes for two padlocks for safety .
 This case fits my pistol well and is securely padded . My only fault with it is that the plastic is rather thin and it distorts when closing for locking so I have to be sure to grip it correctly so that the clasps align for latching . It will in no way protect your pistol from theft so you need to have a secure vault for home storage , but as a carrier it works just fine ,
 Simple , cheap , does what it 's supposed to . Decent quality . Fits a full size handgun and magazine with room to spare .
 This case fits my Glock 21 without any problems along with its 3 mags . It is sturdy enough for what I use it for .
 Bought this on an Amazon Deal for peanuts ; VERY satisfied ! This is one sturdy little case . Has a place for a lock . I like this so well that I purchased another one for my husband . He really likes it ! Great product !
 My Beretta M9 did not come with a case out of the box , and after spending 600 + I was looking for something that I could take it to the range in and not break the bank -LRB- more -RRB- . It fits my full sized M9 and two clips with some room to spare.you do get what you pay for . Its cheap plastic and foam inserts . I could have spent $ 80ish on the Beretta case with the cut outs and better quality , but did I really need all that ? for the price this is perfect . I take my pistol and mags to and from the range in it and never have any issues . yes the plastic is flexible , but I have n't had any issues.if your looking for high quality storage and some eye candy in a case . . dont buy this one . This case gets the job done and for 11ish bucks thats all I could ask for.If this one ever breaks I will probably just spend another 11 bucks and buy it again . for the price you cant go wrong .
 I love this case . I am able to put a springfield XD and two magazines comfortably in it and transport them around . There is little to no movement so it is a tight seal , as well as the plastic seems very durable.I would recommend this product to someone looking for an inexpensive alternative for a nice pistol case .
 Yes it is cheap , but it will secure and protect your weapon . Way better choice to ad hoc bags , boxes , or ammo cans .
 A thank you to Massey 's Outfitters for having the cobalt color in stock , it is very beautiful and bright without being obnoxious . I normally walk to work -LRB- night shift -RRB- and I am confident that even in the dark and rain I will be very visible to drivers in this jacket . It is very lightweight which I appreciate as I will be moving overseas in a few months and will have to leave a lot behind , but not this jacket . The jacket goes . I am 5 ' 6 '' , 33 '' waist , 36 '' bust and carrying some extra weight -LRB- 156 lbs -RRB- so I bought a medium . Even with the extra weight I 've gained , I will still be able to fit a micro puffer jacket or sherpa hoodie underneath this rain coat when the weather calls for it .
 Marmot knows how to cut a jacket . It was one of the few I tried that had good hood coverage . On other coats -LRB- REI , Patagonia -RRB- , the hood dipped over my eyes , or sat too far back on my head . The only alternate I considered was North Face . I opted for this as I was traveling to the rain forest and needed feather-light gear . It kept me bone dry as I hiked through Costa Rica downpours . Only downside -- white stained easily . Zipper pocket broke on first wear .
 Hi quality and great finish . The chrome / polishing adds a great look . You ca n't go wrong with Curt Manufacturing products .
 This shirt is thin and cool ... great fabric for wicking away perspiration while you work out or play sports . XL runs a bit small compared to traditional XL shirt sizes , so if you like your shirts a little more roomy , order size accordingly .
 My girlfriend loves it . She can sport her team spirit with a little bit of sexiness . She loves the detail on the red piping and straps . It says New York Giants in red embroidered letters .
 I got this watch for my girlfriend 's son for his 9th birthday because they had just moved to new york . He loves the watch .
 This board rack is very easy to install , use and take down , AAAA + + + +
 WHATS NOT TO LIKE ?! IF YOUR AN ATLANTA BRAVES FAN YOU MUST ADD THESE TO YOUR COLLECTION . I GOT THEM FOR MY SEVENTEEN YEAR OLD GRANDSON 'S BIRTHDAY . HE WAS VERY HAPPY ! VERY NICE QUALITY .
 Purchased this rod on Amazon for an upcoming Florida trip in Feb/13 . Bought it with the idea it would be great for redfish and sea trout , matched with a Shimano Sustain 4000 reel and 10 lb . test . The rod is light with great balance and workmanship . The quality and construction match more expensive rods by another manufacturer . The rod was purchased thru Swanson 's Bait and Tackle at a good price with tremendous service . I was able to break in the rod on smallmouth bass and pike on Lake St. Clair . It was up to expectations including landing one 18 lb . muskie . I would recommend this rod .
 We had been shopping around for life jackets for our boat but everything we saw was really expensive . Then we decided to look on amazon , I was really impressed with the quality for the price and we used the standard shipping and we got them in a couple of days . Would highly recommend these life jackets !!!! we will shop for more things on amazon from now on .
 It is great for the universal side of it , people in my house hold all fit into the life jackets.X20 Universal Adult Life Jacket Vest - Red & Black
 Good price at $ 20 , nice handy life jacket for water sports . Fits high , wish it was about 3 inches lower so it does n't bunch up at the neck .
 This is my first life jacket Ive ever purchased ... Mine didnt look exactly like the picture but no big deal ... it has a black design that is smaller and not the big white design like in the picture ... It fits well , is comfortable , and Im sure it will help me make it to shore if anything happens ... It is just a little tight fitting around the neck , but thats what its supposed to do ... some of the pics of others look like there is more room around the neck , but maybe they wouldnt work as well keeping your head out of the water ... for 20 bucks you cant beat it ...
 We used this jacket for the first time , it feel OK and comfortable . Very easy to adjust any size to fix everyone . We like it .
 I suppose it 's worth what I paid for it , however calling it Adult size is a stretch . This is not a vest I would want to wear for very long but I would n't want to tread water for very long either.I would not consider buying a second one.I gave it four stars because I ca n't blame the manufacturer me being cheap .
 I got it for my sister to use on the Yakima River . I have n't measured how big it can go but there was plenty of room for my sister in it . She did n't come close to drowning while wearing it so there was no real test of its capabilities . It will be on the river again next year .
 This is a very affordable price for a PFD to buy . It a required for everyone ridindg on a small boat . This PFD is very styling and has 2 different colors . The only negative about this PFD is it can only be used for calm water
 Received before expected . Item was as described . It fixed perfectly to my son and to myself . It is high quality and confortable article .
 It does what it was intended to do . Very light and easy to put on and off . It is very comfortable to wear and it is made of good material.Great adjustable straps for diferent types of bodies and shapes .
 The jacket is light weight and ergonomic . It is easy to row with , folds tight for storage and is easy to fish and row with .
 If you buy this and are expecting a top of the line PFD that you can wear all day and not notice that you have on , you most likely will be disappointed . This is a vest that is designed to be used with tubes or other devices towed behind a boat . It will also work well for some larger children -LRB- teens -RRB- that do n't fit into a regular children 's vest . We bought them to use with a tube towed behind our boat , 4 different people have had them on and all of them were satisfied with the comfort and performance.Good purchase if you need an inexpensive vest that is going to take some wear and fit a fairly wide range of people .
 Good product for the price . I use these as extra vests for my company when we 're jet skiing - I would recommend something a little nicer if you plan to spend a lot of time in a life vest , but for the price , this vest is hard to beat .
 it is always good to have a vest on the boat that is USCG approved for the fact you need them to not get a ticket.Even better if you can make it fit lots of people.PRO : Fits from 30 '' -52 '' lots of adjustmentNice bucklesNice graphicsUS Coast Guard ApprovedCONS : Not a great ski vest -LRB- hmm you may want to pay a little more and get a nice vest if this is your purpose -RRB- I like the blue much better than the red.Quality is very good , design is very simple and it is good for any dock or boat you want a vest `` just in case ''
 I bought two of them . Good price and it does what it needs to do but could be more comfortable /
 I always wear my vest when kayaking . It does not interfere with my paddling and is very comfortable , not being uncomfortably warm , even here in sunny , humid Florida . I have n't fallen out of my kayak yet , so I ca n't give testimony to it effectiveness .
 i 'm so happpy with this 2 vests that i bougth weeks ago . thansk a lot
 I am extremely pleased with the 2 WinningEdge Life Jacket Vests I purchased from Pacific Rides through Amazon.com . They are very stylist , not bulky , and comfortable to wear when out in the boat . The price was great , the shipping was very prompt , and the customer service was superb with a return call to me answering my question followed by an email confirmation with a second email to me insuring my satisfaction a week later . I would definitely recommend this product and the seller Pacific Rides .
 Adjusted to adult size without incident . If you r a former linebacker it may be a problem . I weigh 200 lbs and had no problem . Cost is very reasonable . Why pay more .
 I was concerned about these after reading the other reviews , but I was buying them for my super tall and skinny teenage boys so I figured even if they ran small , they should fit my boys fine -LRB- both are 5 ' 8 '' and 110-125lbs -RRB- . To my absolute amazement , not only do they fit my boys PERFECTLY , they also fit me -LRB- short and overweight -RRB- ! At first I thought it was n't going to work because the top strap is not adjustable . I could barely snap it on my boys ! No way it would fit anyone larger ! BUT , if you adjust the bottom straps to fit the person , the top straps fit fine on anyone . Basically , the front and back parts are separate and the straps hold the two sides together snugly . These life jackets are amazing for the price ! All of our other jackets are adult small , medium or large . These jackets fit all sizes perfectly ! I love that one jacket can fit any and all teenagers or adults that come boating with us !
 i tried it on and it fits comfortably , with easy to adjust straps . hopefully , i wo n't need its purpose , but it will keep me safe in the water while i navigate class 1 rapids on the creek in my inflatable kayak or boating on the lake ! just wish that there were more colors available on amazon . later i saw the same model in a local sporting goods store in blue and ... . if i happen to fall in , i 'll keep you posted !!!
 Used in the water for the first time 4th of July weekend - works great . They must have changed the design on the back since other feedbacks because it is fine , small , and very attractive . I am pleased , thank you .
 great jacket for the pricewe bought 4 - 2 blue and 2 redfits everyone except my husband 6 ' 1 '' 225on him it looks to tight and the black straps are maxxed out.comfortable and not hot
 This is a nice life Jacket vest , although it does not have any pockets . I am a pretty big man . It fits me well . For the price , it is a good deal .
 Great Product ! Great Price ! If you go out on the Waters - This is a MUST have Product ! Keep your Family - Friends and your Self Safe !
 I rec 'd the vest , opened it , and tried it on but have not used it yet in my Kayak . Hope to do that within the next few months when the weather breaks . As for the quality and look , it seems great for the price .
 Not the greatest in the world , and if I was going out on the ocean I would think twice about it , but for lake use with out Hobie Cat it 's perfect and does a good job for the price .
 The only reason I give it 4 and not 5 stars is that the front has 2 peices of foam inside instead of just one so that 's kind of strange but not really important . I like the vest
 STAYED ABOVE WATER WAS A LITTLE BULKY BUT THAT IS EXPECTED . aLL OF THESE ARE THIS WAY TO WORK AND KEEP YOU UP
 Yeah , I like it more comfortable to wear riding my jetski smile ... soon get some parts from jetski later thanks ... anything if u have stock or parts for my jetski 1999 Seadoo GSX Limited 951cc let me know by email thanks again !
 A little harder than I thought but good for the price . Would have liked it better without the print on it . Fits well for most average size women .
 This is a good quality life vest . I am pleased with the fit and feel . I wear it faithfully on our boat !
 I am in the water craft rental business and I have switched to using these life jackets because of the versitility and comfort of these jackets . I have 20 of them and have been using them every day .
 Bought this to go with a kayak that my wife and I purchased to use with our kids while at our lake house . This is n't a heavy duty life vest that I 'd recommend for going out water skiing or jet skiing but it is great for boating , fishing , kayaking , etc. . I was nervous about the reviews stating that it does n't fit adults . People must have ended up with the wrong size because I weigh 175lbs and it fits me fine . Also , my Dad , who weighs over 200lbs was able to wear it with plenty of additional room to make it bigger . All in all it is exactly what I expected it to be and would recommend it for the aforementioned type of activities . Personally , if I was going out on a waverunner or engaging in some other kind of water sport I 'd go with something that zips up ad is a little more heavy duty - this one is kind of a more modern and sophisticated version of the old orange life jackets you probably used when you were a kid .
 I very much like this Life Vest . Totally serves its purpose for general -LRB- not extreme -RRB- water activities . Looks real nice and fits perfectly fine . I consider myself an average size female and there is plenty of room to expand the vest .
 My son is to the point where he is too big for a youth lifejacket but too short and small for an adult lifejacket . I decided to order this one after having a very difficult time looking for one to fit him . Based on the other reviews , people had said it was too short or small on grown men . This life jacket fits my son perfectly !!! I have no idea what full size man this would fit unless he had a very small torso and was n't very large . If you are looking for a youth in between sizes , then this is perfect !!!
 This is a great vest to have on the boat as an extra . Differently good to swim around with , but I would n't try to wakeboard in it . Does n't feel like it will hold up extremely well . It 's also not meant for a large person . I know it 's universal but I would say it truly a size medium and pushing a large . The bottom two straps adjust just fine it 's the top strap that limits the size . You ca n't adjust the top strap so if you have a wide chest it 's going to be very uncomfortable .
 I was pleased with price and appearance but found it a bit close fit for adult male with normal body size . It arrived on time and in good condition .
 The PFDs were delivered quickly and were exactly what I ordered . I am a 6 foot man and they fit me very well . Not restrictive , easy to adjust the size . I wear it at all times while in the canoe . I would have given it 5 stars for being a just-fine PFD at a nice low price , however I have never gone swimming in it so I ca n't say how it would feel if I really needed it . Would buy another . Note that there is a large logo permanently printed on the back .
 Bought a red and a Blue one . It looks great . The price is fair.Will definitly recommand this one
 We bought this/these for snorkeling . We are n't disappointed at all . This vest fits me -LRB- female 115 lbs -RRB- and also fits my husband -LRB- male 215 lbs -RRB- . Good buoyancy , no deterioration , holding up well -LRB- several uses in salt and chlorine -RRB- .
 Bought 2 of these , for 2 small adults . Feared they would be too bulky , but not so . Plenty of room around the armholes and neck . Have n't had to test their flotation yet , but they are probably as comfortable as generic life vests can be , and a good value for the occasional boating excursion .
 The vest is fine and it is constructed like the vest in the photo . However , it has some rather tacky screen printing on it to make it look like some sort of racer vest . I wanted a plain , solid-color , so that was disappointing . It fits fine and seems good quality , so I 'll keep it . However , keep in mind that your vest may not be exactly what you 're expecting.I bought these for myself and my teenage son . We 're both slender people and the vest fits us fine . The top strap is NOT adjustable , so I think that someone really large would not be able to fasten it . It should be fine for average sized people .
 First off , I want to say that this is an amazing jacket for the price.But I want to make sure you know that the top buckle is NOT adjustable , and because of that , the rest of the jacket can be only loosened until the top strap 's tightness kicks in . The rest is a very VERY snug fit , and barely fits on my 11 yr old brother . I would purchase this again but it is too small for the people who will be on the boat . It is extremely hard for a 16 yr old with very slight build to get into .
 I bought this jacket for a pending purchase of kayak ... have not tested it in water . It fits well , easy to dress , carried in my safety kit . This is a PPE flotation jacket intended to keep you upright in water and not a ocean survival jacket . Choose RED for visibility .
 Very nice made well great service . Amazon send me a email with a projected delivery date two weeks out . The product came in just three days . A better product then you can buy at Sam 's or Wal-mart .
 This item arrived on time and it is a good product for my family ... It a good piece with very performance ... Thank you ... It has a good price ...
 My husband loved this little gift I bought him for his new car ! Well made & very sturdy ! Definitely recommend it for any football fan !
 Nice hat . Not the highest quality , but still worth having . Minor grip -- wish 2007 Series was on it . Price was great . Shipping and handling was prompt and fair .
 My wire brushes have all been copper . Although they do the job , I always puncture one or more fingers , however slightly . So I tried Hoppe 's nylon brush . Thought it would be too soft , but it does a better job . First , it loosens all the filings and deposits -LRB- just as a copper brush -RRB- . Second , it really does have ` memory ' -- the brush does not deform -LRB- unlike a copper brush -RRB- . And , third , although slightly sharp-ended , it does not puncture skin -LRB- unlike a copper brush -RRB- . Very happy with this . I am using it on a pair of H&R Pardner 20-gauge single shots , with fixed modified chokes .
 As the other reviewer noted this valve switches inlet lines with a ninety degree turn . The only way I would have known that was from the other review I read . The only one I could find on the market that did not require a 180 throw . Since that is exactly what I wanted I am well pleased . It appears to be well made . Of course you have to make sure you have the proper lines hooked to the proper ports so if replacing one which turns 180 degrees you have to be careful .
 I am a swim lessons instructor and swim team coach . I chose this suit because I loved the shape and the color as well as having previous experience with Dolphin . The kids use me as a jungle gym and life support throughout the day and this suit does n't give an inch . I find it more comfortable than a Speedo suit at this size - it does n't cut into my shoulder causing loss of circulation which is fantastic . It does n't stretch out and lose it 's shape like TYR and Nike . I highly recommend this brand .
 After searching a long time I finally found the perfect Notre Dame hat . It got here quickly too .
 Exelente producto para los coleccionistas de pins . Buena calidad y ofrece gran proteccion a los pins . Muy buen precio y puedes tener los pins muy organizados sin que se te pierdan.Lo recomiendo.Raymundo J. Hernandez Stern .
 I bought this helicopter for a 8 YR.old . in my family.He learned to fly itin a couple of hours . Because of it 's small size he has had many hours offun flying inside house . Battery charges quickly lasts a pretty good while . `` FUN TOY ''
 I was confused by the purchase , and I canceled it.They are fast and responsible . I recommend them completely.Nothing more to say .
 These replacement blades worked great when I needed to repair my AlienFly after flying it into the wall too many times !
 Somewhat pricy , but worth it when you look at other options out there for display cases . Without a base , most cases look cheap IMO . The base and mirror bottom are high quality and add so much . Shipped quickly . Packaged very well , but still had chip out of bottom acrylic piece . Some sides had a few very small , light scuffs , but I suppose that is to be expected . Looks great overall
 This item is beautiful and I highly recommend it . I had purchased one a week ago that was lower in price but it arrived broken and really was n't a very nice case anyway . The packing was awful on it and the box too small . This one arrived in perfect condition , it 's a very nice case and worth the extra money . It was extremely well protected with plenty of bubble wrap and the wooden base was in it 's own box and had even more packing around it . Well done .
 This is a great anchor . Only reason for 4 star instead of 5 is they need to make something to cover the spikes when using the rubber cup side . Nothing like a long night of playing , than being impaled when breaking down your drums .
 These are the best for vintage drums . I have used many of these over the years . I use one now for my vintage Slingerland kit . A sliding bass drum is very aggravating . These are very durable as well . I have found that using lock nuts on the spike screws works better than the wingnuts . They hold better . You can get those at any hardware store for less than a dollar .
 i 'm reviewing this because when i was shopping for one i could n't find an answer to my question . that question was - if you take a marching -LRB- or concert -RRB- bass drum , drop it on the floor , put one of these on the end , can you play it with a drumkit ? well , the answer is yes . i dont play overly hard , but my bass drum has n't moved -LRB- 14x24 ludwig maple marching bass -RRB- and the bass drum does not have any spurs , and my bass pedal does not have either velcro or spikes . nothing is mounted on that bass drum either , so theres no extra weight holding the drum down , essentially only the bass anchor stops it from moving . it works just fine . it feels a bit flimsy and is a little hard to get setup at first , but after i got it on it 's no problem . especially since its only $ 12 or so , great buy , highly reccomended -LRB- weather your modding a bass drum for drumkit , or you just need to stop your BD from moving ! -RRB-
 This is identical to theCannon UP638 Bass Drum Anchor , which sells for nearly twice the price of this one . I own both models.If you own a vintage bass drum with disappearing spurs , then this anchor will save you a lot of frustration . If you are not familiar with the term disappearing spurs , ut refers to the older -LRB- or cheaper on modern bass drums -RRB- spurs that are at a fixed angle and either fold or are pushed inside the bass drum when not in use . TheGibraltar SC-BS2 Lt Wt Bass Drum Spurs With Bracketis an example of a modern model and are patterned after vintage spurs.Some modern , less expensive bass drums like the older Tama Stagestar also require this anchor because they use modern disappearing spurs such as the Gibraltar SC-BS2 . If you are an extremely heavy player and your bass drum does not stay put this will help anchor it.This anchor works as intended , although even this anchor may not be enough for heavy players on vintage bass drums . In that case , do like we did back in the day and augment this with cord running from one side of your bass drum , around the back or your throne , to the other side of your bass drum -LRB- attach it to the T-Rod or tension rod between the claw and lug -RRB- . In most cases you need not get this extreme , and at any rate you will still need the anchor to keep the bass drum from moving laterally.I 've uploaded some customer-supplied images at the top of this page that show close-ups of this anchor with detailed views of the wingnuts and how the bracket attaches to your bass drum hoop . If your bass drum creeps , you need this anchor !
 This anchor was originally designed in the early 1900 's at Walburg & Auge . In those days , your bass drum was more than likely to have started out in a marching band or orchestra and this little clamp was about all that was available to keep the BD in place during a set . Though most drummers today like to hang all manner of support hardware on their shells , way back when , one of these and a rug did the job fine . They still work today ! Worth having and should please nearly any drummer not pounding his instrument into oblivion .
 I ordered this item and gave a bad rating because I was mixed up with another windsock with another company.I rate this product and this company with 5-STARS in all catagories .
 The Petzl Croll Ascender is a perfect outfit for rise in rope . It works closely with the Petzl Ascension Ascender . It is also very useful with a rope to hang on a pulley system used to stretch a slackline . Strong , compact and secure . I recommend !
 I have used this croll several times already . I have absolutely no complaints . Petzl makes great products anyway and I feel confident trusting my life with this ascender . It 's smooth on the climbs , grabs quickly and does n't slip . I have used this in Rusty 's Cave and Cemetery pit in Fox mountain , and Case cave in Cloudland Canyon , as well as several practice climbs at various heights . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I originally bought this package for a two week road trip . I managed to stay lean and on my game even with the regular drinking and road trip food . At first the guys made fun of me and by the end all 4 of them had ordered their own set for use back in the city . Wicked DVD too .
 The bands are great . The DVD was a total and complete waist of money . I expected a professional trainer to give instructions with each exercise as well as show proper technique . I expected at the least a few exercise routines targeting upper and lower body . My expectation was NOT met at all . Luckily I know a certified trainer and have been given by him what the DVD did not .
 Hi ! I bought another resistance band training program very similar to this . I started using the highest resistance -LRB- black cord -RRB- cord -LRB- working my biceps only -RRB- and only in a few days I started to grow biceps . It 's pretty AWESOME !!! I had excercised my biceps before -LRB- using another thing -RRB- , but I stopped a long time ago and I gained weight . I know this will make me lose weight soon and gain muscle too . I think these will be for people that want beginner to intermediate training only though .
 Making the time to go to the gym can be difficult for many . However , the convenience , versatility , and effectiveness of these ripcord resistance exercise bands is great . The DVD walks you through many exercises that can help you stay in shape . You could do all of these exercises at home and it makes it very convenient . This is perfect for traveling and makes a great gift.I highly recommend this product to anyone that is serious about staying fit and wants the tools to stay fit .
 this system works great and the bands can take a lot . with the bands you can easily move from one exercise to anotheer and the dvd gives you a lot of differnt exercises you can do with the bands . the best part I think is the door jam attachment you can just slide in into the door jam put your band through it and work you butt off with a ton of exercises . I love useing it and it will last me a long long time . the band come in differnt weight resistance to give you a good hard workout .
 This is an excellent portable weather station . We take it camping , boating , even hiking . Very small and lightweight . Fits in your pocket . Batteries last forever . For anyone who is interested in the weather , this is a must . Cost is certainly prohibitive , but it is a highly technical gadget that monitors wind speed , temp , barometric pressure , altitude , heat index , humidity , wind chill , time and date . You can set it up to take readings on a specified interval and can view the data in graphical format or by the numbers . Highly recommended product . We 've had ours for about 2 years and have not had any problems with it . QUALITY !
 This is the second Kestrel 4000 I 've purchased . My brother , who is 4000 miles away in HI has has my first . I 'll never see IT again -LRB- orange -RRB- Anyway , this unit is outstanding . Very accurate and provides you with all the air information except the direction it 's coming from . Hopefully you will know that as forecasting depends on direction too . I feel the most outstanding feature on the 4000 is the recording ability of this unit . The barometric pressure can -LRB- user adjustable -RRB- be recorded in time intervals . You do n't have to be outside in bad weather . I believe it can hold several hundred readings then stop or write over the earliest . Date and time are recorded as well . Reviewing the recorded graph , gives you a mental picture of a front approaching and passing through an area . You can sort of relive the big wind , lightning , and rain just before the storm ! There are a lot of user defined parameters on the 4000 . Its not hard to adjust , and can be changed according to what you need to know . There is back light for night operation , but you need to be familiar with the button placement as they do n't light up . If you are a weatherwise person , as most are otherwise -LRB- Ben Franklin -RRB- , you will enjoy this marvel of technology for years . It is well made , and supported . It is not inexpensive , but precision instruments never are , and as such should be treated with care and attention . -LRB- do n't leave it near your brother -RRB-
 I learned that you can not skimp on a good anemometer . I decided that this product line was the best -LRB- still think so -RRB- , and I went for the bottom model of the top-line series . I never plan to store data , but maybe it will be useful someday . Wind readings seem to be good down to about 1 kt , well below what is of consideration . I originally purchased for winds during sailing , but I may start using it more like a weather station , on and off the boat . You wo n't be sorry if you feel that you can afford it .
 Received the unit promptly . Functions work exactly as advertised . Even though I ordered the `` Gray '' model , the unit arrived with a green case -LRB- with the standard bluish backlight -RRB- . I did n't care , but you may get a different color case when you order.Other reviews mentioned inaccurate altitude and/or pressure readings . I do n't think they understand how the meter works . It is required to know EITHER barometric pressure OR altitude accurately to have a good value on the opposite -LRB- know altitude , e.g. topo map , you will get a good baro reading ; know pressure , get a good altitude reading -RRB- . The meter uses pressure and pressure change to estimate altitude/altitude change , or vice versa.The cross-reference functions between altitude and barometric pressure are a little confusing to understand , but the main thing is to wait a little bit after activating the x-ref function for the opposite value calculation to update . You should only turn on the x-ref function for either altitude OR pressure , not both . If you are staying at approx constant altitude , and know what it is -LRB- topo map -RRB- , use the altitude reference for the baro pressure . If you know the present baro pressure -LRB- from weather radio , etc. -RRB- and it is not changing rapidly , you can enter the reference pressure for altitude and get a good altitude reading . Useful if weather is stable and you want to know the altitude change -LRB- e.g. hiking in mountainous area -RRB- . I use the meter mostly for tactical shooting , where the calculated density altitude -LRB- DA -RRB- is most useful for my needs . It still requires either known altitude or known baro pressure to provide accurate calculations .
 I needed a weather meter for acoustic prediction . The speed of sound as well as high frequency air loss changes with temperature , humidity , and pressure . I found that the 3500 would give me all those things , but for a little more the 4000 would give them to me and provide extensive logging which would allow me to correlate changes in atmosphere with changes in measured PA system response . I got the 4000 and have been thrilled . Easy to use , extremely lightweight , and I can set it to take measurements and turn it off ... battery drain is negligible . The backlight is great . The unit is so small and light it almost seems like a toy , but is actually very well built . Definitely a precision instrument , and well thought out with an easily replaceable wear part -LRB- the impeller -RRB- . I 'm very glad I got the 4000 since now I have a meter that does all I need for work and more , that I can also use for recreation -LRB- hiking , shooting -RRB- . I 'm looking forward to getting many years out of this little unit.P.S . The pressure/altitude seems a little difficult at first , but I wrapped my head around it quickly enough . I can get an accurate altitude reading from Google Earth or my GPS any time , and after putting it into the meter I have an accurate barometric pressure reading . Most of the time I need to know actual pressure anyway , so I do n't use that feature much , but it could be nice for hiking to calibrate to pressure beforehand and log altitude .
 The Kestrel 4000 is a fantastic product which is easy to calibrate and use right out of the box . The menus are user friendly and the data easy to access . For a portable unit it collects and stores a wealth of information for analysis in the field . I ca n't imagine a better unit !
 This is my 2nd Kestrel . Some twit stole my first one out of my Harley . I love them . Having this much weather information in your pocket is very handy when you 're exposed to the elements on a daily basis.I really like the heat index and wind chill functions and use those more than anything else . Knowing the wind speed also helps you calculate the cumulative wind speed on the highway and resulting wind chill . Very handy and well-made product .
 I use the Kestrel 4000 while hiking for the wind & wind chill , temps , and altitudes . It 's small , light weight and works great and best of all , takes AAA batteries that are easy to find and not near to costly as the button type of batteries that some units require .
 Just bought this charger , and hooked it up to my 12Vdc riding lawn mower battery , charged it with 40 Amps for 10 minutes , then 2 Amps for 15 minutes , and then the mower with a V-Twin cylinder 22BHP Engine started on the first crank after a very cold winter . Would of been nice if the mfg. would put a couple brackets on the back of unit for AC power cord and two cables instead of having to wrap them around the handle . Very nice charger/booster with the 200Amp capability . Would purchase again , and stay away from the smaller units with no booster .
 I really like this charge because it is so versatile . I can use the 2 or 10 amp settings for smaller batteries and still have plenty of power to quickly start cars with the 200 amp settings . My unit arrived in good condition and works great .
 work ; s great around the house are in you ; re shop are were ever you might need it .
 So far I have been pleased with my new charger.As is often the case , the assembly of the an item causes the most headaches . For the most part the assembly went smoothly . However , there was a small manufacturing defect when mounting this devices 's handle.The handle is attached to the charger 's rear sheet metal using 4 self-tapping screws . These screws go through holes drilled through the handle and engage pre-punched holes in the sheet metal . 3 of the 4 holes in the sheet metal were correctly punched . Hole number 4 was more of a dimple than a hole and the self-tapping screw was unable to get enough `` bite '' to thread itself into the sheet metal.I used a small punch to elongate the dimple/hole enough for the self-tapping screw to get a purchase . The handle was then properly attached to the sheet metal and the rest of the assembly was completed without any other issues .
 the `` on '' knob came off the first time i turned it on.I took it apart and has been fine ever since .
 I had an old Schumacer , and the transformer finally gave out -LRB- It was over 10 years old -RRB- . I purchased this one and could not be happier , TONS of features , easy to use and well built . Great performance for the price . If you are looking for an all-in-one battery charging solution for your garage , this is it .
 The charger was well worth it 's price . The one thing I would like to havewith the charger is an automatic shut off when completly charged function.But , I knew this before I purchased it .
 This is a fine product for the price . The clamps are a little flimsy but nothing I ca n't live with or , I 'll change them . The unit performs exactly as I expected . If you are looking for a heavy duty unit , more on the commercial order , you will need to step up to Schumacher 's top of the line offerings . Of course , you will pay substantially more . Again , this is a fine unit for the price .
 Charger is what i wanted isnt a big surprise because of the brand name Schumacher SE-4022 . I would recommend this product to anyone.Works great .
 If you often find yourself saying , `` They just do n't make them like they used to , '' then this is the best bang for the buck for you . Everything about this charger is analog
 I replaced an old Sears Craftsman 200A charger with this one which is superior in every respect to the 1982 `` commercial '' model that finally failed . Opening the old charger revealed that the diodes separated although the transformer was in fine condition . I think the old one was on its third or fourth power cord . Sears online parts diagram shows no replacement diodes are available , so the old one went to the metal recycle bin . After looking at the chargers being marketed today , I found this one and a few other models made by Schumacher are sold under the Craftsman label for a higher price . I went with the Amazon unit and a free-shipping opportunity for 2/3 the Sears price . This unit has a timer and larger capacity than the one it replaced . Go for the timer model because otherwise you are likely to ruin a battery by overcharging.Schumacher is a well-established company making quality products . They made the Craftsman branded unit that failed , but with no parts available repairs require some re-engineering . I checked Schumacher and could not find either a schematic or diode specifications for repair . Evidently these days they keep all really useful information locked away in their lawyer 's file cabinet , and most likely all relevant parts can be found only somewhere in China .
 This came unassembled , but was very easy to assemble . It is really handy , and works very good . I am surprised at the quality for the price . Could n't go wrong with it . It was a present for my husband and a very pleasant surprise . I did n't assemble it either , although it was so easy I could have . The same charger sold in stores like Sears for much more money , and other places on the internet .
 The charger works great , I did have to re-drill the holes for the handle bar , they were to small for the factory screws that came with it . The cheapest I found this charger for at the stores in my area was $ 220.00 so I think it 's a great price . The clamps , cables and everything else seems well made and it has worked fine the 4 times I 've used it . I do n't understand all the hubbub about the meter , I bought it to charge batteries and all my vehicles have amp meters to monitor the charging system . I would recommend this to someone .
 Have not used it yet so I ca n't comment on that , but I was able to assemble it perfectly -LRB- contrast this with Sears battery charger where the holes do not line up and half the screws were stripped out -RRB- . It was packed great -- could have been air dropped to the house . Highly recommend .
 I was sick of dead batteries , and even more disgusted with having to buy replacement batteries . -LRB- Yes , I 've had trickle chargers . No matter what , the batteries still died when not in constant use . -RRB- So now I take the mostly dead battery and give it a BIG 200A boost and the equipment starts right up . -LRB- So , you may ask , what happens if you kill the mower away from the charger / booster ? You start another mower and tow it back . -RRB- The Schumacher SE-4022 does exactly what I needed it to !
 Got this for hubby for Christmas . He loves it . It is everything he thought it would be . The shipping was a great deal and it got here in time for the holiday . Perfect job Schumacher and Amazon ! The battery tester and charger are great . We have yet to try the independent jumper cable option .
 The product is everything I expected . Great product . The problem was that my old one died and I needed this in a hurry . I paid an extra $ 60.00 for `` Express Shipping '' . Yeah , right ! I ordered it on a Saturday , fully expecting it to ship 1st thing Monday , but the order did n't even get processed until Tuesday . I finally received it Friday evening . I am very disappointed in the company 's `` Express Shipping '' attitude .
 This wheeled charger works really well for the money . Not that it was at all difficult to put together , but if you are a &#34; read the instructions &#34; kind of person , ... the instructions really leave alot to be desired . At one point , I had a screw fall inside the case and had to open it up to get it out.Two changes I would make ... 1 , I would have a hook to hold the cables when not in use . 2 . I would have printed on it , more details about when to use the specific settings , and for how long . I dont use these every day , and always find myself wondering ... should I fast charge ? Or Slow Charge ? And for how long on each ? The insanity !!!!
 This item is exactly what I wanted and it works perfectly . I would buy it again . And it shipped very fast too .
 This is what my husband has wanted to find for sometime . I have waited for our local stores to put his on sale . But none could beat the Amazon price . One thing we were looking for was the 6v setting . As this is handy for our antique tractors . And it also has a timer so you do n't have to go and shut it off.Great product !
 Dad loves it so far , but time will tell how long it will hold up but we are optimistic because his last one was great until someone stole it
 I bought this product for my dad and he really likes this product ... it works great and he has not had any problems with is so far .
 Bought this for significant other , so I am reviewing on his feedback , but he is very pleased with the charger and both of us were pleased with the price .
 this is a great all around battery charger and it has a timing feature and a battery tester as well as charging and jumpstarting -- great product with good pacaging !! thx again sunshinemacaroni
 Purchased this battery charger to replace the one I purchased in 1998 . Does a great job of charging and boost charging battery for imediate starting of tractors and trucks . Only disappointment was that the old one was MADE IN THE USA and the new one is Made In Mexico .
 This charger does exactly what its makers claim it will do . It has met every challenge I 've thrown at it on our small family farm ; tractors , trucks , cars , garden tractors.Assembly was quick and easy and it arrived damage free.I 'm completely satisfied.Bob
 This is just what I wanted , expected , and needed . It charges batteries of all types , but just as importantly , it has a starter feature which allows me to get my tractors going when batteries are low . It is not a so called `` smart '' charger in that it does not read when the battery is fully charged and then stops charging . It does have a timer , however , and if in doubt , just dial in some required time and come back later . I love it . I had bought one similar about 15 years ago or more , and it lasted all this time even though exposed sometimes to the elements . Good purchase .
 I will be using this tester and charger for our RV . I know this is a quality product since I 've read the reviews and look forward to years of service this product will provide .
 Unit performs as advertised . Works really well for a quick charge of my solar system battery bank of 8 batteries when it has been cloudy and the solar system is not optimum . Got here very quick . I am indeed pleased with this product . Barry Bryan , Huntsville , Alabama .
 real nice little charger . time will tell how reliable it is . so far so good !!!!!!
 It works great , much better then the small trickle charger/maintainers . I got it on sale , and it paid for itself by saving an Optima red top that no other charger could recognize . I lost the wheel retainer hubs before assembly and Schumacher sent me two new ones no questions asked .
 The Schumacher SE-4022 battery charger has , so far , performed flawlessly . It has versatile settings , volt and amp readouts , and is simple to use . This particular design has been around for many years and it really works . If you need a battery charger with wheeled mobility , this is the one . . , or one like it from Schumacher .
 This charger is a very nice charger . Prospective buyers should be aware -LRB- I was -RRB- that there is no automatic shut-off when battery is fully charged . There is a timer to regulate the length of charging time . I did not realize by the specs & write up that the `` tester '' was a simple volt meter . I already own 3 or 4 of those on different testers . Even though there is a convenience factor to the meter being mounted in the charger - I would not have paid so much more for it had I realized a voltmeter was all that it is . Also I would have liked to see a sturdier set of wheels & tires that would make it roll better in gravel & dirt . I am certain that the high quality of this charger will give me many years of service . The 3 year manufacturers warranty is great . Shipping time was excellent .
 I bought this charger after my hand held smart charger stopped working . I wanted a charger that had ample boost capability . I have used this charger a couple of times now and has worked flawlessly . I 'm very pleased with its performance and very happy with the price . Please be aware that this is NOT a smart charger . I have owned several smart chargers -LRB- both high quality , $ 150 and low quality , $ 79 -RRB- in the past and they have all either failed or were not accurate . This unit works very simple . Set the timer select the proper amperage and let it work . If you are unable to operate a manual charger I would recommend searching for good quality smart charger with very good reviews .
 This is a great charger . I ordered it and received it three days later with standard shipping charges . Pretty impressive huh !!! The only bad thing is the plastic , injection molded tires that come with the unit . They are hollow and pretty thin . I ca n't imagine they would last any length of time if it is moved around frequently . I did not even put them on the unit . I went to Home Depot and bought some hard rubber tires with metal wheels and had to buy some bushings as the axle on the unit is fairly small . It is now a great unit ! Schumacher should just spend a little bit more for better tires and charge four or five dollars more .
 Fast , free shipping and discounted price made for a great value purchase . Have used to charge dual batteries for diesel trucks . Works great ! Did not start truck in start mode until 10 minutes of charge on completely dead batteries , but that may be normal for any charger in 200 amp start mode . Casing very thin , and wheels light duty , which is just fine unless you are in an abusive environment . The wheels work fine because the unit is not very heavy . I am very happy with this unit and would highly recommend it so long as you know how to calculate how long to charge your batteries -LRB- although the timer could have a larger time range for charging dual , parallel connected batteries -RRB- . This is a manual charger that you can set the charge time for up to 2-1/2 hours at user selectable 40 or 2 amps . I do n't trust my memory to leave it charge in continuous mode .
 This charger is great and has a very good boost mode for quick start when batteries are dead . I see other reviewers here complaining about a shut-off but that 's why this is considered a `` maunual '' charger and not a `` smart '' or `` automatic '' charger . So keep that in mind before you purchase . If you 're looking for a great MANUAL charger this one 's for you if you 're looking for a smart or automatic charger then I recommend theNOCO G750 NOCO Genius Gray 6V and 12V 750mA -LRB- .75 A -RRB- Fully Automatic Battery Charger and Maintaineras it 's the best one i have personally used on the market .
 WE HAVE ONLY HAD THIS BATTERY CHARGER FOR ABOUT THREE WEEKS NOW , BUT IT HAS PERFORMED VERY WELL . IT IS USED FIVE DAYS A WEEK , AND AT LEAST 2 OR THREE TIMES A DAY AT OUR SHOP . HANDS DOWN IT IS ONE OF THE BEST BATTERY CHARGEERS WE HAVE HAD IN A LONG TIME .
 I live north of seattle and own a lexus that does n't get driven much ... notorious for high battery demand ... found that my automatic charger would n't charge the battery when it was discharged almost completely ... this is a manual charger so you have to watch the timer settings to prevent over charge ... but it works quite well and brought the battery up to charge in a reasonably short time ... I would repurchase another and recommend to a friend .
 excellent machine , does everything i wanted ; quickly delivered too . wish i had ordered it years ago ; thanks
 It 's the best money we 've ever spent on a batter charger . He loves that he can wheel it around -LRB- he has a bad back -RRB- , has a tester on it , and it charges batteries in no time . A very good product !
 This charger works great arrived fast and well packed it was a great price easy to put together if you need a good charger this is the one
 I had a small charger for a couple of decades that finally gave out . Living in a rural area I needed something that would start the diesel engines on my truck and tractor . It does a great job .
 Order this to replace a name brand tool companies charger that died after a couple o years of use . Arrived early and was easy to assemble . Works great and is exactly as stated in the description . Very pleased with this purchase . Priced this locally and it was $ 50 + than what it is on Amazon !
 This is the second of this brand of charger that I have purchased . The timer on the first one quit after about 5 years but the charger still worked until it was lost in a fire . The 200 amp start option is great for winter conditions . Definitely worth the money . The auto sensing shutoff feature would be nice though
 So , I wanted to combine a few chargers that I already had , and gain the capability to start a dead vehicle . Also , I wanted to be able to turn the charger on and have it shut itself off on its own . No more writing notes to remind me the charger is on ! This one seems to fit the bill . Everything works well so far . I have 9 cars/trucks and there 's always one or two of them that need a little help . From trickle to start , and both 12 and 9 volt . Great charger .
 Product works great and is a vast improvement from the smaller trickle chargers/conditioners if you 're wanting to actually quickly jump a dead battery . Assembly was quick and easy , packing was good and had no damage . The wheels are cheap and chintzy but seem to work well enough in my dirt floor pole barn . Starts my cars and tractors without a problem , should have bought years ago.Update
 A must have for the auto technician with the cold weather on the way , I thought it was priced right and performs well
 even though it was damaged in shipping this charger works great and i would recomend it to anyone it charges fast and since it has a fan it does not over heat like most chargers
 Bought this as a gift and have used it at home and at the neighbors . Even truck it to town to help relatives . Works on the Massey Ferguson Tractor right down to the quads and everything in between . Love it . and the price was great too !!!
 Small case that I 'm taking hunting with me . I 'm just using it for my CC license and a small medical kit just in case I get a boo-boo or a blister or something like that . I ca n't comment on the waterproof aspect since I did n't really want to dunk it in water . I 'm sure it will do the job well enough , but I have serious doubts over the black clamp that keeps it from opening . It just seems like it is n't holding the lid tight enough to keep the water out if it were to get completely submerged.Oh and if you plan to put anything larger than a credit card or a house key in it , I definately get one size LARGER than you think you need .
 This high quality knife had a fantastic look and packaging , not to mention the world-wide reputation of the Winchester - alas , now defunct as a firearm manufacturer - brand . Winchester and this knife manufacturer did not let me down ! The balance , edge , steel and wood quality and fit were fantastic ! The set has a great feel in the hands and high quality crafting is evident . The tin that the set comes packaged in has the old fashioned high quality artwork that Winchester used in its advertising faithfully reproduced in great detail . All in all , the set should be a pleasure for knife enthusiasts !
 Item is a great deal for the price . Quality product at an affordable price .
 I purchased this item when it showed up on sale for a mere thirteen dollars with free shipping . I would rate it the same if I paid $ 20 or $ 30 for it . The quality is great and the pocket knife is as well . While it comes in a commemorative tin , that was n't a selling point for me . I just could n't pass up the bargain for a bowie knife and matching pocket knife . My husband loves it and says it is one of the sharpest he has ever seen .
 Was concerned that it would be too small but , the one I found at Walmart -LRB- $ 10.00 ! -RRB- was the 4 pistol case which was larger than I wanted but turned out perfect , holds 2 pistols and extra mags no problem . Not sure why all the negative reviews , if you want to spend $ 60-100 .00 dollars on a pistol case , there are plenty out there , go for it , I like this case and am seriously considering buying another one .
 I purchased this to place 2 paintball guns in . A tippman 98 custom & a tippman a5 . They both fit on the bottom level just perfectly . Placed the Removable foam layer on top of that then placed the hoppers for both in the middle & 1 20oz . co2 cannister on each side of the hoppers . When I close the lid it 's a little tight but the foam depresses after a few moments & releives a bit of the pressure & settles in quite nicely . Absoloutely perfect for this purpose . Ca n't really comment on durability at this point seeing as I still have it in storage in my basement now , but for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- with shipping included even if it lasts a few years to and from the paintball course & storage I would be glad to get another . It seems very sturdy , I have n't tried to test it much but when I got it & tried squishing it together with my hands from a few different angles , not really much movement so I 'm happy as can be with the purchase . Would definitely reccomend this product .
 This case provides a great way to store paintball markers and as a way to transport them from your house to the field , as well as it can hold your marker , lube , barrels , barrel covers , extra batteries and much more , the bottom layer of shapeable of foam is ideal for form fitting to your marker .
 All I can say is WOW ! These are some pretty big hangun cases ! For the price , these cases will do the trick . Also , keep in mind that you get what you pay for . The hinges are completely plastic so if the cases need to last for a while be sure to take precautions by NOT overloading , stacking , or excessive opening & closing . They will fit 4 semi - autos or 2 large framed revolvers comfortably . I will not advise putting more than two semi-autos on the same level . And , only one large framed revolver on one level because shifting does occur -LRB- although minimal -RRB- to avoid scratching or scraping metal surfaces . There is a space for a padlock ! And , the foam is durable and safe for all handgun finishes . If you need a handgun case for multiple firearms , I recommend this product . If you have a special firearm with lots of accessories or bulky parts , BUY this immediately to keep things in one location and in reach . Overall , I rate this product 4 out of 5 !
 These pistol cases are of great quality . I have purchased several to carry my investigational equipment in . It comes with plenty of foam to make anything a perfect fit ... recommended highly !
 We bought this as a gift for my father in law and it was exactly what we wanted . We found it in our local stores but it was cheaper on amazon
 Buy this case if you are looking for a great case for the money . Obviously at this price you would not expect the case to have the quality of a Pelican case and it is not of that quality . It is the best quality case for the price that I have ever purchased .
 Great carry case for the field and transporting guns between your home the field shoot and back . Not approved for Airline travel . Good value . I can actually hold more than 4 guns in one case . I own 3 of these . As always make sure your guns are unloaded , cleaned and secured properly when they are in you home or in transit .
 These things work perfectly for traveling togun shows and such . Can load anywhere from 4 to 7 guns depending on caliber . Recomenond if you show
 Very rigid hard poly case for pistols . Easily holds my 4 G22 's or my 2 G27 's an 3 EAA .357 's . Very secure closable latches , can sustain a drop from carry level without popping open.This is not a computer case -- why people think it will be a sturdy laptop or netbook case is beyond me , because it it 's not meant to snuggly contain sensative heavy electronic equipment , it 's a pistol case . Pistols are three dimensional objects that comform to foam , laptops are flat and slick finished . Do n't buy this product as a laptop/netbook case -- it 's a pistol case.Three layers of foam make it easy to store magazines on a separate layer from pistols . It 's a great to/from range case and excellent storage case .
 Do n't buy this expecting a Pelican , because it 's not . However , if you want to just store guns at your house , or transport them to the range , this is not a bad case to do it with . I do n't know that it 's really a 4 pistol case , especially if you custom cut the middle layer of foam for your gun -LRB- s -RRB- . But if you put 2 on top of the middle layer -LRB- There 's 3 layers total -RRB- and 2 on bottom , and then sit on the case , it may just shut.Personally , I cut the middle foam to put in a pair of Sig P226 's and 3 clips , and that takes up most of the room in the case . I suppose I could fit a little more in , depending on where I put it , but I like my guns to be protected , and protected they are.Oh , and since I did n't mention it , the middle layer of foam is cubed , for ease of shaping .
 My wife and I each bought a case . I cut the center foam to hold two large hand guns and an LC9 . My wife carries a 38 bodyguard and her ear and eye protection . No rattles and the latches hold firm . Save the foam in case you want to change the layout .
 I am very pleased with this case.It 's not a pelican , but it is nice for the money.Here is everything I fit in this case , with room to spare : One full size pistol with three magazines -LRB- and there is easily room for one or even two more guns -RRB- EarmuffsSafety glassesMultitoolMarkerFolder with 20 8.5 X11 targetsMagazine speedloaderFull size holsterLarge roll of masking tapeBottle of oilFlashlightAll that stuff fits with room to spare . I like the bottom piece of foam that allows you to break pieces away to perfectly fit whatever you want in it . This is a good product.I have only had it for a few weeks , so I am not sure how long the latches will last , however . They almost seem like the type to break off after repeated use . When that happens , I will simply buy another case at this price ...
 I have purchased several of these , from various Wal-Marts with prices varying from 9.96-11 .97 . A great box to keep your guns dry , clean and unscratched while traveling to and from the range or field . Plenty of room for several pistols or a couple guns and ear and eye protection . . the foam is easily replaceable with craft foam from Hobby Lobby if you mess your up . These are no substitute for a safe or metal lock box as these are easily opened by a determined child .
 My son is a warhammer player -- a game that involves lots of small hand built figures . These 4-pistol cases are excellent alternatives the the expensive carrying cases sold by the gaming stores and websites . The foam inserts are perfect for securely and safely carrying the figures . Gave one to my son for X-mas with some new figures . It 's worked so well , I just ordered two more .
 I have some vintage camera lenses that came with really nice leather storage cases . As much I like the dedicated cases , I do not want to spoil them by lugging them around in the car or truck . And in fact one of these cases has a zipper that failed leaving it unsuitable for storing camera lenses on the go.When I started looking for portable cases to store these lenses when I go on the road , I came upon the Pelican and Otter Box style cases . These are everything they promise - rugged , water and dust proof , and capable of withstanding years of hard abuse . And they 're pretty expensive . Now I really want to protect my camera gear , and when I 'm traveling under hostile conditions I use Zero Halliburton cases that are the metal version of the Pelican and Otter cases . But for car or truck-based trips where I am not going to be subjecting the gear to rough handling , and a lighter case would be appropriate , enter the Plano Four Pistol Case.Make no mistake about it - this case is not waterproof . It will keep a casual splash out of the case , but I would not recommend this for heavy wet conditions , like a boat for example . Go with the high-end cases meant for this sort of activity.The foam lining is not the same grade of foam as the Zero Halliburton . This foam is a lot softer and does not support the same amount of weight . It appears that this foam is not meant to be cut though it does have pre-scored cubes for that purpose . I cut the solid piece of foam and used it for the top layer . The two lenses , both large -LRB- 300mm and 400mm -RRB- soon showed that the foam would not support their combined weight . I got another piece of foam from factory computer packing and made a second layer of foam . This cured the problem and now the lenses stay in their cut-outs and do not shake around when the case is closed . This is the only reason I gave this item a four star rating.The case itself closes and latches well , is lightweight and reasonably compact . They 're large enough for quite a number of items . I use a second one , not cut out , to transport our walkie-talkies , charger bases , and rechargeable battery chargers and power cords.There is a provision for locking the case , though that 's really silly because the hasp could be cut with a razor knife . I like to look at this feature as an additional way to secure the cover and `` keep honest people honest '' since it really would not prevent a motivated individual from getting into the case .
 This gun case holds a lot more then 4 guns . I put 6 guns 2 speed loaders , bb 's pellets , and co2 cartridges in it and it held it secure . This is a pistal case not a travel case . My guns did not move one bit when I did transfer it from one place to another . The lock part , not so good but if your like me I do n't leave my guns unintended , If they want you guns , they will take case and all . This is a good case for the price , I bought 2 of them they protect your guns and keeps them dry .
 This case is a great value . You can pay a fraction of the price for a Pelican case and get the same functionality as you would with the more expensive case . The plastic is much more flimsy than a Pelican and clearly would not protect its contents from crush damage like more expensive sturdy models would . This is your standard case with plastic hinges and latches . The foam inside seems soft and supportive . There are two pieces of dimpled foam on the bottom and inside the lid and a piece of pluck foam in the middle that seems to be about an inch thick . I plan to find a few more pieces of foam so that I can cut out shapes for my pistols and still have foam inbetween the layers . If you 're looking for a case to store your firearms or pack them to take to the range , this case is definitely the way to go . However , if you 're going to be traveling and checking this case for air travel , I would consider going with a more expensive alternative to provide more protection .
 Perfect padded case for toting pistols to the range . Plano quality as usual . Larger than I expected , but that 's a good thing .
 Good overall case for the price . The only flaw was the foam under the top lid . It was n't quite the right shape for some of the rounded corners and fell out every time the case was opened.I trimmed the foam to fit better and glued it to the lid . Now the foam stays with the lid when its opened.It easily holds three pistols and several magazines . I was also able to put some earplugs and speed loaders under the bottom foam for a complete package .
 These are an amazing value with Prime & when on sale -LRB- ~ $ 12 -RRB- . Nice pluck & pull foam -LRB- as of December 2012 -RRB- though they need aired out for a bit.These are not industrial grade cases to fill with expensive heavy equipment or that you should expect to hold up to airline or road use . But they are $ 12 . For that price they are an excellent value and could be used to carry tons of different things .
 This is a good idea for anyone who owns a gun to have it out of sight . Have a safe holiday .
 Got this for my dad and its great holdes all of his things he need for the guns he has and all of the other things
 I purchased my first on sale at local sporting goods store , needing another I checked on Amazon and found it cheaper . Great quality box , has place for small lock or drill handle and put larger in if you want . Padding is great .
 might not stand the test of time , but at this price you cant go wrong . Great for camera equipment , and handguns .
 Awesome case with foam inside that can be cut to fit your reels or guns . I bought multiple to use one for cameras and the other for spare reels . Love Plano products , they never disappoint .
 This was bought to transport my XD40 SC and my .38 Special with 4 + magazines . It is plenty big for all of that , and if I took the mags out , could probably fit another smaller handgun in there . The only way I could fit 4 would be using the 3rd piece of foam as a divider and placing 2 guns on bottom , foam divider , then 2 guns on top . I used the center piece to fit the guns into though . They have square pull tabs and I was easily able to make it fit all I needed . It 's a great sturdy case for regular transport . For me , it will either be to a friends house or to a range , so it fit the bill perfect . My ONLY complaint is that the compression of the guns with the provided foam -LRB- with the center piece used as a gun mold -RRB- was not enough to keep them from sliding down when carried . The heavier .38 Special would slide underneath the center piece of foam and end up towards the bottom of the case . To solve this , I added another 1.5-2 inch layer of foam underneath the bottom layer of foam -LRB- I have access to this from work -RRB- . This made a HUGE difference . Nothing moves at all now . Extra foam can be bought on Amazon for under $ 5 , or another small space filler could be used to get the desired compression you need . Very satisfied with this purchase . 4/5 stars , just because of the compression issue .
 Very nice case for the price ... under $ 15 . Pretty good locks and it 's MADE IN AMERICA ... This is not a luggage quality piece by any means but it 's made here and it 's only $ 15 ...
 For the price def worth it i fit a gun 3 mags my 2 ear muffs a box of 100 rounds and protective glasses all in one case love it
 From what I see so far this is a good case for some range trips . In mine I can easily fit my 5 handguns and a few magazines for each gun . There is even more room available and I think for $ 20 it 's a great deal . I put my USP 9 , USP 40 , XD 40 , Sig Mosquito , and S&W Bodyguard in it easily and the USP 40 and XD 40 have lights mounted on them . I also have 2 - 3 extra mags per gun in there . There were a few reviews saying that the guns slide all over the case . I have no experienced this . After I put the guns in the case for the first time , I shook it up pretty good for a few minutes and got no movement . I will say this about the case though . Although there is room to hold a lot of ammo along with the guns , I wo n't be doing that because I do n't think the case can take that kind of weight , but for $ 20 its everything I expected .
 I have two that I use for film equipment . One holds my monitor and audio equipment and the other my camera -LRB- canon t2i -RRB- and lenses -LRB- 70 -210 mm , 18-135mm , 55mm and 85mm -RRB- . The case comes with a cheap version of Pelican 's pick and pull foam , but I 've had no problems with it what so ever . If you tear it off in chunks it can also easily be put back together if different shaped holes need to be made . Got them at Walmart for only $ 10 each and they are perfect for lugging around my equipment to shoots . I 've had them a few months and they have yet to crack or break despite them being driven around in my trunk and being tossed around on set . I know their not as good as Pelican 's cases and I 'm not sure if I would trust these cases at the airport , but for all my jobs within driving distance these cases stand the abuse and you ca n't really beat the price . These are perfect for any dslr user on a tight budget needing something that protects and is fairly compact too . I find them way more impressive looking than showing up to shoot a video for a client having some Canon shoulder bags and camera backpack .
 I gave this to my husband for his birthday and at first he had no idea how he was going to use it . However , it holds 4 pistols very nicely as well as some ammo and is very convenient for taking to the range . Nice quality and light weight . He is thrilled with it and the convenience for carrying .
 Due to the rigidity of the design & plastic , combined with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- layers of foam inserts -LRB- 2 of which are ` egg-case ' surface shaped -RRB- , this case can handle a lot of different tasks and do it well ! Based on the fact that there are 3 layers of foam , this case , in fact , becomes a `` 2 protected layers '' container.Concerning my initial experience , I bought this case to protect a rather expensive gaging system and it is perfect for this type of application . Further , as an added bonus , I found that with the `` 2nd layer '' I could also add a 12 '' x 12 '' by 1.5 '' thick `` Grade A '' granite plate -LRB- which weighs a fair amount -RRB- along with the gage . So , I have well over $ 3,000 of product that is not only proctected by this case , but this is a great carrying case , so these items are enabled to be portable -LRB- but protected -RRB- by using this case!This would also make a great case for shipping or carrying lap top computers that need extra protection -LRB- can you imagine taking a lap top out in the field and having it better protected against dropping/rain/snow , plus having a second layer to protect any accessories ? -RRB- , assorted electronic devices or , of course , multiple hand guns -LRB- the original purpose -RRB- . This case is somewhat water-proof -LRB- short of throwing it into a lake -RRB- , so if you are carrying something that you wish to protect in adverse weather conditions , this is a great product.Going one further on the hand gun issue ... . Even though this is a `` 4 gun case '' my thinking is that if you only use 1-2 guns in transit , the buttom layer is a great place to store accessories , ammunition , etc. ... Plano does make great products , I have always had good luck with what they make and quality is definitely built into their product line ... . The quality of high impact plastic , type of foam used and the foam shaping -LRB- the 2 ` egg-case ' surfaces help ` grab ' anything inserted , to better hold it in-place , as well as offering superior impact protection versus flat-faced foam -RRB- in itself is impressive ! But , take it one step further ... . All of the above , combined with a very good latching system and the ability to lock the handles to prevent theft -LRB- but more importantly , makes sure the case does not ` accidently ' open-up -RRB- . At the price you pay for all of these features makes this a case a literal `` steal . `` To sum it all up
 it 's a great product for the price . ihad to take the center insert out , but i have 2 penn -LRB- greenies -RRB- 1 penn 650ss and a penn 750ss in it . will not carry 6 , but carries 4 just fine . i think i 'm going 2 purchase another one .
 I have 2 of these . I custom cut out the foam to hold ammo boxes , magazines , safety glasses , and hear protection without them moving around . I have 2 guns in the chase as well . It 's never going to be a secure case that will protect your guns from theft as someone with a pocket knife could cut the plastic loop where a lock would go but it 's great for carrying stuff to the range .
 RC transmitter case is a perfect fit . No modification fit my Spektrum Dx8 and Turnigy 9x like a glove . Even the foam insert is perforated to custom fit the transmitter . I could no believe the quality . This company should rebrand this as a RC transmitter case not a 4 gun case !
 This holds both my pistols , extra clips , quick loaders , and laser sights with room to spare . Only issue is the latching mechanism is a little finicky and requires a little wiggling to get it to set right .
 This Plano `` Four Pistol Case '' is a good sized , deep case that provides casual protection . We are using this for storing and carrying a black-powder pistol with all of the required accessories to and from the range.The case has a foam insert that allows for the layering of items to be transported safely , and also decent hinges and snap closures . While it does have a place to put a small padlock -LRB- not included -RRB- , this should not be used as secure storage for firearms as it would take less than a minute or two to get into the case with simple tools.I am happy with the case since it meets all of my needs.Recommended!CFH
 So the case itself is very strong , as well as the clips that hold it closed . It comes with more removable padding than even usable , which is awesome . I do not , however , use it for pistols , but for my Warhammer 40k miniatures . The vehicles , ranging from tanks , drops pods , to super heavies and trygons fit perfectly if you remove the unattached non-cartoned slab of foam . The minis do n't move , and the case keeps them very , very secure . You can easily fit :2 dreadnoughts2 predators3 land speeders1 vindicatorand 2 rhinos insideAlso , you can take the non-cartoned foam and make customized troop holders , just as good as GW 's holders !!
 You ca n't beat this for the price . It securely holds 4 pistols , clips and shells . At a great price .
 This case delights me ! I feel no buyer 's remorse , and I 'm a fairly discerning buyer who values craftsmanship.The clasps are sturdy and easy to open . The foam is sufficiently thick that my pistols are held in place and the clasps remain firmly closed without any play . Unlike some factory pistol cases , the handle allows plenty of clearance for my fingers to firmly grip the case . The plastic seems really resilient.I can easily fit a BFR 500 S&W ; -LRB- 7-1/2 '' barrel -RRB- , a glock 22 , an XD9 subcompact , and a Ruger LCP on a single layer of foam . This case will accommodate eight pistols if you do n't try to pack in too many accessories . I love the fact that I need only one case -LRB- and a single lock -RRB- when I travel by air.Finally , I was pleased to find out the case is made in the USA . What a perfect package ! I have no reservations about giving this case my full endorsement !
 If you need to bring more than one pistol/revolver to the range , the Plano Four Pistol Case provides secure , sturdy , light portable storage at an extremely reasonable price . Amazon 's prompt delivery service is an added bonus . Upon receipt , brought 3 pistols the next day to the range . No space issues as it can readily take extras . e.g. spare magazines etc. ...
 A perfect pistol case with plenty of room for accessories . Love the black plastic case , light weight & thick padding . A + + + +
 While it does hold four pistols , it does n't do much more than that . The middle layer of foam could stand to be much thicker , and the accessories I usually like to store with my handguns do not fit unless I remove a handgun .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my husband and father who are avid fishermen . They requested storage for the many fishing reels they both have . While browsing a few other sporting good 's stores , I came across this case . The big box store wanted much more money . I was hesitant to purchase this from Amazon considering it is titled a `` pistol case . '' I am very happy I took a chance . This is perfect for storing fishing reels , electronics , or anything else you want to keep protected . The size is very large too !
 I actually bought the case to carry digital camcorders . The protection is great and I carry two cameras and cords and extra batteries . Great buy
 This is my first time buying shooting stuff . I buy things based on customer reviews . And this is a really good buy !! It works perfect to store my air-gun and other stuff . The price is awesome . I am very satisfied with it .
 Great construction , great price . You really ca n't beat it . It 's super lightweight , yet feels rigid . Will buy another when needed
 Case is well made , and lots of room . The only thing I would complain about is the middle piece foam is really thin . I might glue in the two pieces of foam on the top and bottom so they stop falling out when I open and close the case , other than that ... . great buy .
 I rated 5 stars because it fulfills my need at an affordable price ... I 'm using it to store my airsoft pistols . It 's very roomy -LRB- maybe a little too much space , because things do move around a bit when carried -RRB- . Currently it 's about full having 3 guns and 6 mags in there
 i wanted a case that would hold all four of my pistols and extra clips as well . this is the perfect size and weight also , not too heavy or bulky . nice easily molded padding fits weapons perfectly and keeps them from sliding inside the case .
 This is overall a good case and ca n't be beat for under 20 $ I run a materials testing department and have 17 of these Plano four pistol cases , and I say they get above avarge use and all are still performing as they should .
 Again , this says four gun case , assuming two on top , two on bottom . I have six in it with room to spare . It 's heavy as a son of a gun , but it 's holding up pretty well considering it 's carrying 2 40s , 2 9s , 1 357 , and 1 38 . I love that I can take all six with me everywhere I go now . My older/smaller one struggled to fit three . It 's not incredibly sturdy but does have lock holes to give you that false sense of security . But , if someone wanted in , it would n't be very difficult . For the price , this thing is worth it 's weight in gold . -LRB- empty weight -RRB-
 The Plano Four Pistol Case is a great case at an affordable price.I have two handguns , one placed on the top section with three magazines.The other gun placed on the bottom section with three magazines.The three layers of foam protects the guns from scratches and my guns stay in one place.I highly recommend this gun case !!!
 I use this case as an equiptment case for electronics and it does the job safely without hurting the equiptment within . The padded inside with removable foam pieces fits snugly around my cameras and other small electronics so you dont have to worry about damage . If i ever need more room I would n't think twice about buying another ...
 This case is much better than a couple of reviews stated . I am not at all dissatisfied and think for the amount it cost I got a great deal .
 I 've been checking around on prices for pistol cases when I ran across this one . What a great price , I thought . So I ordered 2 . It was perfect , exactly what I expected , no disappointing surprises . I kept one and gave the other as a birthday gift . My nephew was pleasantly surprised . At this price you ca n't go wrong .
 I bought this case for a large handgun . There 's more than enough room for the gun , its scope , my ear protection and some ammo . Be careful when you 're pulling the foam out to fit it to your stored item . I made it a little wide so there 's a little play inside around my gun when I carry the case . Otherwise , a real bargain !
 Strong hinges and clasps . Rigid case body . Firm foam inserts . Made in the USA really makes a difference . I highly recommend these cases .
 Does everything I want . I can take 4 pistols to the range and know they are protected . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 There have been several negative reviews of this case surrounding it 's strength . I think those reviews need to be tempered with a little reality . If anyone orders a $ 15 case and really expects it to be comparable to a $ 75 - $ 100 Pelican case , they need to seriously rethink their shopping strategy . This is a $ 15 case and is a fantastic product for that price . Would I trust it as a standalone piece of luggage on an airliner ? Maybe not , but I 've never seen a $ 15 case that would meet anything near that criteria . I just wanted the ability to store several items , both gun and non-gun , that made them both more resistant to damage than a soft side case , and be easy to transport . I 've been to many gun shows that have offered countless cases that were inferior to this one , at the same or even higher prices . I 've bought more than one of these cases because I was so satisfied with the first , and I intend to buy even more of them . They offer good , sturdy storage without breaking the bank . The plastic wo n't support an elephant , but is plenty strong enough for typical storage , and I feel perfectly safe tossing them into a closet or storage room with mutiples of other items on top of them . I can stand on top of mine -LRB- carefully -RRB- without damaging it and I 'm on the not so pretty side of 200 pounds . It bends and flexes , but it does n't break , and it returns immediately to it 's original shape when I step off.Another reviewer mentioned that these appear identical to another reel -LRB- as in rod and reel -RRB- case . He is correct . Aside from the color and some words molded into the cover , these cases are totally identical , except this one is cheaper . A major advantage of three pieces of foam in this case , besides allowing two levels of storage , is that one of the pieces of foam has hundreds of tiny , pre-perforated sections in it . You just tear out whatever pieces you want to create a custom ` mold ' for whatever item you want to store , whether it be a gun or some other item . Much easier and neater than trying to cut out special shapes on your own.I used Pelican cases many times to transport equipment during my military career and they were great , but those cases would be serious overkill for my personal storage needs . If you want the ultimate in protection or are concerned with possible severe treatement like you might get with some airline baggage handlers , then $ 15 cases really are n't where you should be looking . But if you want simple , durable , reliable and inexpensive storage for your guns or anything else , then you ca n't do any better in this price range than these cases .
 I was looking for an inexpensive case to hold a paintball marker of mine , and ran across this . It is n't a Pelican like what I have for some other stuff , but in a way that 's good because I could n't afford the appropriately-sized Pelican case.This is n't meant to shield valuables from heavy damage , that 's what a Pelican would do , but you 'd pay 10x the price . This will be excellent for carrying anything which would fit . . netbooks , electronics , firearms , etc , on a daily basis . It is n't waterproof.DETAILS : It 's a sturdy ABS-style plastic , with actual hinges for the clips and the case itself . It 'll withstand average forces , and light impacts . It comes with 3 layers of foam
 The construction is everything you would expect from Plano , excellent hinges and rigidity . Plano makes one other case very similar to this one , but I have to wonder why anyone would buy it other than lack of research.Plano 's reel case sports the exact dimensions as this case . In fact , they appear to be carbon copies of one another with the exceptions that it is tan instead of black and the foam is two-piece instead of three . I find this 2nd cavity quite useful for storing spare spools and spinning reel handles while not in use .
 For the shooter and wargamer alike this is a good item . As a wargamer I can put a lot of figures or vehicles in it and know they are secure . As a shooter I use them for my pistols both for storage and transport with excellent service . The only reason that I did not give this listing a full five star rating is that the same case can be found at retail stores for several dollars less .
 Great product . Wish it would close tighter against the gun 's to keep them from shifting better but the foam is n't quite dense enough for that . All in all , as gun/pistol cases go it get 's the job done .
 Estimated 12x15x5in . thick , good for gadget case or laptop case but it will not 100 % protects your laptopfor hard impact , this is not designed to be dropped/rugged used just a temporary protection only.Plastic used is not hard so dont compare this item to a pelican products . Well for 15 bucks what more u can ask for.Pros : - Cheap , Not bad design-with double egg foam included -LRB- Foam alone will cost you $ 10-15 -RRB- - fits all 10-13inch LaptopCons : - Not hard plastic-Will not 99 % protects your deviceNot bad for a case , I used this in my electronic gadgets and my testing tools.Durability 3/5Price 4/5Rugged 2.5 / 5Protection 2.3 / 5Material 2.5 / 5Design 3/5Lock system 3/5
 I have a Glock 30 and a 1911 target 45 I wanted to carry to the range . Both guns fit in this case in their soft cases.In the bottom I put 4 Glock 21 magazines , 1 Glock 30 magazine and 3 1911 magazines . The case was slightly bulged but they all remained in place . For $ 20 you can not beat the price .
 I bought this case to protect my FOSTEX MR-8HD multitrack recorder . The inside dimensions -LRB- was dying to know these before I bought it ! -RRB- are 11.25 '' front to back x 15 '' wide x 6 '' high -LRB- base to lid -RRB- . With the foam , it 's tighter , of course , but you know what you want to put inside and whether or not you need all the foam.It comes with two identically diecut egg carton style dense foam inserts , about an inch or so thick -LRB- each -RRB- . One is set inside the lid , the other sits in the middle like the meat of a sandwich . There 's also a flat , 1/2-inch diecut foam pad on the base of the case . All of the foam inserts can be easily removed . The case 's handle and latch indents are molded into the case , and the foam inserts trace the outline for a custom fit . The latches pivot like a simple hinge , which will last much longer than latches that are molded onto the shell and eventually break off . Likewise , the case 's primary hinge is real , like a plastic tackle box -LRB- an appropriate comparison , since Plano knows tackle boxes -RRB- , so it too will last over time . The latches snap closed , and there 's a padlock hole inside the handle compartment in case you want to deter curious lookers.Back to my use as a case for my Fostex recorder . I have a little past experience putting electronics with knobs into tight , foam cases . Knobs do n't like too much pressure against them , especially if you 're moving the item around and stressing the knobs even more . They can stop working or decide to do funny things when you 're not even touching them . So I made a paper pattern to indicate where the knobs are and traced it onto the upper foam . Then I cut out the areas where the knobs would be . Now , when the lid is dropped down , it floats just a little above the `` closed line , '' which provides enough pressure to keep the unit snug . I put a little piece of the leftover foam behind the recorder to absorb shock when the case is put down like a briefcase . I did n't need the middle foam insert . One other thing , I keep the recorder on the left side of the case , leaving a nice open section for the power cord . The manual fits nicely under the recorder.While it 's no road warrior -LRB- I would n't subject it to being crushed or manhandled -RRB- , it 's actually a pretty tough box . I highly recommend it !
 This works well with multiple weapons . I can store my weapons on one level and put ammo , glasses , and other accessories on the other level . This is perfect for trips to the range where I am going to shoot more than one weapon . It closes securely and there is a hole for a lock . It is fairly tight when it is closed and nothing moves around much with the foam interior keeping everything in place . Well worth the price for everything it does for me .
 Pros - This item comes with the foam pads , 2 that has the points , kind of looks like an egg holder . The bottom mat has a flat foam sheet like I 've never seen before . The sheet is machined cut ti make rows and rows of perforated lines , or thin slits throughout the whole sheet . I stood there looking at , removed the foam sheet to examine it closer then placed back on the bottom of the case . &#34; There must be a reason this sheet is like this &#34; I thought to myself . I took my glock 17 gen3 out and placed it onto of the foam and it hit me . You are able to precisely remove areas of squares so my glock would fit and be fully surrounded by protective cushion , and it was so easy to do ! The pad is in the case and my glock is on the pad . I just eyed out the handle , and ripped apart like 7 squares for the base of the handle . Then knowing 99.9 % of guns have some curves to them . From the bottom of the handle i ripped some cubes close to the top of the gun , same with the handle side facing the shooter . I removed the block and I was able to see where parts started , including widths . So I took the few blocks that where ripped and ripped out a section I thought would fit the handle . The beauty is its foam , so you there is A TON of wiggle room to make parts fit . In the end , I fit my glock , springfield xdm , 5 mags including one extended glock clip , my uplola and my rail mounted laser !!! Everything surrounded and protected by foam and thats not the best part . Underneath that foam , the shell of the case itself has this large but very shallow pocket thing , so when I have all these guns and accessories , it literally does not take up space . I got ta figure out how to show you guys pictures . Hope this all made sense . I keep my 15 inch macbook on the next level , and onto of that goes a layer of foam and boxes of ammo , a cleaning kit , my 2 favorite holsters ... . My hands are tired , BUY THIS CASE !!!!!!!!!
 I got this on sale for $ 12 on Amazon . Having received it , I would have paid more . Perfect for safely transporting guns to the range without having to use several cases . I would n't probably use it on a plane or drop it off the roof , but for it 's purposes I do n't require anything more than this .
 Great case , very durable , big case which makes it easier to store gun has a lot of foam thats included .
 I was looking for a storage case to store pistols and magazines in and came upon this one . I read several reviews about how this case would not hold your pistols and mags in place . What I did was added two layers of bubble wrap against both interior sides of case and foam lining and after doing that I tried picking it up and setting in down repeatly and even transported it to the shooting range and upon inspecting the interior the magazines and pistols did n't move an inch . I would recommend this product to anyone for the price and quality .
 This case is unreal ! I can easily pack ; a .380 , .45 , .40 , .9 MM on one side and multiple mags and ammo for each on the other side . Its very easy to pack this thing so full its heavy to carry a long distance . It will more than adequately protect 4 and I would say it could pack at least 6 if not more if your not trying to carry extra mags and ammo . it suits my needs perfectly .
 The product arrived exactly on time and packaged great . The quality is great and it is just exactly what my husband wanted . We are extremely pleased with this product . Amazon is a terrific site to purchase from . We have never been disappointed in anything that we have ordered from Amazon.comThank you
 bought another type made in china junk this you can stand on and still holds shape . lots of room I keep ghost hunting supplies in it and we are talking expensive things , way to go AMERICA
 As Always the Piano cases are great quality and a great value . I keep my 7 hand guns in individual piano cases when not in use , but I purchased the four gun case for when I am going shooting so I can carry them all in one case . They advertise that it 's a four gun case , that may be true , but all my guns are medium and smaller in size and the case can fit about 6 guns . This case is a home run , I say buy it .
 When placed right you can put more guns then advertised in these . I have in mine
 For the price this is hard to beat . It protects the guns very well and is inexpensive . You would not want to sit on it though .
 This case is excellent for the person who wants to carry multipule handguns to the range . It is lightweight and provides stability and protection .
 FlAWLESS TRANSACTION , THE ITEM IS PERFECT , THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND IT ARRIVED QUICKLY WITH NO HASSLES . I HAVE TWO PISTOLS , LOADERS , MAGAZINES AND CARTRIDGES , ALONG WITH SOME BASIC TOOLS AND EVERYTHING FITS FINE .
 Nice sturdy case , when I saw this on sale I could ' t pass it up with the name plano . This case will serve as my case to use when I go shooting . It will serve alot better than my back pack with all my ammo in it .
 I got this to transport my Kel Tec Sub 2000 to the range . It fits diagonally with a small weaver tri-rail on the exposed part of the barrel . Like other Plano cases , it 's got a loop near the handle for a small padlock .
 Very impressed with this case . I got it for my cousin so he could transport his pistols when needed and we are both very impressed with it . It 's incredibly durable and you could easily slam it on the ground or up against a wall and besides maybe a scratch , nothing would happen to the box or it 's contents . Also , the foam pads inside are very nice and very durable to accomodate most anything . I 'd definitely recommend this . Very good product .
 This is a Nice Case for the price . I bought it as a Lightning Deal for cheap ! I have nothing else to say .
 This is not a super nice case . It is an OK case . I would not consider this for airline use . The latches are plastic and the plastic on the case is fairly thin . For putting a few guns and going to the range , this case is OK .
 This case is very nice construction and should stand up to the years of use it will face for my son 's airsoft pistol collection . It can actually fit like 6 of them in it . It arrived fast and was much nicer than I had expected . Do n't hesitate to buy this case .
 Guns . Got lots of 'em . More than one way to carry 'em around . I like the high rise FBI tilt hip holsters . Some guns work well with an inside the pants holster . Ankle holsters suck . And nothing feels good in the small of your back . The real problem with shoulder holsters is that in a struggle , your right handed adversary has your gun right within reach ; same with cross draw holsters.But this box . Let me tell you what I do with this box . I carry my laptop in this box . All of the power cables , USB cords , SD cards , & USB thumb drives are hidden between the first & second layers of foam . The computer & DVD writer go right on top between the second & third layers of foam.Laptop cases are expensive and none of them are as roomy as this one.Lenovo S10-2 10.1-Inch Floral Sea Netbook - Up to 6 Hours of Battery Life -LRB- Windows 7 Starter -RRB- Samsung 20x DVDRW DL USB 2.0 External Drive w/LightScribe
 I have had a few of these but none have kept my nina girls so secure they are nice and warm in there new case and I can rest very durable
 This case is a great value . As mentioned by other reviewers , it is not a super rigid case . It has 2 sheets of convoluted foam , and 1 sheet of flat perforated foam that can be used to create cutouts.This case is great for transporting pistols to and from the range , or on trips where the are in your care the whole time . It does great at keeping the guns from banging around in the trunk of your car , for instance . I have taken several trips with it , and have not noticed the guns , magazines , or optics shifting at all.If , however , you have to ship the case when it would be out of your direct control , I do not think it is rigid enough to be thrown around by someone who does not care about it . While it can be locked , breaking the locking tabs off would be a trivial matter . As long as you do n't expect this to be as durable as a $ 150 pelican , you should be very satisfied .
 I could not be more happy with this case . I bought it to hold model figures for a game I play , and the ability to lock the case puts my mind at ease if I ever have to leave it somewhere . I also love that it comes with 3 layers of foam , and that it appears to be incredibly durable for the price I paid . Compared to name-brand model cases , I absolutely love the price ! I 'd recommend this case for anyone wanting a safe place to store anything as it 's very versatile .
 I own several Plano cases and was not disappointed with this latest 1404 case . They are high quality with great lockable latches . The two layers of foam in this case makes it very versatile . Only reason I did n't give it 5 starts is because it would be nice if there was foam on the inside edges . If you have really heavy items in it , they slide to the bottom when you pick the case up . It would be nice to have foam on the bottom edges to protect those items when they move . Lighter items do n't move but a fully loaded pistol or , in my case , 33 round Glock mags fully loaded tend to move . Other than that , great case for the money and well worth it .
 I needed a case to transport my guns . I purchased this exact case at Big 5 for $ 29.99 and saw it for more at a local gun shop . Upon getting home I checked Amazon and found it for $ 12 so I returned it to Big 5 and ordered it online.The case is pretty servicable and for the money I could n't ask for more . It fits any gun I put in it , including my Ruger MKII with the 10 '' bull barrel . The latches appear to be holding fine.now here 's somethings I was n't crazy about , but again , at $ 12 I 'm not complaining , however they 're still valid design shotcomings .1 -RRB- the plastic has enough give to it that it bows out when you try to close it with guns in the case2 -RRB- the foam looks like it might retain moisture - I keep guns in silicone gun bags inside the case just to be on the safe side3 -RRB- the eyelet for the lock is tiny - you ca n't use anything larger than a small luggage lock and even if you did , I 'm sure I could just twist it off . To be fair , this is not a security lockbox and the entire case could be ripped apart by an adult with reasonable strength or a smart kid with a simple lever.in conclusion , if you 're looking for a cheap case to transport your guns to the range or just a case to keep your guns from getting banged up during a move , this case is fine . If you 're looking for a child-proof , aviation-grade gun case , this is n't it.In the picture of the product on the box , it shows foam cut out to accomodate guns , and I 'm sure it would work even better if I got denser , closed-cell foarm that does n't retain moisture , although this would n't address the security concern , but for my intended purpose it 's fine as is .
 This case is perfect if you have more than one handgun that you want to travel with -LRB- as it is airline approved -RRB- or that you want to keep locked in your closet , etc. .
 Good case for the money . The hinges seem to be sturdy and the case is not flimsy . I feel this is a good case for the price .
 I spent a little time looking for a case , not for a pistol , but for music equipment . Checking various stores online and locally this is the best I could find for the money . In fact , in regard to price , I could n't really find anything really close . I actually found on a music message board someone reccomend this for a vocal effects pedal . So I purchased it for my TC Helicon VoiceLive 2 . It was 3 layers of foam inside , 1 flat , and 2 of the bumpy kind . I assume you could cut the foam to fit any item , though I just removed one layer of the bumpy foam , and it keeps a snug grip on my Effects pedal . There is still room for a mic , and probably some cable.In regards to quality , for the money I do n't think I could find better protection for my stuff . The clasps seem secure enough to last at least some time , I 'm not disappointed . There is a hole for a small padlock , but I would not trust this item for Pistol security . For car travel to and from places its a nice lightweight case however , but I feel like even locked up , I might be able to break into it with minimal tools pretty quickly.In sum
 I purchased one of these cases from a gun store and it came with foam that was precut in a grid so you could make very clean holes . This case from Amazon did not have that although it is the same model/brand . I am using it for some electronics instead of a gun . The plastic is not super high quality however it will hold a gun just fine . I would not use this for a gun with a kid in the house though . If you need a case for a project , I highly recommend this . If you need a case for a gun , I would recommend a Pelican case .
 I looked everywhere for a case that would fit the Kel-Tec Sub 2000 . It fits -LRB- edge to edge -RRB- while leaving lots of spare room for extra magazines , accessories , etc.While I would n't use it to transport it via air-cargo , it will protect the carbine in most situations .
 This holds my Smith & Wesson SD9 VE , 2 magazines , eye protection , hearing protection -LRB- ear plugs -RRB- , two boxes of ammo , and more , and it still has room left over . The padding/cushions are thick , and keep everything from moving around.The only reason I did n't give this a 5 is because the plastic is n't the strongest , and the spot for the lock is very small and weak . I 'll most likely just get a lock big enough to go around the handle , since it 's much more durable there.Bottom line
 Very nice case for the price but when you load it up with ammo and a gun the handle will flex .
 I ordered 2 cases to carry my SASS pistols in . I would never use it to to take guns on a airline flight that 's why only 4 stars . For local carry and in the car it works great and meets all requirements for car transporting . I already had one case and liked it enough to order the two I just got .
 great case at a great price . i use for my microphones . i feel good about them being in there . very functional as well as having adjustablity with the layer of foam you can pluck out to fit the shape you need .
 Thank you to the peeps at Plano!The 1404 Protector Series case is both affordable and well-made in the true spirit of fine quality Plano products . The hard case design makes this product compact on the outside and roomy on the inside . The egg crate foam offers excellent protection for even the most fragile of porcelain or glass . The perforated sheet of foam allows for a variety of uses including securely holding an object in place while the closed case is being moved , crammed , stuffed or otherwise man-handled into a cargo hold for travel . With this well-thought of design , I am confident in knowing that my artwork is protected to and from a show . These super cases make packing and unpacking for and at a show a snap snap.Model showers , photographers , gun enthusiasts , fishing fanatics , anyone who is planning on hauling around delicate items for use in the field or traveling cross country will not be disappointed with the purchase and use of this fine product.My personal thanks to the folks at Plano for another outstanding product !
 This case will hold a couple full sized pistols , several magazines , and a couple boxes of ammo . I would recommend this as a cheap multi pistol case .
 Great Item I would order again . I had the same Item that went through a five and saved my guns ... even though it is not fire resistant .
 No , this is n't an aluminum or steel case , so the security level will not be the same . The plastic hinges wo n't handle being pitched out of an aircraft , but should handle just about anything otherwise.I 've been using Plano cases for my pistols for years , and have had zero issues with them , but again I understand what they are for and what they are not for . To store a loaded pistol in a secure way to protect children , this will do it . Just get yourself a padlock and nobody is getting into the box without major destruction.I 'm not using this particular case for it 's intended purpose . I 'm cutting out the foam to handle camera equipment -LRB- lenses and bodies and flashes -RRB- and I can already say that this will be perfect . Three layers of foam with two layers for items , this will hold a substantial amount of gear securely when I am shooting outside the studio .
 I actually did n't get this for pistols . It works great to store our electronic depth sounder and fish finder with all its cables and attachments .
 I bought a few of these , as well as some of the thicker ones for colder weather . Since I do a lot of hiking and backpacking , this is the best way to go as it keeps you cool and dry and provides enough insulation and to block out the sun 's rays . The material itself feels light as a feather -LRB- hence the name -RRB- and very comfortable against your skin . However , depending on the type of conditions , I suggest going for lighter colors like blue or silver -LRB- if available -RRB- and not black , as even with the lightweight fabric it will still draw too much sun . This has become an essential item for all of my hikes .
 Highly recommend this tool . ALmost as good as a Dremel type tool-does everything Dremel can BUT this lower cost brand is not as strongly made as the Dremel brand name is . I have both tools and they both perform equally well with the exception of this brand does not last as long as the Dremel brand tool -LRB- I have one that is over 15 years old while this other brand lasted just under 5 years . Also it can not do as `` heavy '' as jobs the Dremel can . You can push the Dremel and use it for hours continuously while the other brand needs a rest after 30 min constan use . But over all is definately worth the money and is excellent for fragile craft work such as shells or engraving as it is much lighter than the Dremel is so is easier to hold .
 I got this to help keep the water and dirt from shooting up and landing on my new Topeak rack and what ever I have on it . It does the job and adds good looks . It comes with 2 screews and had it on in seconds . I have 26 inch wheels and with the rack and fender no more wet back or packages . It sticks out 5 inches past the rack .
 made to go with topeak 's mtx rack , the fender runs a few inches under the rack and then extends about 4-5 inches beyond the rack.i have used it once and it keeps the rider and the rack cleaner and drier . does the job it is designed for at a reasonable price .
 I got the seatpost MTX rack for my cyclocross bike , and since I ride it through snow & rain , I thought the rack alone would be like a fender , but my bag got covered in mud , so I got the fender and it 's much better . Plus the person riding behind me does n't get pelted in the face.Easy instal , works with my little blackburn flea light , but if you do have a light that hangs low , it 's might push it down a bit . look on your rack , that little tab on the bottom connects to it , so you 'll have to make the call .
 Have used it once when I would normally be covered in mud spray . I came off clean whilest companion who was n't using it was not so lucky.Attaches nicely to carrier . Very pleased to have purchased it .
 If you have the Topeak Bike Rack system , this is a snap to install . Two screws -LRB- provided -RRB- and you are done . Looks great and extends out about 4 '' beyond the rack . Have not had it in the rain yet but from the looks of it , it should work quite nicely .
 Connects easily and does the job of keeping water and mud off of your back , plus it keeps the bottom of the bag clean !
 Mounted it on my MTX Beam rack with side panniers , and it took all of 4 minutes . Comes with allen head screws , and fits snuggly into place . Rigid plastic , that sticks out just as far as the waterbottle on my Topeak bag , but it protects everything , and keeps me and my gear a skosh drier . Definately worth it .
 It is permanently on my bike and it works just as described . I have no complaints .
 the clip on the reflector mount breaks easily but works well w / a little mod
 I 've mounted it backwards under the rack . Provides splash protection and does n't protrude beyond rack .
 It is light , mounts flawlessly and securely on the MTX rack with or without the side frame for the panniers , and is very simple to install.Topeak MTX BeamRack Bike Mounted RackTopeak MTX Dual Side Pannier Frame For Beam Rack
 I have this attached to my Topeak rack and bag , and it 's great . I got caught in the rain during my commute for the first time last week . After 30 minutes of riding thru the rain and mud , it kept me and my bag clean . Unlike the other cyclists I saw that had a big brown stripe on their backs . Even though it 's easy to remove , I leave it on all the time because it 's inconspicuous .
 Although I have n't road in rain since I installed this fender , from the looks of it , it will do a great job . Sturdy , seems to sticks out from my topeak trunk far enough , and installs in minutes .
 Got it last week and mounted it to my mtx beam rack , but honestly did n't like how it protruded beyond the rack ... i store my bike on the wall and the tip of the fender almost brushed the floor . I came here , saw where someone mounted theirs `` backwards '' and promptly did the same . Got to test it in the rain yesterday and it worked just fine . If you own the beam rack , this is just simply a 6 dollar `` must have '' add on in my opinion .
 Make sure that you have either MTX or EX Beam Topeak Racks for the fender to fit . Very well made product .
 Easy to put on Easy to take off Works great Makes bike look killer The black fenders look great against the silver color of bike .
 This is a great bag I bought last year , it was a lot bigger than I expected , but it is great , very versatile and I love that I can split the bag up in smaller bags especially a boot bag .
 This is a really nice Reebok Flex Fit hat . Just make sure that you do n't have a big head like me . The hat is very tight on my head , even though the tag says `` One sizes fits all '' . This is a very good quality hat though .
 I bought a few of these , as well as some of the thicker ones for colder weather . Since I do a lot of hiking and backpacking , this is the best way to go as it keeps you cool and dry and provides enough insulation and to block out the sun 's rays . The material itself feels light as a feather -LRB- hence the name -RRB- and very comfortable against your skin . However , depending on the type of conditions , I suggest going for lighter colors like blue or silver -LRB- if available -RRB- and not black , as even with the lightweight fabric it will still draw too much sun . This has become an essential item for all of my hikes .
 I purchased these Stainless Steel Dome lights for use in a restoration of a small vintage travel trailer . They worked great and provide a great vintage look -LRB- unlike the newer plastic cabin lights used in modern travel trailers -RRB- .
 I got this rack simply becuase it had the spring mounted holder in addition to the snap in system of the other Topeak rack . The slot is there for the Topeak specific bags to mount . . but for their cost I do n't think I will ever buy one , so I got this one with the spring.My bike is a Fuji Sunfire 4.0 26in Hybrid and it went on no problems . The cap screws , washers , nuts are all chrome plated so they should last a while without rusting . Since I also had the frame mounts already welded on it was simply a matter of bending the horizontal support bars a bit and tightening everything up . There is no interference from my seat or the seat tube.The rack is well made , the welds looks very nice -LRB- no spatter , voids etc -RRB- and the powder coat is nicely done . The rack even includes on inverted ` T ' bracket at the end and several generic mounts for lights and reflectors at the rear of the rack . The stickers they put on the main support tubes are the only COSMETIC issue . . printing them on would have given it a much cleaner look.Good value , good fit for my bike .
 It was beyond my expectations . Its a sturdy well constructed rack.The spring on the rack works great ! Combine withn the bike bag I purchased its all I need for my cycling experience .
 This is a nice rack . The only reason why I do not give it a 5-star rating is because I would like a simple plate that I can attach pre-existing items to to carry on the rack . However , it does accept standardized bags . I since purchased a newTopeak MTX Trunk Bag DXP Bicycle Trunk Bag with Rigid Molded Panelsand it was a wise investment .
 It 's attached to my bike and it carries stuff . It passes.The one thing you should know before getting this is that it 's designed for bikes that bosses by the seat post for the arms to attach to . I think most modern bikes have these , but I had to ream out the holes in the arms so that I could attach it to the seat post bolt instead .
 I have been commuting with this rack on my Hybrid for over a month now and think it 's great . The integrated rack and bag feature is very convenient . Although the spring hinged part of the rack keeps my Topeak bag from being as secure as the rack w/o the spring . But if I do n't use my bag , which is rare , the spring would be handy .
 These racks are sturdy and installation is intuitive . However , with the supplied hardware they are not universal . It 's easy enough to pick up whatever hardware you will need to make it work on your bike .
 This rack was as-advertised and easy to install , although I had to redo it to make sure it went far enough back to also function as a mud guard . My only minor complaint is that it 's designed to accommodate a particular brand of rear light/reflector mounted on the back , but I wish it was designed a little more generically to handle the light and reflector that I currently have mounted on my seat post .
 This rack is exceptionally well-made , as has been my experience with Topeak products . The spring really seems to make a difference ; there is a decent price difference between this rack and the same rack without the spring , but in my opinion -LRB- never having used the non-spring version , that is -RRB- , the spring is completely worth it . I have used the Topeak Office Bag that clips on , and it 's wonderful ; the rack keeps it in place within a quarter of an inch . I 've also used a bungee cord , which works well given the large number of possible places on the rack to hook it . However , the spring comes in handy when you have no other type of restraint system handy . I 've clipped a jacket under the spring and it has n't budged.The installation is incredibly simple ; the rack comes with only a few different parts , includes all necessary bolts , and also includes a mount for a tail light . You 'll need a 5mm hex wrench to install the rack , but that 's it .
 I have this on my commuter bike and use it to hold my panniers when I bike to work every day . It 's great , strong , and easy to install . Highly recommended .
 It installed very easily . It has held up very well and it has handled everthing I have bungeed to it . Highly recommend .
 I installed this on my bike and have had it for over a month . Installation was straight forward . Quality is really great . I prefer this over the springless version since you do n't have to secure your load with strings . No problems so far . The spring is pretty tight and the rack does not creak over rough road or bumps .
 I now commute to work a little over a mile and also use my bike when grocery shopping . The rack is very sturdy and handles all the weight I have put on it so far . I also bought the Topeak folding basket that slides onto the groove on top of the rack and keeps it locked in place . It 's a great system . Since my bike frame did n't have predrilled holes for the front frame brace connection , I just drilled out the holes a little larger and put the braces on the seat stem height adjustment bolt . Been using this rack over a month now and it has allowed me to carry groceries in the basket instead of in a backpack . I would recommend this to anyone that regularly needs to carry things and does n't want to use a backpack to do it . Bill
 After ordering two racks that would not mount properly , I ended up getting this one . My 25 '' Trek is a huge bike and no other racks would mount at the right angle . This one however , fits like a glove.High quality build , very sturdy and solid . Lots of adjust ability so it 'll fit everything from my wifes 17.5 '' frame to my 25 '' .
 I commute to work and have bought two racks for two different bicycles . The arm does a great job holding everything and I do not have to keep up with an extra bungee cord .
 This is a great rack . Very strong and rigid . Strong spring latch and a spot to mount a light . Mounted to my Trek 3700 with little effort . A great buy .
 I wish the description was more specific , as to fitting seat post attachment , it does and I was very glad it did . I did not have frame attachments on my bike frame . Very nice rack and I wanted the spring action to hold the mail when I collect it from the delivery box . This was an easy install and took only a few simple tools .
 Ordering things on the internet can be scary for me . I 'm not always sure if I 'm going to get what I want . This bike rack is just what I wanted . I had looked at them at REI , so I was pretty sure it would be fine . Installation was easy & it looks great on my Giant Cypress DX
 I use a TREK 4300 for daily commuting . I needed the Topeak Rack for my dry trunk bag . The rack is light weight and easy to install . My bike does n't have the holes to fix it so I bought a seat post clamp with attachment points . The spring is an easy way to hold and carry things . I was afraid this could make my bike look older but the design is quite good and the color is OK .
 Overall does what it 's suppose to do . The spring is not as strong as my older model but it does come with a rear light mount .
 I unpacked and installed this rack on my bike in under an hour . The sliding track system works very well , and the rack feels very secure , no tendency to rattle .
 - it is fairly easy to install - seems well made - it is sturdy - the spring holder is very useful
 Product exceeds expectations in weight , strength , ease of installation and came with all of thenecessary hardware needed to put on bike
 I ordered this bag just before we went on a big trip across country . I bought it to use as a diaper bag for my Baby . With all of the pockets and light weight it was wonderful . I will never use a regular diaper bag again its the best . Thanks Marie
 I bought a few of these , as well as some of the thicker ones for colder weather . Since I do a lot of hiking and backpacking , this is the best way to go as it keeps you cool and dry and provides enough insulation and to block out the sun 's rays . The material itself feels light as a feather -LRB- hence the name -RRB- and very comfortable against your skin . However , depending on the type of conditions , I suggest going for lighter colors like blue or silver -LRB- if available -RRB- and not black , as even with the lightweight fabric it will still draw too much sun . This has become an essential item for all of my hikes .
 These arrows are truly impressive . They work well with both field points and broad-heads . Combined with my Barnett Predator , I can fire a bolt through a Flea 's A ** at 300 meters . Nuff Said ;-RRB- ~
 Bought these in case I ruined a couple that came with my crossbow while practicing . Very good arrows that fly straight & true . I no longer shoot more than one arrow at a time at a given target . Also , I had one arrow that came with the crossbow that always went left about 3 inches at 30 yds . Probably the vanes , but the ones I ordered all fly straight . I am very happy with these arrows . By the way , I use a Barnett Quad 400 crossbow .
 These are Sleek , Smooth , and Straight and VERY ACCURATE . I 've shot these over and over and they are a `` Real Steal '' at their price , I WILL be purchasing more of these real soon , I 'd recommend these to anyone who wants a High Quality Crossbow Arrow for an Economical Price . Buy'em Buy'em Buy'em !!!!
 The bolts fly like a bullet , easy to find when they hit the target ! The bolts fly so fast that you are unable to see them flying !
 Just received them , Just shot them , Just loved them ! They are the same arrows that came with my Barnett Buck Commander . I did not know they would be the same ones , but they are and they are great quality arrows .
 I would recommend these bolts for the Barnett Predator Crossbow . They tract very well . Once you sight your bow in using these bolts always stick with this bolt because others will most times tract different thus throwing your aim off . Good product .
 I am by no means an expert on crossbows and crossbow bolts/arrows but these seem to be pretty good bolts/arrows . With the Barnett Quad 400 it takes these longer , heavier arrows and they are pricey at some of the national chains that sell this type product but for the price you ca n't beat these . The quality is great and they work great with the bow .
 I bought these bolts for my Barnett Predator Lite xbow . From the looks of 'em they are identical to the ones that came with an xbow , only green `` Headhunter '' . They are accurate but expensive . I was able to score a pack of them from Dick 's for about the same price , so bargains are hard to find for Easton products .
 product was just as advertised very nice and a good price would definitely buy from vendor again bolts were actually nicer than described
 Excellent . The exact arrows that came with by Barnett Predator ... I just purchased some other arrows and I will see how they stand up to the others . .
 As soon as I got these in the mail I swapped the 125 gr field points to 125 gr Slik tips , took 'em outside , and put all 6 inside a 4 inch hole at 30 yards ... . if I had a longer range , I 'm sure they 'd hold pattern out to 60 yards . No problems whatsoever , no ` flyers ' , very consistant , and about $ 10 less than at Bass Pro Shops with the free shipping !!!
 This is a quality bolt . Great accuracy . Very sturdy and long lasting . I will buy them again . My hunting partner and I both use them .
 These are the same as I received with the Ghost crossbow and they shoot the same . Good product . Shoot nice .
 I use these with my barnett predator and have not had any problems with them . They work well with my bow and are very durable .
 These arrows are the same as the ones Barnett ships . With it 's bow . There durable and fly -LRB- straight as an arrow -RRB- I fired one into the ground it buried itself to the nock and was like new when I pulled it out . I recommend them to anyone looking for a 22 &#34; arrow that can take the stress of 350 + fps and hold up like new .
 These are just as described and fits my husbands crossbow perfect !! Received quickly and sure enough he was out there within minutes after receiving . . : -RRB-
 worked out well ease to find if lost strong not ease to brake shoots great got my frist deer with one of these bolts
 thank you for me this is different and i am glad to get them i cant wait to get to use them thank you
 NICE PRICE FOR BOLTS WITH TIPS , , JUST WHAT I NEEDED FOR MY QUAD 400 , , FACTORY MADE BARNETT BOLTS , , AND REMOVE ABLE FIELD POINTS
 Great bolts . Accurate and strong . No worries concerning my arrows , very confident . Same arrows that came with my Barnett Predator .
 It was delivered earlier than I expected . This tennis ball hopper is really great for those who are practicing by themselves without playmate . Good thing about this is that you do n't have to bend to pick up the ball . All you have to do is place it on the ball on the ground , push it gently , and the ball pops up . Actully I did n't know by the time I got this but this is really good function it has . Frame is not as sturdy as I want . It should be good enough , though .
 Already came assembled ... Great product , sturdy as it should be . Gamma is the best , period .
 We use this to practice tennis . It hold over 70 balls and is easy in picking them up after they have all been used
 This is the 3rd ballhopper I 've owned . Each has been more heavy duty than the last . I consider this to be the only one I 've used or seen that will stand the test of time . However , some women will find that this one is too heavy with a full hopper of 75 balls -LRB- or , unlike myself , you work out at the gym , and handle it just fine :-RRB- -RRB- . This ballhopper is worth the money .
 This ball hopper is well made . It is sturdy in construction and does its job well . I no longer need to bend over to pick up my tennis balls . I simply place this over the ball , push down slightly and the ball is in the basket . A great back saver . I have not had any problems with it falling over while in the upright position . I expect this to last for several years .
 Gamma Hi-Rise Gold 75 Tennis Ball HopperPRO : > solid , thoughtfully-designed , & lightweight > never falls over , even if only 1 of the 2 steel balls on each leg gets `` locked-on '' > handles never pinch my hand when picking up balls -- just hold ` em together tight > balls readily enter between bottom slats when picking up , but never fall out again > legs lock-onto bottom easily
 This is a great hopper , especially since it is taller than other hoppers ' I 've seen so you do n't have to bend over as much while picking up balls . I had a problem -LRB- failed weld on arm -RRB- with one I bought 2-3 years ago and Gamma provided great customer service and immediately sent a new arm . When you want to switch from pick-up to upright mode , I recommend you remove the arm from one of the hinges rather than force it out . Does n't take any more time and is easier .
 So far so good . It works well . Easy to set into a hi-rise position . It locks easy . We have been using it almost every day for a month or so and it did n't break up . It starts showing the wearing traces , but we can not say when the lock would get loose . I hope never or not soon . Good product , worth it 's price .
 This is a very sturdy well constructed ball hopper . I am sure it has many years of life on court . But as a casual player , I have a few complaints .1 . The hopper in standing position is secured by these metal balls that snap into the position . First of all , it 's impossibly hard to put them locked into position . I decided to use them without locking it due to this .2 . Also the metal locking balls get stuck to the nets and fences , acting like a hook . Whenever I hopped the balls near the net -LRB- like a fish net -RRB- , the balls hook it . Minor annoyance .3 . The cover works fine when I carry the hopper but it does not stay in open position so when I pick up balls , I can only use it to pick up balls through the bottom , not putting it from the top.Other than these , this is a super strong -LRB- somewhat heavy -RRB- hopper that will last forever .
 I have used the hopper a dozen times . The hopper is steady standing on the legs . It picks up balls very easily . The handles do not lock but they stay together well enough . Some reviewers have complained that the lid does not lock but the lid locks securely enough that I can pick up the hopper by grabbing the lid . The hopper is bigger than what I need and I was looking for a smaller hopper but the smaller ones do not seem to be as sturdy .
 After reading reviews on this hopper and other hoppers , this exceeded my expectations . The heavy gauge steel and strong welds can handle frequent court usage .
 Gamma Ballhopper arrived damaged -LRB- I believe carrier threw it around -RRB- , so I had to return it . Shipper could not have been more cooperative in making the return process a no brainer . -LRB- They sent me a return label via e-mail the same day I called . -RRB- I was not unhappy with the product & have reordered same from shipper .
 Definitely worth the little extra money . This hopper has heavy gage reinforces wires making it very sturdy and durable ; not flimsy like the Wilson or cheaper versions of this same brand . The handles design allows you to quickly lock the handles down or bring them up for pick-up . Very sturdy with the handles locked down . Additionally , the handles can quickly be attached or detached for transportability . Has an attached lid to keep balls from spilling during transportation or storage . I 've had mine 6 months and use it about two times a week ; it shows no signs of wear and tear . Consider this if you are looking for a hopper
 I am a USPTA pro in Texas , and this is the best hopper I 've found for my youth clinics . It 's light , and holds more balls the the 50 ball aluminum hopper . And the kids can handle it to stand up for feeding their own balls . I like it better than tubes .
 This gold-colored ballhopper seems to made out of strong material . The handles do n't come apart during transition to standing legs -LRB- like Gamma 's cheaper models -RRB- , and does n't flex while carrying the hopper . The `` bearings '' help the legs to stay in place well enough . The cover is a bit lose but can be bent a bit to become tighter . Overall this Gold model is a bit heavier than cheaper model -LRB- Hi-Rise 80 -RRB- , but it 's a worthy trade-off . Speaking of the cheaper model Gamma 's Hi-Rise 80 hopper , my advise is do n't get it . It 's flimsy and the steel wire frames seem like plastic . It 's worth paying a bit more for this more robust model .
 Very well designed and sturdy pickup hopper . The steel wire frame is rigid enough that this hopper should be able to take some abuse and not deform over time . Floating wires at the bottom of the basket enable balls to easily enter ; and , nylon rollers on the bottom sides of the basket protect the court surface . Received this from FogDog within a couple of days .
 The gamma unit is well built . I have had zero problems with the lid closing tightly . Even if it was problematic ... it would only require minor metal bending to correct the issue . While it does not have a latch to keep the legs together , in the upright position , a simple twist tie or Velcro tie does the trick.My concern is based on how often one switches from freestanding to pickup . The unit is secure when standing , but I did not enjoy the process of switching from standing to pickup . The legs sometimes lock well in the standing position , to the point they are slightly difficult to unlock . The unit holds about 60 balls , which ended up requiring 4-5 switches per hour . This depends on what you are working on , but in my case I decided I rather buy a second ball hopper and ended up using the gamma gold 75 as mainly a ball holder.Gamma Pro Gold 85 Tennis Ball HopperConversely , if you pick the 85 ball hopper then you lack a stand/cart . Simply a question of buying the right unit or units for how you play . Ordering the two units work well , but others might prefer a stand alone hopper and a ball cart , or a larger single hopper.Gamma Whopper -LRB- 140 -RRB- Ball HopperIf you feel you need something a little more durable . Consider looking for a hoag hopper . They are a little heavier and cost a bit more . The gold hopper do tend to be worth the price difference over the regular gammas -LRB- 20ish versus 30ish -RRB- .
 Pros : * beautiful durable gold anodized finish * stand snap-locks so wo n't collapse under load * balls effortlessly slide through cage bottom * hopper can be rolledCons : * no snap to keep handles together in carry mode * handles interfere with cover ca n't be opened with handles in carry mode therefore balls can only load from bottomYES , I would buy or recommend .
 Gamma 's high rise gold 75 is the best ball hopper I 've ever owned . I 've been playing tennis for over 20 years . Gamma good !
 This tennis ball hopper is solid build and handy to use in tennis court . I like it very much . If it comes with wheels will be perfect .
 It works for me . It 's not fancy , serves its purpose . Helps make practicing fundamentals easier .
 We are using it regular for training our kids . Obviously , it is doing a good job . Even my 4.5 y old daughter can pick up the ball by herself .
 decent product that does what it supposed to do . as the other reviewer mentioned , the top will pop open when laid on it side in the trunk of the care . This model costs about twenty dollars more in a sporting goods BM store .
 It 's a good hopper . A little rickety , but perhaps they all are . I use a clip to keep it closed when it 's lying down in the back of my car . Picks up tennis balls great .
 Gift for 10 year old boy . Does n't come assembled . But material strong and works just fine ! Shipped very quickly !
 I LOVED THIS BALLHOPPER FROM GAMMA , VERY COMFORTABLE TO USE AND GREAT AT TAKING THE BALLS , RECOMENDED TO ANYBODY AND HAS A VERY GOOD PRICE , AWESOME !!!!!!!!!
 I was impressed how fas the ball hopper arrived and it is exactly what I had expected .
 It is a very good product . It is a heavy duty and firm hooper . It shipped promptly on time .
 It 's an acceptable hopper for the $ 20 I paid and at that price point well worth the money . downsides to this hopper are that the handles do tend to pop out if you are n't careful and it 's best to pick up one ball at a time . Great for working on serves or training someone .
 I practice serving a lot without anyone to help pick up the balls and this is a great deal . It works properly , saves your back , and is very sturdy . The price included the shipping which makes this a must buy for this type of hopper . Thank you .
 I only play tennis occasionally with my 5 year old . This saves my back and nicely picks up and stores the balls . Great for the price . I did read the other reviews and install the legs inside the basket , and also scraped off the red sticker immediately . I use some velcro tape to hold the handles together when carrying , but the ball compartment has stayed closed for me , and it stands as well as any other ball hopper of it 's type .
 I bought this thing to practice my serves . really nice . only complaint , its a little heavy . Holds a lot of balls .
 I bought this as a 2010 Christmas gift for my husband , since he and the dog play lots of tennis ball in the backyard . He 's used the heck out of it and still has good things to say . Could maybe stand to be a little sturdier , but overall , does the trick .
 Assembling was not difficult . Only con is that sometimes it 's not so easy to get it stand up
 This is just what I needed to start practicing more . Not very sturdy . Wobbles sometimes . But it 's perfect for once or twice a week practice
 Gamma Ballhopper was inexpensve -LRB- half the price of sports stores -RRB- sturdy construction , easy to use.Teaching a teenager tennis has become less an effort and more an enjoyment . Quick ball pick up and waist high setting allows for an easier practice flow with less waisted time GREAT PRODUCT FOR ME AT A GREAT PRICE .
 The ball hopper is easy to use . Stucture is sturdy enough to carry around . However , one simple thing to add is a clip to hold handle/leg together when it folded to be stored in truck without banging .
 This Gamma ball hopper is n't as sturdy as the ones at my club , but it does its job for a reasonable price . Drawbacks include a somewhat unsteady stand that collapses if you are n't careful to balance it before you let go . The top closes with a little difficulty , and again , if you are n't careful , you 'll end up with balls all over the back of your car . But really , those few extra seconds of care are worth it since this hopper is perfect for practicing serves , one after the other , or feeding balls to your kid without having to stop every few seconds to chase down balls . The capacity seems to be somewhat less than the stated 75 balls ; however , it sure beats lining up balls at the baseline and bending down to pick them up . And pick up is just as easy as some of the more expensive models .
 This ball hopper , although not as sturdy as one of my other ones , does the job well . However , it holds only 70 balls.To solve the problem of handles not staying together , or lid not staying on , one can use velcro get-a-grips . The handles DO NOT fall off if put on correctly . They go between the uprights , so the ends go fully into their slots . It is only when incorrectly placed outside the uprights that they will fall off .
 The handles/legs are quite secure if properly attached . You need to first position the 2 handle/leg ends on the inside of the 2 vertical wires closest to the attachment tube on the basket . Then fit and insert the 2 handle/leg ends into each end of the attachment tube . The 2 vertical wires will prevent the handles/legs from falling out of the attachment tubes . When standing up the basket just push the handles/legs into position as far as it will go underneath the basket and you can feel a slight pressure from the basket to hold handles/legs into place . The reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars is that the instructions do tell you how to position the handles/legs properly for attachment and they should have additional plastic footings found on the underside of the basket attached on the handles/legs as well . This would give the handles/legs a better footing when standing up the basket as well as some protection . Overall a good hopper .
 Great price at Academy , $ 19.99 + tax . The legs must go in in front of the bars not around it . That 's why they keep coming off . You have to push the bars in a bit . At first I thought this was a ripoff but after I installed it correctly , it was perfect . If you do n't like the red sticker you can remove it . I tediously and slowly removed the red sticker . Took about 10 minutes and some isopropyl alcohol .
 As others have said , this basket will only hold about 60 balls if you want to close the lid . I find it very easy to pick up balls with it . And its sturdy enough , it might wobble a bit , but I 've had this basket out on very windy days when practicing serves and have never had it tip over on me . Also , major sporting goods stores in my area want around $ 40 for a basket similar to this . So this is a great value at half the price . I 'm thinking of picking up a second one .
 The Arc ` teryx Gamma LT pant is most definitely the best pair of pants I own . It is lightweight , comfortable , very water resistant , tough , stretchy -LRB- I can not abide clothing that restricts movement -RRB- and comfortable -LRB- did I say that already ? -RRB- I have spent years acquiring nice technical gear so that it is all I ever need wear regardless of what I am doing and these pants are the best of the lot . I lament that I only have one pair at the moment , but I certainly plan on getting more.It is not impressed with any of the abuse I have put it through from working in the yard to hiking up the side of a mountain through brush . If it has sustained any damage thus far I have n't been able to find it.Needless to say , I am very pleased with this purchase - even more so than many of the other Arc ` teryx products I own .
 The ball is in a good round shape -LRB- some Size 1 balls are n't . -RRB- and has good feel of touch . Overall good quality .
 Seriously , I can not believe how many people are registering real complaints about the flask in these sandals . If you are really planning an outing where you will be making cocktails , take a real flask . If you want to have fun and get a few laughs by pouring a few -LRB- yes , small -RRB- shots out of your sandals at the beach , buy these.Very comfortable and nice looking sandals with a fun novelty .
 I really like the sandals . Very comfortable , etc , etc.They say the sandals are supposed to hold 3oz each.My size 10 sandals barely hold 1oz each.That is my only complaint .
 Ok the sandles are comfy and cool looking but one of the caps on my flasks kept coming loose and on the second day i lost it while walking . They also should come with a funnel , its kinda hard pouring things into a 1 cm opening . so basically the flasks were almost useless , but the sandles are still good and thats the most important part , i should have gotten the bottle opener ones : - /
 I have been a proud owner of the bottle opener Reefs for about a year . Love 'em . Great for tailgates and parties . Now comes the Dram . I love it . Got them today , filled them up , and took them out . No leakage at all . The do n't make any sloshing noises . No , they do n't hold a keg worth of liquid . Did you really think they would ? Killer idea and much more fun than just regular old sandals . No complaints here .
 I really wish I could buy these sandals again . They are extremely comfortable and I love to carry a couple shots of rum to the beach with my when I go . I just grab me a soda and open my sandal and pour in a shot , its also a nice way to get your day goin when I crash at a friends house , if I wake up really thirsty I got myself a shot or 2 to put in my early saturday morning drink .
 the title says it all . I love these sandals . They 're a little more hefty than your run of the mill flip flop -LRB- especially when toting some unidentified liquids -RRB- and i believe that that is part of why my first pair lasted so long . I strongly recommend this product for anyone looking for a well made , built to last sandal , especially if you want one with a little more flair than most.For someone thinking about this sandal a few tips ; Wash the inside out thoroughly before and after using the flask , especially before the first useempty your sandals if you are n't going to use the liquid in a reasonable period of time , it is plastic afterall and may develop a slight plastic taste if left for too long.After several months of steady wear you will notice these sandals -LRB- like most upscale sandals -RRB- conform to your feet and are even more comfortable.I do n't recommend this sandal to people who fly frequently as they dont take kindly to your shoes having hidden compartments at the airport these days . -LRB- you 'll get through just fine , just expect a small hassle -RRB- I will say I would n't particularly recommend this sandal to very heavyset people either ... after years of use from me -LRB- a 6 ' 3 170Lb male -RRB- my father -LRB- significantly larger -RRB- finally dealt the killing blow to them when i let him borrow them when he could n't find his own shoes . -LRB- the sandals still work fine but the plastic casing of the flask was cracked beyond usability -RRB- I was surprised at this because they are very well made , and had served me well for years . But I suppose it was just their time . I have every intention of buying another pair , and another after that .
 These flipflops are both well-made and comfortable . The strap material is soft and did n't cause any irritation or discomfort from day 1 . The arch support is made for someone with moderate arches so it should be comfortable for most people . They are designed to give reasonable traction when wet or dry so they 're great for a day at the lake . The dram only holds about an ounce of fluid but hey , it 's more for fun than anything else . If you 're planning to use these to sneak your alcohol into a sporting event then I 'd come up with another strategy . But they do make a good conversation starter . The only reason I give them four stars instead of 5 is that the dram is made of hard plastic and so reduces the cushioning in the heel area somewhat . But other than that I 'd recommend them .
