 great service . product arrived extremely fast -LRB- before the estimated date -RRB- . excellent packaging and reliable service . product came precisely as described . it 's lightweight and is ideal for vacation trips to explore the sites from a closer angle .
 Very good binoculars for the price . Wanted to use to bird watch in our back yard , and am very happy with them .
 Compact , well design , powerful , light and small . Perfect for travel , concerts . Fits ins small bags . Ideal for woman ! Love it !
 4.5 stars . Amazing how these little binoculars work so well . Very easy to adjust , view is extremely clear . I wear contacts so I 'm not sure how user friendly someone with glasses would find them . Bought them for a weekend concert . Should have received them the day of the concert but they were delivered the day before -LRB- thank you Amazon ! -RRB- . Had decent concert seats , good enough to see who 's on stage but with these binoculars the vision was so clear you could read the detail on the bands t-shirts and see the player 's eye color . These fit easily into a smaller purse . Soft case , strap included . Have to agree with another reviewer on the lens caps . They do come off rather easily so be careful or it would be easy to lose one/both . Was debating between this pair and one slightly higher priced . Glad I chose these , for the money spent , the convenience , size , view , I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 These binoculars are small , so small its hard to believe that they are not toy binoculars . They are also very light weight which leads to the fact that the build quality is n't all that amazing . However , for the price , they are a real steal . The optics are really good , something on par with what one would expect from a brand like Olympus . The binoculars come with eye cups , a small case and a strap -LRB- which only attaches to one side -RRB- . The binoculars -LRB- like all other -RRB- fold down the middle and can be adjusted to fit different face contours . There is a standard focus ring on the top and its quite sturdy and stable.All said , I find these pair of binoculars to be the perfect travel companion . In this age when all airlines charge for checked in luggage and allow minimal cabin baggage , it can be daunting to fit in a laptop/Dslr + lens and some clothing in the cabin baggage -LRB- s -RRB- . I 'm glad this one is n't adding to the weight or taking up precious cargo real estate . -LRB- More room for those large L series canon lens :--RRB- -RRB- I bought this initially as a gift for my nephew , but liked it so much that I ordered one more for the other nephewThe only drawback , the small size may be a deterrent to someone with large hands or a really large face -LRB- Though I do n't think that a larger face usually leads to that large a distance between the eyes , but I 'm sure there exists a man out there who can perhaps find these too small to fit -RRB-
 After researching the ones for toddlers , I settled on this set of binoculars for my two year old granddaughter . She likes to go out with her dad to look at birds , visit the zoo and such . She loves his and now has one of her own . The magnification works ok and that was an issue with the ones for toddlers . It stayed in one piece and will be used under supervision . Overall , I am pleased with the product .
 I gave this item 4 stars based on it 's price . Even for $ 55 list this would n't be such a bad buy , but you can get them for substantially less . I am not a binocular expert by any means , but I 'll give you my opinion . The binoculars are lightweight and small . Probably even smaller than you would envision from the dimensions . They come with a soft case -LRB- with a belt attachment -RRB- and a strap . The strap only connects to one side , so if you wear them around your neck they hang sideways . They have a diopter adjustment which adjusts the focus to each eye , and a central focus knob . They are split down the middle and fold a bit to adjust to the width of your eyes . The build is definitely ` plastic-y ' which is one reason they are so lightweight . They say `` Made In China '' on the bottom , which for some reason cheapens their appearance a bit . Comparing the performance of these to a $ 100 pair of fullsize binocs I bought my father in law , I 'd have to say they are just okay . Of course , due the lens diameter & cheaper optics they are n't as bright or as clear . The images also seem to lack dimentionality . A tree , for instance , appears flat almost like cut out of construction paper . But it is still raised above the background , Giving you the feeling of watching a cheap 3D movie . The diopter adjustment is a bit stiff , making it difficult to fine tune . It also is n't stepped , so it can go out of adjustment . Finally , the lens covers fall off very easily.Does this all mean that I regret buying them ? Not at all . They were inexpensive , and unlike my father-in-laws large heavy binocs , they are lightweight & small enough to wear on your belt or put in your wife 's pocketbook . The image quality is decent -LRB- if not good -RRB- . They wont look ridiculous at a play or a concert & are probably decent all around traveling binoculars -LRB- for casual use -RRB- . And although they are not weather or water proof they are cheap enough to replace .
 I have not purchased this item ; however , I wanted to inform westwindtalker2 how to use these binoculars -LRB- or any other normal pair of binoculars -RRB- . First step , take off your eyeglasses . Second step , look through the binoculars at a stationary distant object , close your right eye and adjust the focus until the object is in focus for your left eye . Third step , while continuing to look at the same object , open your right eye , close your left eye and adjust the diopter correction until the object is in focus for your right eye . Fourth step , open both eyes , adjust the distance between the eyepieces so the image is seen as a single object and adjust the central focus knob . -LRB- You could also try reading the instructions supplied with the binoculars -- they are available in pdf format from amazon.com from this item 's webpage . -RRB-
 I have had this for over 6 months now and i cant really complain about it . Its compact and easy to use . However , people with glasses would have trouble using it . I use it without my glasses -LRB- there is a power caliberation that you can do to match ur eye power -RRB- and then its very clear.Easy to carry around and solid . Very good for its price .
 Well , I bought the bino for my 7 year old nephew to introduce him to birding . And he loves it , infact he pronounced it `` Pretty Cool '' . Was a good buy considering its compact and does what its supposed to do .
 Great little package ! Small , compact , fits easily in your pocket . Took them to Giants Stadium to use from my end zone seat . Able to see action very clearly in the opposite end of the field . Easy focus for my bad eyes .
 I was a bit worried at first at the tiny size , but it is tres powerful ! I bought it for a school trip to the Amazon forest and I sighted way more birds and animals than everyone else which helped get me an A in the course . Yes , these binoculars rock !!
 I bought these for a trip to Costa Rica and used them every day . They are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . These are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc. .
 I 've been looking for something to help improve the quality of my still life artwork . Little did I know that some of the issues that I HAD with creating my work was related to my ability to see . These handy , lightweight Poros prism binoculars do a great job indoors and out , letting me successfully see things that are a little further away ... and translate that information into details that I would have otherwise missed . I 'm generally using these glasses to see things that are placed between 6 feet and 15 feet away . I already wear bifocals and have some other visual issues , so the fact that this pair has a diopter adjustment sealed the deal for me . The only potential down side is that they seem to flatten the field of view , but for translating a 3-dimensional object into a 2-dimensional painting , this flattening might even be considered a positive feature .
 Purchased this Binocular for me and my 8 & 6 year-old boys and it works great for all of us . It is nice and compact -LRB- smaller than I expected -RRB- so this was a little too small for my husband but still works . Kids are having so much fun cuz we live in the woods and being able to discover so much from the surrounding nature .
 I looked for the good binocular for a long time . I have two already , but they are too bulky and heavy . I needed one for my hiking trips to watch Mother Nature events when I 'm on foot . This binocular is exactly what I need . Small enough to put it in the pocket , light wait , silver color make it visible , if I misplace it . The quality is excellent ! Very clear view on a big distance . This binocular is very nice thing to have on your trips , wherever you go .
 Great Quality Product ! Authentic and Great Colors ! Shirt was larger than expected though . I ordered a Large and it was unnecessarily wide . I wish I would have knew or I would have ordered a Medium . So you might want to try a size smaller than you usually buy unless you are a wide person or have worn Puma Brand Shirts before . But it 's definitely a nice shirt !
 Great service and was quick arriving to our APO address . The shirt is great just the colors are reverse of what we thought we bought !
 Absolutely a fine purchase . I really like this vest -- the fit , the breathability , the warmth . Excellent quality . I recommend it highly .
 My wife wanted one for Traveling , got it , Love 's it , She is very Happy and i am very Happy . Thanks
 We are very pleased with the Vest that we purchased and are looking forward to giving it to my Father in Law for the holiday . I am sure he will be happy . Sizing looks accurate as does fabric and style . It will be a great gift for him
 This is a great vest . I ordered a medium , I am a 38 &#34; in chest , yet the medium was too big for me really -LRB- if you want a close to the body fit -RRB- . I will get this vest again in a smaller size and other color .
 This vest is of decent quality , not quite as good as the previous Columbia fleece vest as it is thinner . The color is more of a faded black or dark grey than black . I think I would have been disappointed if I had paid full price but for $ 25 it is worth it . I would buy it again .
 everything in order , very good quality product , service stock.came charging according to the agreement.excellent , recommended to all users .
 I ordered this as something to layer underneath my work jackets . It fits well , so it should be comfortable when layering . Even if this just lasts through this winter , it was a great deal at this price.I have a lot of Colombia jackets -LRB- fleece , rain shell , omni-heat jacket , etc. -RRB- , and I have never been disappointed .
 This vest is just right when a jacket is too much , or when a less bulky additional layer is needed . It is true to size and is well constructed . I plan to add other colors to my collection .
 Quality is good , not as thin as some said . Fit is small than usual . I wear a medium usually but was glad I got a small .
 The vest is comfortable and is made well . The size is my only reason for giving 4 stars . The vest runs on the large side . If you want a tighter fit you will have to order at least one size smaller than what you normally wear . It would be better with an elastic draw string too .
 I wear this nearly every day in the office to stay warm . It 's fleece is perfect , and I love the freedom to move my arms . Size is perfect . No complaints .
 Great extra layer to add during the winter months for a fair price . Looks great too around the office or at home .
 My son and my husband loved their new vests . They love the feel and fit and the colors . I will have to remember to get them some more .
 Very nicely made Vest.Columbia has great products.Like the texture of the material.Pictures on amazon page could be better .
 The fit is not too loose and the cypress color is a gray-green cross . Nice neutral color for men . This was purchased for use in winter time , but it 's rather thin to wear alone . It 's better suited for use in spring-time or under a jacket since it 's not bulky .
 Great ! The fabric felt very gentle , and it 's very light . My husband love it very much . I also introduced it to our friends , one of them placed an order , so I bought it again . The size is a little bit bigger .
 The product was made well . It looks good has a lining but I found that it was not as warm as a similar product purchased over 10 years ago . I did not return it as when the weather gets warmer or when I will wear it inside .
 He likes it . A basic black vest . Seems well made unlike some brands whose zippers are not the best quality . If you are not broad shouldered though the sleeve area in the large size is a bit &#34; wingy &#34; looking . My husband is tall but not bulky so it is a little too big in that respect .
 Second of the same type for me . Perfect for cool weather . Yes indeed . comfy warm not restrictive . All one could ask .
 This was a great purchase for my husbands birthday . Very well cut and designed using quality materials that wear well . I purchsed the navy color and it is a very nice shade more of a navy/grey that goes well with everything . My husband wears a size 42 jacket so I purchased the large since the medium I bought him before fit a little too close for his liking , the large is a little roomier . Columbia is always a good product and the price was good too .
 This is a beautifully made vest and my husband loves the color -LRB- bark -RRB- . From another review I was tipped off that the vest runs large , so I got a size smaller than my husband 's usual size -LRB- XL to L -RRB- . It fits perfectly .
 Lightweight . I wear it mostly at night in my hammock to keep warm throughout the night . Layers well . Added a drawstring at the waist . Easy to do but would have preferred it was included .
 Although the product is great . It was not the exact color as published . It does not have a different color on the neck
 It was wright for what I was looking for . It arrived in good conditions but the coulor is a bit different that in the picture anyway it fits well , thanks .
 As it usually happens , Columbia makes the best and tis vest is not an exception . comfortable , nice and well made .
 All I wanted was a basic vest for cool summer days . Does the job perfectly . Will not stop the wind or keep you very warm - but if you are a guy needing pockets for your wallet - this works well .
 I have wide shoulders -LRB- 50 Regular suit jacket -RRB- , and the XL fit me perfect . I was especially pleased with the collar - which was shorter when popped than the previous Columbia vest I had owned . My previous fleece vest from Columbia lasted me about 2 years , so I have high hopes for this one as well . Very soft , great fit , extremely comfortable and versatile .
 Purchased this vest as a team vest for our local biathlon team . The fit was slightly large , but that is good for winter wear . The length was just below belt line . This is ideal for keeping the lower back warm while skiing and also shooting . Everyone that got a vest on our team was very pleased with the fit and the look . Great for training and looks good too !
 Dumb me , I ordered the wrong size . No problem with this purchase . It was easy to return and reorder the correct size . Credit came through for this purchase with days of me shipping wrong size back . This firm is `` On he Ball '' when it comes to handling a situation like this .
 While I do n't get too excited by clothing , and this is no exception , I do find this is a well made , comfortably warm vest , that I am glad I purchased .
 I wear this as an insulating layering or by itself over a shirt . It looks much better than my Columbia fleece which does n't have much shape . I like that it is super light and moderately warm .
 Bought this for my son in college after he asked for a black fleece vest for his birthday ... He thought it was perfect .
 Got my Columbia Cathedral Vest yesterday . Fits great and does it 's job perfectly.Paid 36 $ for it and its worth the money . It 's also much cheaper than similar products from North Face.Great for a run !
 First off - I am very happy with this purchase as it is exactly what I expected . And for the price , it 's hard to complain.The vest fits very nicely , i got the green large . I 'm a male 5 ' 11 '' and about 190 lbs . It fits me very nicely . Sometimes these vests bunch up around the gut looking dumpy but not this one.I have washed it a few times and it seems to be holding its colour , shape and stretch . It blocks the wind nicely and is perfect for cool autumn weather/early winter when it 's not too brutal but a t-shirt just does n't cut it.The collar is one it 's best features - it folds down nicely to keep your neck warm or you can turn it up to avoid the wind . The material is very soft and feels great on your skin.As for complaints , I find that i really miss having a breast pocket and I wish the pocket zippers went up to open as opposed to down.Since neither of these features were advertised , obviously i ca n't complain about their absence - i just prefer them and will be looking for both on my next vest purchase.One thing that I will knock off a star for is the depth of the pockets . They are quite shallow causing things to fall out easily - especially if you are sitting . If you are going to make a jacket with shallow pockets i think the pocket zips should go the other way ... Just make sure you remember to close the zips ! you can fit your entire hand in if you are trying to stay warm , but there is almost no downward angle to make a good pocket for holding your keys , phone or wallet.While we 're on the topic of zippers i will say that the quality of the zips on this jacket is top-notch . it will open or close from almost any angle and i would be very surprised if they stopped working.At $ 20 it 's hard to imagine a better purchase !
 Columbia fleece vests are the best I 've ever owned -LRB- it 's the third Columbia fleece I 've purchased -RRB- . They 're warm and very durable without being too bulky , making for a good fit and a nice appearance .
 My Significant Other needed something easy to get into because of shoulder surgery ... Perfect for him ! The warmth is wonderful ; the sizing worked out great . He did n't have a vest like this , but now he 's talking about getting another one , in another color . Pricing is perfect too . Ca n't think of any negative !
 Definitely get one size smaller than what you normally wear . I almost always wear an XL and when I tried this on it was baggy and roomy and with an item like this you want it to be snugger .
 I bought this for my husband last year , for Christmas . At this point in time , no complaints at all from him . Washes well and wears well , and its light color does n't show white dog hair , which was a must for a new vest !
 Quality is good but I need Longs and they dont seem to have many longs
 I ordered several of these in different colors . The quality is great and the sizing is true . Furthermore , they have come out of the washer & dryer looking like new each and every time . If additional colors become available , I wo n't hesitate to order more .
 Ordered this vest for my husband for Christmas . Beautiful red shade , and fits extremely well . He is very happy and I was pleased that it arrived so quickly and in perfect condition .
 I purchased this vest for my husband . He is very fussy and almost always finds something -LRB- even if it is really minor -RRB- wrong with anything he either buys or receives . He has worn this vest 3 times and has only had it for 6 days ! The fit was on target a large is a large . The craftsmanship above average . The price very good . This large fit nicely over a bit more belly than desired but would still fit well minus the extra pounds .
 I bought this vest for my husband for Christmas . It was perfect . He 's 6 ' 2 '' and about 220lbs and the XL fits him perfectly . He loves wearing it . It 's great for Southern winters were it does n't get too cold .
 This vest is very warm . It fits snug to your body keeping in your core body heat.The pockets are large . . perfect for someone who likes to carry a lot of things with them.The collar can be flipped up to cover more of your neck , or folded down when it 's not as cold.The fleece is very soft , and the vest overall is made well . I recommend this vest if you ` relooking to keep warm this winter . . either worn solo or as part of your winter layered clothing .
 I have been wearing this vest everyday since i got it . the color is great and the warmth is perfect . its not cold enough to wear heavy down jacket but this is just right for the cool days and nights here is S. Calif. thank you
 I ordered this one night , and had it in my hands within 3 business days - with regular shipping . It is a very good layer to add to any winter gear . It has two side zip-up pockets , and the collar zips all the way up if you need . It is super lightweight , and very warm -LRB- for a vest -RRB- . This vest does stop a tiny bit of wind , but not much . On a cool rainy day , wear this underneath a non-insulated rain jacket -LRB- shell -RRB- , and it 's perfect ! -- Very nice !
 This vest was exactly what I wanted . It has a furry texture -LRB- not all fleeces have that same texture -RRB- ; it has pockets that completely sewn into the garment -LRB- some sew it only on one edge -RRB- ; it has room in the pockets all the way to the side edge -LRB- and not just to the edge of the zipper -RRB- . The fit was good ; the sizes run large , so a L fits an XL person . I am very please and will probably purchase another .
 I bought this for my husband because he likes a fleece vest with a collar . He is very pleased and the vest looks great . The collar is big enough to really keep the wind off your neck .
 Its comfortable , warm , a little short in length but overall a really nice vest for me to wear in all types of weather . If I had to complain about one thing it would be that it is not fleece like I thought it would be so make sure you know what you 're buying . Other then that a nice product though !
 The vest fits well and is well made . If it had a zippered breast pocket it would be ideal and would get 5 stars . I would order it again .
 I had to replace a vest the job gave me because it was wearing out . I decided to order these vest in different colors . They go great with whatever I wear at the job . The quality is good for the money . I 'm known as the vest guy now .
 fits great , the blue is amazing , its warm but not too warm , I simply love this one . also got the black one and this a great product .
 I received just what I had ordered , which was the same brand I 've always worn and it was received very quickly before the expected date was even close to being up . I love my Columbia vests .
 Estoy muy contento de haber encargado &eacute;sta prenda . El color es muy suave y elegante . La prenda es muy c&oacute;moda .
 i liked this vest , , , the texture of the fabric is ideal for all season with style the thing is there is not enough pockets , , , , , , but it really serve my life style , , , , ill going to buy two more , , , i love it.i recommend this vest for all walks of life in style .
 Just the right weight to be outside in the Fall or Spring doing things . Keeps you warm without restricting mobility . Looks good and is very functional .
 I bought this as soon as the Winter cold hit NM and love it . The XL I first purchased was a bit short -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 5 &#34; -RRB- so I then bought an XLT which I put in the morning and wear till I retire at night . Excellent warmth and comfort . Excellent value for money .
 These vests are the most comfortable and great lookingAnd are very affordable and go great with any causual outfit
 My wife bought a couple of these first . I saw them and liked what I saw . Then I learned that she had bought a men 's vest , so I was pretty sure I could have one , too ! The zipper on the pockets is necessary , since the bottom of the opening is about even with the bottom of the pocket and things can fall out . I found one that fits my chest but it is loose at the waist . I will probably take a seam in a bit to correct that . The material is pleasingly soft and warm . They clean up in the washing machine.My wife 's two vests are the same size , but the waistband is larger on one than the other . They were manufactured in different countries .
 Great extra layer for the winter.Very good quality . Generous pockets.Extremely comfortable.Logo over the breast is pleasantly inconspicuous .
 Most of my winter gear is from Columbia and I 've never had any complaints about it . It 's about half the price of a comparable North Face garment and works just as well .
 Like all Columbia products , this item arrived true to fit and size . I purchased this item for my husband and he wears it all the time . It washes well and is very durable . We have had this product for two years and it still looks and feels brand new .
 I bought this to layer under my coat when the weather dips below freezing . It 's comfortable , soft , and keeps me warm . I also like the blue color . Dropped one star because it seems to be made for people with pot bellies . I 'm 6 ' 1 180 and the medium fits perfectly lengthwise and in the shoulder/chest area but there 's a lot of extra fabric in the middle .
 Nice color and Im wanting to buy another vest different color . I highly reccomend to buy , columbia has great cloths .
 Bought this vest for my brother and he loves it . I really liked the color of it because its so different .
 The fit , number of zippered pockets , and quality of fabric are all in keeping with a fleece vest that might have cost $ 15 or so more .
 Got this as a present for my dad . He loved it . Ordered an xl should have gone smaller product runs big
 Fits great and what a great price -- medium weight - true to size for mens large . Priced locally at $ 65 dollars
 love columbia products , it helps keep my chest warm so I can lower the heat in the house during the daytime .
 This vest is exactly what I wanted , lightweight yet warm , does n't hinder arm and shoulder motion ; very soft comfortable material .
 I chose thie vest because of the brand and color . It is good quality and stylish . Shipping was fast . I 'm happy , happy , happy !
 Fits just right , material is a nice weight . very warm . Columbia products are always nice . ca n't go wrong with this vest .
 Vest is a nice weight , not too heavy or too lightweight . Great over a long sleeve t-shirt or henley . The charcoal color is really nice . It holds up well through repeated washings . He got this vest last year for Christmas and recently lost it but he loves it so much he asked for a replacement . So if your husband is forgetful like mine you might want to get two . : -RRB-
 One of the better purchases I 've made , in terms of satisfaction and value.The product is well-made and durable , which you come to expect from Columbia . It can be had for a good price and should last for a long time . Fits true to size , zipper works fine , and it does its job
 I purchased this vest for my husband . He finds them to be warm yet keeps his arms free at work . This Columbia vest is very nice and thick . Very nicely made and of good quality .
 Bought this for my husband , and he really liked it . The vest is generously cut and well sewn . It 's also very soft and the color is true and pleasing.Just right for those chilly nights when a long sleeved sweater would be `` too much . ''
 Ca n't beat this vest especially for the price ! I have purchased 3 of them !
 My son was very pleased with this vest . I liked the price for a name like Columbia Sportwear . I also liked how fast it was sent to me .
 The vest is comfortable and roomy , though not the very best of materials .
 This was a gift for someone . From what I saw , he was very pleased with it . The item arrived in a very timely manner .
 Purchased two of these for Christmas gifts . Was very impressed with the quality . Would definitely buy again !
 My experience with this Columbia vest made me feel it was spot on for size . The side pockets a bonus for a mid-layer piece . The vest itself let me wanting a little more . The collar is double the weight of the main body of the vest . It is a nice vest but thin for use as a mid-layer . I myself would have preferred if the body was equal to the collar in weight , but for the price I paid I 'd have to say it matches the quality . I guess I expected a little more from Columbia , as I own other products from them that always went beyond my expectations . Guess I 'll just have to be a little creative in my layering to get the best use out of this purchase . The style and color are nice , but I also got the `` bunching '' effect during active use , maybe better as a low activity use item , walking around town and such . It really comes down to what you 'll be using it for , activity level and quality of other layering items .
 Ordered the Large in Green color and was a great value . Quality was excellent as you would expect from Columbia .
 These vests are well made , stylish and fullfill their purpose exceptionally . They provide a little extra warmth at home when the thermostat is set down low to save energy . But being sleveless they do n't make you sweat . The sizes are exactly as specified . I normally wear large in shirts and jackets , and the large vest fits perfectly .
 Warm and made well and comfortable . Husband wears a large but had to order in medium size . He loves it but beware it runs large . Price was great too !
 Bought this at half the price to replace an old Columbia vest in which the zipper fell apart after a year . Wore it 5 days a week for work so I got my monies worth although I paid full price for that one .
 Columbia Men 's Cathedral Peak VestAmple sizing for stout waste . Soft , good feeling fabric with good zippers and warm comfort.Good color and value for a casual look.It can be worn most of the time for a light jacket or coat . Easy to maintain .
 Like the columbia fleece product they are soft . I got the same product from a discount store and it was cheaper even after tax . I have to rate it as 4 because of the product quality .
 This is my second Columbia vest and I really like them . I would recommend this vest to anyone . I like to wear it to work with my dress shirts and ties . Looks sharp .
 I have received this Vest , It is according the picture and it is beautiful , I like the color and I recommend to the people buy this product .
 This vest is the best value in a fleece vest that I 've found , hands down -- for quality , comfort , durability ... I travel constantly and I like the charcoal color because it shows no lint , hair etc. . I lost one of these and replaced it immediately . It 's perfect for layering in cool or cold weather ... but also for that little extra warmth I need in a refrigerated movie theater . -- When I replaced my lost vest I looked at other brands again and was reminded that this Columbia vest is the best thing out there for the money ... by far .
 Columbia gear seems to be priced much lower than other companies like Patagonia and North Face but I feel like the quality of Columbia 's clothes stands up.This vest is exceptionally warm and comfortable .
 The most important factors for me when purchasing a vest were warmth and comfort . This vest is just what I wanted in both categories . It gives me just the right amount of warmth when I go for my morning run without getting too hot once I get warmed up . It 's also comfortable and soft . The pockets have zippers so I can put my keys etc in there and do n't have to worry about them falling out . The only fault I can find is the zippers jingle a bit as I move . Overall I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I got two of these , the blue and the Cattail , which is just brown . They are nice and warm . They look good . They run a little bit big . I got an XL , and I usually wear an XL in everything . I 'm probably right in between a L and an XL . I 'm 6 ' and 240 lbs , if that helps you order yours correctly .
 My son really loves this vest . We ordered two in different colors . It looked very nice on him and he wore it every other day with jeans . A great vest !
 Bought this for my dad for Christmas . He really llikes it . Fits really well and was just as promised and described .
 Perfect fit - this was purchased for an elderly person for indoor wear . It 's not black and it 's not grey - more like graphite . It is very lightweight and keeps him cozy and warm in these cold months .
 We 've been wearing our own Columbia vests for quite some time here in Wisconsin , but it only recently occurred to me that it was just the thing for my 93-year-old dad in Florida , who 's often cold , despite fairly warm temperatures . He loves the vest 's softness and is enjoying having something more youthful and &#34; cool &#34; to wear . I 'm happy to know that it 's easily machine wash and dryable .
 I picked this up to use as a stand-alone or extra layering depending on the temperature . This vest is great - it 's like wearing a soft fleece blanket.It fits easily under all my jackets or sweatshirts . A nice bonus is the zip pockets - they 're great for my phone or warming up my hands very fast .
 What 's to review ? It is fleece , warm , I picked the color and got what I wanted . I did get a better price than I expected.Here is something review-worthy
 This is a good vest and I enjoy the heck out of mine . I actually own two in different colours , since I was given another one several years ago for my birthday . There are already a lot of reviews and opinions here so I will not be too redundant.The vest is Polartec fleece -LRB- 200 mid-weight -RRB- so it keeps the core warm and comfortable down to about 40 degrees F. Any colder and I must go to a higher tech solution . It works wet or dry , and drys pretty quickly if soaked.It 's a cozy piece of gear and I think a perfect gift item for a loved one since they will think of you in the comfort and warmth of it . I actually LIKE that short fuzzy fibres starts to clump and pill like a snuggly , familiar stuffed teddy bear after only a few washings . I often use it as a throw blanket or a pillow -LRB- esp on airline flights -RRB- . It is also very easy to maintain and as I have two , I often have one in the wash as I 'm wearing the other one.I like the roomy sizing as I use this for layering , and this is an intermediate layer . When zipped all the way up , it practically serves as it 's own Polartec scarf around the neck . Being a taller/larger human , I appreciate that this vest is available in extended sizes too.The design of the vest is simple with a stand up/fold down collar , 2 zippered side slash pockets at the waist , and the Columbia logo on the chest.Herein lies , my first minor criticism ... value . For a simple , unlined vest without any `` extras '' -LRB- like chest pocket , map pocket , interior pockets , drawstring at the bottom or the waist , throat abrasion guard , dbl access zipper , uppers shell , back hook loop , even zipper pulls with whistles , compasses and LED lights -RRB- I would expect a basic level price . If you shop around even online you should quickly get a feel for what the no frills model vs. the all the bells and whistles model are comparatively worth.The two pockets that it does have utilizes this elastized sateen material as the interior . Not only is this pocket lining not very warm , but I find that it snags uncomfortably on little dry skin flakes , hangnails , and tiny dry skin spurs on my hands . It might be just me , but it makes it unpleasant to put my hands in the pockets -LRB- for warmth -RRB- . On both of my Columbia vests , I have replaced the pocket liners with nice non-snagging flat mesh -LRB- like that found in luggage pockets -RRB- . Well the world is what you make of it , so of course I have made some heavy mods to my vests , which have made them my favourites and practically daily wear for me.Columbia makes consistently high quality products -LRB- overseas -RRB- geared toward the outdoor person , so paying a little bit extra for the brand name logo is not that painful I guess .
 This vest is very lightweight and extremely comfortable to wear . Most of the time I wear it with short sleeved shirts . When zipped , it 's just right for those 45-50 degree days -LRB- as long as you 're not out in the chill for really long periods - but fine for car-to-store , or short walks -RRB- . It 's also great around the house when you want to drop the thermostat a few degrees to save a little on heating costs . My only disappointment is the main zipper . Sometimes it takes several tries to get it started , and it often sticks mid-zip -LRB- as if there was grit or something in it -RRB- . It always ends up working , but not always smoothly . I 'd definitely recommend the vest , and I suspect my zipper issue is not a design flaw , but rather a production glitch , which would not likely affect other buyers .
 I have purchased Columbia products I have liked in the past . So this was not a difficult choice form me . It is sized correctly for the big guys . I ordered a xxlt and it fits just the way it should . I nice way to add a bit of extra warmth under a jacket that need a little help . Good price and a quality product that was shipped fast .
 Ca n't beat the price , but the vest is larger than I thought a large would be - should 've got a medium .
 This Columbia vest is a quality product and is equipped with a durable zipper , style and feel .
 I like Columbia garments for myself . So I bought one for My Dad for Christmas . It fits well in the XL and is nicely made.Washable too !!
 Quick service , good price and no complaints after wearing this for a month . Considering ordering another in a different color .
 Great vest for cool sunny days . Vest is a little on the thin side . It looks great and feels great . The only problem occurs is that it lets wind in and out very easily . I would recommend this to a friend , but do n't look for a whole lot of warmth from it .
 Awesome vest . Better than expected , well packed and arrived quickly ! I give it 2 thumbs up and my highest recommendation !
 A gift for my Grandson , quality and craftsmanship excellent , could not ask for a better product , or reliability . Thank you for a great fitting product , my Grandson absolutely loves it .
 I gave my husband this for Christmas and he is pleased , so I am too . Looks good , is comfortable . Have only had it less than 1 week .
 Honestly do n't know what 's all the hype about the North Face is . The good old Columbia looks great , feels comfortable and is well made . Navy color is very pleasant to the eye . I am very happy with the vest .
 My husband absolutely loved his vest I got him . We have even bought these in different colors . We would recommend this to anyone looking for a vest to wear as a casual attire or even a dressy attire .
 Wonderful vest at retail price , the Amazon has outdone itself.For $ 12 + tax , it seems like a steal to me.The material is very soft and of good craftmanship.thank you , Amazon and Columbia
 This product is a good value . Nothing spectacular , but a good deal . I use it as a good layer for skiing to provide warmth for my core without restricting shoulder and elbow movement . It more than adequately provides what I need .
 Every piece of Columbia clothing that I own is top quality and this is no different . It 's a lightweight , and yet warm vest perfect for those crisp fall days .
 Not a whole lot to say other than it 's well built , the fabric is very comfortable and strong feeling and the vest looks great . I 'd buy it again if I had the need .
 this is a very nice vest . looks good on and fabric is great . color stays true when washed as well
 Good light weight Vest.Material soft and flexible.Deep pockets . The fit was great . I wear mine in the office . I would recommend .
 This vest is similar to my Columbia Fleece jacket -- both are excellent and perform very well , especially at this price point . Fast delivery too .
 Was just what i was looking for . Brand new with tags and shipped very quickly . My husband loves it . Color looks exactly same as shown in the pic as well .
 Fleece is fleece , but this vest is surprisingly well put-together . The only thing is it missing is a third pocket -LRB- the small vertical one near the left center that most other vests have -RRB- .
 I was very satisfied with the vest . I would get a size smaller than your usual size , they run big .
 Works for what I wanted . Something to wear while walking in cooler temps , where I did n't want a full coat .
 This product was first class -LRB- not a second -RRB- and was as ordered and on time . Ca n't get any better than that .
 This vest is soft yet rugged , true to size and just right for my son for Christmas .
 It 's hard for me to find some shirt with right size sleeve and collar . But that would be a problem for a vest , :-RRB- . I do n't like the zippers on the pockets , i never put any stuff in the pockets . Overall , this is a good vest for me , I wish it a little bit warmer .
 Columbia sizes are really big so just be a little conservative in ordering for sizes . Buy is for less than 20 bucks for getting value .
 I was satified with the product my only concern is that the color was off black insteadof black .
 very nice vest . light yet warm enough and not too hot during warmer days . the run a little big , I ordered a Large and had to exchange it for a M and I run on the larger side ... in all great buy I would recommend to a friend hands down ...
 I lost a vest that I previously owned , so I was looking for one to replace it . I am very satisfied with the fit and color of the one I purchased .
 Not the first vest of this type from Columbia that I 've purchased . Exactly what I wanted , soft , light weight but provides the warmth I want . Seems easy to mantian , wears good over time , easy to fold and carry if not needed . Satisfied .
 Have several different brands . . this is the best value of all ... fits great quality stitching and best price of all seen
 Extremely pleased with this purchase . After having ordered the wrong color by mistake , i quickly ordered again . Came exactly as described and within given time . No disappointments here !
 The vest is great -- second one I 've purchased ; however , the zipper , as the vest ages , has a tendency to pull apart at the bottom . The reason is the very short insert piece . Increase the depth of the insert and this vest would rate 5 stars . I bought my first vest at Mervins and when they went out of business I never found this make of vest again until I checked Amazon.com -- a great source and great products .
 I bought this vest for a casual look around the office and not at all disappointed . The sizing is about average , the look is great , and as it is Columbia , the material is of good quality . It will keep one warm in the winter months .
 This was a Christmas gift for my husband that he actually loved . Thanks for a great buy . Will be back !
 I 've had this vest for about a month now & I really do enjoy it.I 've had similar vests in the past , but I needed something newer to wear around the office and under my winter coat when a sweater or hoody just does n't work.The vest is very soft & does n't get caught on much . I bought the dark grey hoping that it would `` hide '' my dogs hair unlike the black vest . And it does . I have a beagle , and I can barely notice when -LRB- a few/decent amount -RRB- of his white & black hairs get on it . Some fleece seems to attract dog hair & never let go - this does NOT.The only negative I have about this vest , as others noted , is that there is n't a pull string around the waist . This has n't really bothered me , but I would like to tighten it up just a little bit.I work outdoors so this is perfect for helping me layer up but allowing me something to wear that wo n't bulk up & slow down my arm movement which happens if you wear too many sweaters or hoody 's . I plan on buying another in a few months so I do n't wear this one out too much . Awesome price too . I checked a couple of stores online and no one had the same price as Amazon .
 I just want to say that is the best way to keep you warm , high quality product and very comfortable .
 Been looking for this hat for a while , and finally found it online . We live in Maryland , so Sox stuff is hard to find . Great fit , and great price !
 This produc5t works as advertised . A little bit of documentation to show how to use it would be nice . Glad that I had the service manual for my snowmobile to get that information from .
 I am a lifelong Yankees fan . This is a greta quality hat . I had my first for many years before it needed to be replaced .
 Great Quality Product ! Authentic and Great Colors ! Shirt was larger than expected though . I ordered a Large and it was unnecessarily wide . I wish I would have knew or I would have ordered a Medium . So you might want to try a size smaller than you usually buy unless you are a wide person or have worn Puma Brand Shirts before . But it 's definitely a nice shirt !
 Great service and was quick arriving to our APO address . The shirt is great just the colors are reverse of what we thought we bought !
 I 'm a runner and a biker , but when I decided to do a triathlon , I discovered that I had an unexpected fashion crisis . Women 's triathlon clothing is pretty difficult to find in stores - even specialty running/biking stores . Selections are small and sizes can be hard to find.First , a warning for other first-time female triathloners . Triathlon clothing for women shoots for a tight fit , and it can run very small . If you are n't a size 0-4 , you 're going to have some trouble finding a flattering fit . I 've also discovered a surprising number of tri tops have either bad or no support for breasts . Since I 'm 5 ' 4 '' , a size 8 , and 36C , I had a depressing time squeezing into XL tops that fit like sausage casings -LRB- TYR , I 'm looking at you -RRB- or tops/suits that fit okay but offered no support for the run . I began to despair that I would find anything to wear for my tri.Sugoi to the rescue ! I was thrilled when my Rave Sugoi Fizz Tank arrived in the mail . It 's made from extremely comfortable , soft , and breathable materials . The built in bra offers actual support . It 's got a great pocket big enough for a gel -LRB- or two -RRB- or a bar . It 's also slimming , as the white detail shows off the waist . Although I 'd heard from reviewers that it 's fit was rather short on taller women , the length on the XL size fit shorter me perfectly . Not only will I do my triathlon comfortably in this top , I 'm going to run in during the hot summer months . I was really nervous about ordering a top online after all the trouble I had with fit in the stores , but I 'm so glad I did !
 I bought this shirt and order a size up based on the previous review - small instead of XS . To me , it does n't seem to run small . In fact I ca n't use it for my triathlon as it is too loose and will create drag . Plus the material does n't seem like it will be great in the water - not what I was expecting.On the plus side , I only paid $ 20 instead of $ 40 - $ 50 and it is a very nice workout shirt . I 'm happy with the purchase , but now know it might be best to buy in person from now on so I can try it on , get the right size , and know that I 'm getting exactly what I want .
 The hat is an authentic Reebok product . It is exactly what they said it would be . The price is good , but you may be able to find it cheaper if you are willing to shop around town . The shipping was fast and reasonable .
 Very well built bucktail . I have a few of these in various colors and sizes . Excellent for Pike , Muskies and stripers
 Great Quality Product ! Authentic and Great Colors ! Shirt was larger than expected though . I ordered a Large and it was unnecessarily wide . I wish I would have knew or I would have ordered a Medium . So you might want to try a size smaller than you usually buy unless you are a wide person or have worn Puma Brand Shirts before . But it 's definitely a nice shirt !
 Great service and was quick arriving to our APO address . The shirt is great just the colors are reverse of what we thought we bought !
 The knife that I purchased is exactly what I expected and wanted . I am using it as a careving knife . It holds an edge well and is useful for what I am doing .
 Just like the one he had has a kid . He said it looked and felt just like the one he carried from the time he was 7 till he was 12 and then it was lost somehow . Thank you
 This is a Imperial Knife that is distributed by Schrade . It looks like people are getting this knife confused with the Uncle Henry Schrade that is a LOT BETTER QUALITY of a knife . Compared with the American Made Imperial this is actually a better quality knife . Although they are very much the same and have not changed much in the last 50 years or longer . Imperials do hold their value well . Barlows have been very popular for a very long time .
 This knife is great . It has great quality , and keeps a blade . It is at a great price . It lasts for years . I personally love this knife . But once it closed on my finger but I was fine , just be careful .
 The shorts is good . I used it for working out and to play tennis . Keeps you dry for and cool .
 I absolutely love these shorts ! The fit is perfect , the material is light and airy . Excellent for a casual runner , playing tennis -LRB- deep pockets -RRB- and even basketball . Wear these shorts and most other shorts will feel heavy and uncomfortable and you 'll only want these.Adidas should sell these shorts forever .
 I needed some shorts for tennis , and these work great . They are just the right length , do not interfere with my movements , have deep pockets for tennis balls and they were way less expensive than dedicated adidas tennis shorts .
 These shorts are mostly used for tennis . They 're really light , comfortable , and very cheap for the product . Definitely a good buy .
 I bought these for my husband . He loved them . He told me to buy him two more pairs same color because he liked them so much . He likes to do 4-5 miles running in them 2 or 3 times a week .
 very light weight and nice for running . pockets are nice for walking around . Overall very pleased .
 Pros
 Not a must buy but a perfect value buy . Get your pellets and CO2 at Wally World for the best prices.Bought 2 of these because I know the friends will be over and will want to play .
 Very nice product at an affordable price . Very powerful and accurate love this air gun ! Highly recommended at 60 bucks you ca n't beat it !
 A major concern was how much trigger pressure it would take to fire a shot . I was relieved to find out that it does n't take much pressure at all . I love this pistol . It 's a .22 caliber , single shot , bolt-action , 460 feet-per-second pellet pistol . The adjustable rear sight makes it easy to adjust the aim so that the shots on target are accurate . In my other pellet pistol , I would keep a fresh CO2 powerlet in the pistol , but not screwed in tightly enough to puncture it . I would finish screwing it in when I was ready to start firing it . In this pellet pistol , no matter how lightly I screwed in the CO2 powerlet it would puncture the powerlet and the gas would start leaking out ; so , when replacing the powerlet it has to be screwed all the way in whether you 're going to start firing it or not -- or keep the new powerlet out of the pistol until you 're ready to start firing it .
 Finally , a Crosman that lives up to the name . It shoots and shoots HARD.Blah blah blah to get to 20 words . :-RRB- ~ THIS is a worthy product .
 The rear sights are limited to adjusting . It shoots slightly to the right with the max adjustment . other wise it is a good pistol .
 This is one of the best pellet pistols I 've added so far . It holds up good for the first 30 shots . After that I either stop and change the CO2 for a new one or unload for the day . I do n't wast pellets on CO2s that are losing power . I like the idea that I can buy parts and upgraid this pistol . I never had to touch the sights on this gun . Mine came good to go right out of the box . With this one you can surly hit what your pointing at . This pistol dose feel good in hand . If your not in a big hurry to shoot as many pellets as you can in the blink of an eye than you 'll enjoy this pistol . It being a .22 cal gives you a bit more punch for your buck than the .177 s. I have a couple pistols in .177 cal and I like them both but this is the best one of the three that I have bought to date . I 've stopped buying now to save up for a really strong pellet pistol .
 I had one already -LRB- over ten years old -RRB- so I already knew about it 's accuracy and I wanted another CO2 pellet gun to train my daughter -LRB- 6 -RRB- . I looked at every pellet gun on Amazon and the 2240 had all the features I wanted . I needed a single shot bolt action -LRB- new shooter safety -RRB- I needed a platform that I could modify to the purpose -LRB- 10 meter training open sight -RRB- . I wanted a platform that was fully supported with a range of upgrades I could implement as my little Olympic Shooter improved . Out of the box the gun needs some love . Apparently Crosman has dialed down their quality control a few notches . The barrel had no crown ! Just lopped off with a rough sanding then dumped into the bluing ... sad really ... because what sets this gun apart is it 's potential for extreme accuracy -LRB- with a properly manufactured barrel -RRB- . Out of the box the trigger feels sloppy and gritty and the cocking action is stiff and gritty . This is when it helps to like tinkering ... all you need to do is some amateur gunsmithing ... polish and deburr ... clean an lube ... and the action can be dialed in to feel like a real gun , And of course there is the fun of actually shooting it ... and if you are a marksman you will be very disappointed if you receive a barrel with no crown that is incapable of tight groups . The barrel on my old 2240 was vastly superior ... shooting the guns side by side ti became clear my little markswoman would be receiving my older more accurate gun so she could actually learn how to group her shots . I decided to take the new 2240 and upgrade it . First improvement a 14.5
 This is my first CO2 weapon . Excellent power and accuracy . I get probably 40 shots per cartridge . The price was great and delivery was quick . A + + + transaction !
 I just got this today and I shot just over 300 pellets and 4 CO2 cartridges through it . So around 75 shots per ea . The last 10 were weak . At first my shooting was a little off target but always pretty much in the same place . I adjusted the rear sight but it still was off and the sight was already pretty maxed out . So I had to find out what was wrong . Previously reading all the positive reviews I knew it was just something stupid . After looking the gun over carefully I noticed the barrel was rotated a little to the left . I loosened the allen set screws -LRB- 1 top + 1 Bottom -RRB- and turned it slowly until it looked straight . The top one that held the barrel does n't adjust , but the bottom one does . I went back to my pellet trap and wow ! Shot after shot all within and inch or so of each other and a lot through the same holes ... . I 'm Sold . I started drawing circles on the used targets because I was shooting in such a small area I felt bad to waste them . The only thing that I would improve is the plastic grips . They work fine but I like the feel of wood better so I will be on the hunt for a pair . Do n't be afraid of buying this gun . It 's a very good pellet pistol at a very good price . Go on , take a shot ... It 's been a little over a week now and the gun is very impressive ! Shoots great , lots and lots of fun . Does not like GAMO Master Point pellets . They do n't fit well at all . The Crosman Copperheads work excellent ... 1300 plus shots so far !
 It has no contenders in it 's price range . I initially bought a Crosman 1377 , which is also dead on accurate , but got tired of pinching my fingers when ever pumping it , so I decided to get the CO2 version . I easily get 33 powerful shots , and another 11-12 before accuracy starts getting affected . Reminds me a little of my ruger mark III . The aftermarket support is amazing , too . A plethora of different barrels , receivers , grips , triggers and so on . Just search Crosman 2240 and you wo n't believe your eyes at the masterpieces that emerge out of this . Needless to say , I 'm very satisfied .
 The Crosman 2240 is an excellent value for the money
 Not having a lot of familiarity with CO2 guns , I was apprehensive in buying the 2240 . Bottom line
 Marketed in the UK as the Ratbuster , the Crosman 2240 is lethal on pests.This is what I have used for pest control . It does the job nicely . It is accurate , small , and requires no pumping or cocking to alert the pest that you are preparing to shoot it . I leave it cocked and locked for weeks or months at a time . When I take it out of it 's box and take off the safety , it 's ready to go.I like the looks of this gun . It looks like an airgun!The airgun modding community seems to really like this gun . I think that because of this , Crosman ships it with a few things that do n't match the overall quality of the gun . I suspect that Crosman leaves room for improvement so that people will gladly upgrade these parts.First
 I have just added a 2240 to my collection already consisting of an Auto-Air II , 1377 and a 1322 . This thing is very , very awesome and at the top of the list on desirability.First off , I am a lefty and their `` new '' bolt -LRB- differing from the early 1377 breech slide -RRB- is very convenient for me . With my right hand , I can pull the bolt back , insert a pellet and re-fire , without ever having taken the gun from my left hand . Very comfortable!I shoot in my basement and the gun sounds like a firearm . If you want a quiet pistol , this is n't for you . This produces a deep , satisfying boom with a fresh CO2.The pistol is accurate and simple . It produces a slight amount of recoil and has a very nice trigger -LRB- for an OEM , non-match trigger , that is -RRB- . If anyone knows the differences between this $ 56 2240 and the $ 130 + 2300 , please let me know.I understand the corporation 's desire to keep costs down and mount these atrocious plastic grips , but a nice set of wood ones would round this pistol out very well . I know you can buy them third-party , but I think I 'll try making some myself first .
 Very nice . Heft and feel of a firearm for a 10th of the price . More fun and frequent use than one as well . Considering you can shoot out the back door from your easy chair without bothering the neighbors or your ears . I was so impressed with my $ 56 purchase that I went to the Crosman website and ordered a .177 custom target pistol -LRB- same gun just a little jazzier -RRB- from their custom pistol shop . Did n't realize there was such a following for this basic little backyard fun gun.Check out the Cobra Venom on the Cobra website . They have a spectacularly modded 2240 with a 10shot magazine which is probably the next step up . The Amazon price as usual was 20 % percent cheaper than the factory by the way .
 You will see more expensive air guns but this one hits the bullseye . Crosman sells the excellent 2300 series in .177 cal . This is a more basic model in .22 cal.I adjusted the sights and was placing 1.25 inch groups at 25 feet . At times it would blow through the same hole and enlarge it slightly . If you are a better shot , the gun will do better . I rested my hand on a bench and it did this well -- very impressive . I used the only flat nose pellet I could find on Amazon -LRB- GAMO brand -RRB- . The GAMO pellets require a bit of pressure on the bolt to load in the chamber.I purchased some Crosman .22 cal . hollow point pellets and they load much easier , and are very accurate.One other trick . Remove the left side grip . Pull out the S bend coil trigger spring and carefully , and slowly -LRB- wear safety glasses -RRB- compress the spring with a c-clamp or vise . Use common sense , you are not trying to crush it , but compress it so that it has less pressure . You will be rewarded with an easier trigger . Mine is less than 3 pounds - amazing what this and a little gun oil will do . Do n't forget CO2 and pellgun oil -LRB- place a drop on the small end of the CO2 cartridge before installing it - will save your seal in gun -RRB- . This is an adult pistol . Be safe and have fun !
 I recieved this and was instantly impressed staight out of the box ... the weight , the feel , the handling was great ... the grandkids love it ... grandson is 10 and granddaughter is 17 yrs old , and both handle it fine ... this is a powerfull little plinker so , `` PLEASE '' , supervise the young ones ... as a former law enforcement officer , I 'm a real stickler on the safety aspect ... I can honestly recommend the 2240 ... Thanks , and , `` SAFE SHOOTING TO ALL ''
 This pistol feels good in the hand , good balence , looks , but most importantly , shoots very good . the best buy in an airgun - period . Amazing power for an air pistol . Very accurate , and if you want more , a lot of mod 's out there . You can spend more but this one IS THE BEST .
 Bought this to use while my 50 year old Benjamin pistol gets a rebuild . Great shooting pistol out of the box ! Had to sight it in but after that it 'll hold a 3/4 inch group at 10 yards till the gas pressure dwindles . I was going to keep this stock but it 's too much fun to leave alone.If you want an inexpensive pistol that shoots better than you do , buy it !
 Great target shooter , lots of fun , easy to use even for my kids , and I 've had no problems . I would recommend this pistol to any family wanting to have fun with their kids .
 This is such a fun pellet pistol to modify , with a Crosman or CB steel breech , RB wood grips , barrel brakes , custom bolts , Williams sights , etc. that the configurations are endless . Buy it and have fun ! But Safety First ! This is not a toy !!
 Great gun ! Pretty accurate -LRB- up to 40 yards -RRB- out of the box . may need to adjust the sights though . very powerful and loud .
 Awesome pellet gun , easy to use and it 's very accurate . The reviews were very very good and there are lots of ways to customize them . Also , it is very easy to get parts for . By my count it gets 50 shots per co2 tank which I think is very good . Awesome pellet gun for the money .
 I swore last time I bought a single shot pistol I would never buy another one . Guess what ? I did . It sure would be nice if Crosman could somehow design one of these that had a tube of let 's say 30 pellets , to spring load every time you pull back the bolt.Also , Crosman , somewhere in your advertising , it would be nice if you strongly suggested to prospective buyers , that they also buy a tube of gun lubricant and use it regularly . I found out , by experience , that the lubricant is very , very important to use regularly , if you expect your gun to last a decent length of time . In actual fact , one of two old CO2 pistols I can actually now use again , because I used lubricant liberally on every spot I could think of . It had never been lubed , by the way . Yup ! Stupid me , huh ? But , if no one ever tells you to ...
 Good gun it is accurate but only a single shot makes reloading is a little slow but I still would recommend
 This is a very accurate gun for the money . Well balance and easy to use . There is no downside to this item
 I chose this rating because even though it does n't have a whole lot of firepower it has room for customization .
 Got this Pistol yesterday and it 's great for the price . Took about 10 shots to get it zeroed in at about 20 feet to nickle size . I also have the Crosman pump up .177 pellet pistol and it 's hard to pump up . I noticed the handle grips looked very familar so I took the rifle stock off the pump up and they fit the CO2 Pistol perfect . Makes it a lot easier to hold it steady . Overall a very accurate pistol and good deal . I highly recomend it ... ;o-RRB- *****
 HI THIS IS A `` HIT THE TARGET '' OUT OF THE PACKAGE . IF YOU WANT TO PLINK , THIS SHOULD BE YOUR CHOICE .
 A very strong .22 caliber piece , especially for the cost -LRB- $ 50.59 in my case -RRB- . I 've had other Crosman guns and this one lives up to the Crosman standard . The bolt-action is nice . I have not measured the FPS but it seems to be about as advertised . It feels good to shoot , it 's very accurate , and with the same exact powerlet this Crosman 2240 definitely packs more power than either my Tanfoglio 1911 Colt and even my Daisy Powerline 008 , and both of those are .177 caliber guns for around the same price . This is a much different gun in both aesthetics and function as they are both pure c02 repeaters and the 2240 is a single shot bolt action . The 2240 looks and feels great . More comparable is the Crosman 1377 , which can be considered the .177 caliber version . I would definitely choose this gun over the Crosman 1377 , which is in the same price range . The 1377 requires pump action instead of bolt action , and it is only .177 caliber . Overall , not just for the price alone but for the quality as well , the 2240 is a great single shot air pistol and I highly recommend it .
 Before I begin I 'd like to again say `` Thank you Amazon for the Great Price and Speedy Free Shipping . Of the 6 Air Pistols I own , this one is my second favorite yet one of the cheapest air pistols that I own . It is also the hardest hitting of all of my air pistols . Biggest complain is that the front Blade sight is not fixed and if bumped will move . I will order an aluminum front sight for this gun and that will fix the blade sight problem . It took me a bit to get it sighted in , but once I did I was able to shoot a 3/4 inch group at 18 feet using the peep sight . I was only able to get one shot thru the chronograph before the chrony quit working but that shot was over 417fps using a 15.4 grain pellet . That is the hardest hitting of all of my air pistols . I noticed that in all of the pictures of this pistol , it has a Brass colored trigger , but mine is black . Oh well . I 'll probobly get a new trigger shoe too when I order the new front sight . I was going to order a steel breech for it to mount a new sight but I have decided that I do n't need it . The gun is as accurate as it could possibly be using the peep sight . This pistol has a lot of metal parts to it and the weight makes it feel like a real gun . I do n't think that you can but a better gun for the money .
 First of all I would like to congratulate Crosman for there level of excellence in producing air guns for decades.The Crosman 2240 has to be one of the most accurate air pistols I have ever held in my hands . The craftsmanship is always been a high standard Crosman . This gun feels good in your hands , and is a pleasure to shoot . For the money you cant beat the 2240 ; The 2240 far out weighs the value that you will get from purchasing this gun . I recommend it for beginners and for shooters who want to hone their skills in the back yard or basement.A super gun , now time to take it to another level by modification !
 I purchased this item after many of hours of reading reviews and opinions on-line . It was worth the effort as I find this gun to be all that it was reported to be andthe price was affordable . I did n't care for the front sight being black as it seemedrather difficult to line-up with the black rear sight . I was able to correct this witha dab of nail polish on the back side of the front blade sight . No other complaints .
 Length :
 This is a neat little dinger . It is lightweight durable , and friggin ' accurate . The fact that you can use this for anything from Plinking to Hunting combined with the fact that there are hundreds of aftermarket modifications makes this a no brainer buy . For $ 56 You should be asking yourself why NOT buy this ? It 's a great addition to my collection and a good start with Crosman .
 Just received this gun from my wife for Christmas ! What a fun little gun ! Very accurate right out of the box ! Nice tight group ! With some adjustment on the rear sight , this gun is AWESOME ! The price is good as well comparing with other air gun sites.The best part of this gun is there are tons of aftermarket parts . Fun ! Fun ! I went through the first CO2 cartridge with about 50 rounds or so . I was shooting with Gamo 15.4 gram pellets -LRB- I think -RRB- . Wife also got me the pellet gun oil and a can of 250 round pellets . They work great , but the prices of those are n't as good as other sites . The same oil is more than double comparing with other places . So , shop around!Overall , this gun is fun ! Safe shooting !
 The Crosman 2240 is the Gold Standard in .22 Co2 pistols . I 'm a dedicated air gunner and have either tried most other A/G pistols or owned them , I 'm a older guy . Only the Crosman 1377c pneumatic in .177 -LRB- now also in .22 -RRB- which I also own , can compare for value or ownership . I have a `` Patio Range '' and shoot at 10m from a bench rest with sand bags with accuracy my priority , the 2240 delivers for me quarter size groups with a BSA red/dot shooting Crosman H/P 's ,7.9 gr . I 'm satisfied with that , and I can get them at Walmart cheap . a scope would tighten up the group . I also get 50 + shots per cylinder . The one downside to this pistol is that its slow , no action shooting here . I 've modified mine with a Crosman steel breech and Crosman cut down 12 '' barrel , the after market accessories seem to be endless for this gun . The stock rear sight is funky but works just fine in standard trim . I even like the grips , these guns are very easy pistols to work on , think kitchen table . The Co2 starts losing power below 60 dg F , so its a warm weather gun . My gun holds Co2 very well , -LRB- months -RRB- I really have no complaints , be sure you add a drop of pellgun oil to the tip of the Co2 cylinder and the 2240 will last a very long time , mine is 7 yrs . old and still going strong . Every part has a number and stock parts are dirt cheap if ever needed . I 'll probably buy another one and leave it stock so I can use a holster for my woods `` walk around '' gun . My gun hits very hard , it will blow thru starlings at my bird feeder range -LRB- 30 ' -RRB- and its not to noisy , it saves money from traveling to and from firearm ranges . I find the cost of shooting this pistol about the same as a .22 rim-fire -LRB- bulk -RRB- when everything is considered , pellets & Co2 . My home range has much better amenities than ANY firearm range , and I get to shoot in my own back yard , whats not to like ? . this pistol is made in the USA , and I highly recommend it . The 1322 pneumatic in carbine form is a fine cold weather gun .
 I was looking for accuracy and received it with the 2240 . I have owned for the past several years the Crosman 22 cal single shot bolt action CO2 powered rifle which is very accurate and the 2240 pistol has a simular action . It was better than I had expected .
 crosman 2240 is the best pellet gun for the price.lots of upgrades can be done to make this a even better shooter.i installed the steel breech/14 '' barrel/backpacker stock and red dot sight.very accurate and decent power.just get it you will like it .
 As many people 's introduction to the world of airgunning , the Crosman 2240 represents a solid value today as it has since its introduction in 1998 . Well made in America by Americans from American material , this product stands out in the vast inventory of products made overseas.This is a solid pistol , made mostly of metal . It is very simple to operate -LRB- especially if you FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS -RRB- and extremely accurate . It is more than capable of knocking over row after row of pop cans at 10 meters -LRB- 33ft . -RRB- and is powerful enough to function as a pest controller within that distance on vermin such as starlings , pigeons , mice and rats.It is single-shot and also has a manual safety , has no recoil and does n't make much noise . It does not require pumping . As such it is ideal for teaching kids basic firearms handling , usage and safety . It also is hard for adults to put down.It accepts standard 12-gram Co2 powerlets -LRB- each good for up to 30-35 powerful shots -RRB- and Crosman Premier 14.3 gr . pellets are a perfect match for this gun . Both are also available through Amazon.com as well as Walmart and most sporting goods stores . Remember that this is a CO2 powered arm and that velocities fall off once the ambient air temperature falls below 70 degrees Fahrenheit . It will not perform very well outdoors in winter temperatures.Right out of its bubble packaging , it is great big cheap fun HOWEVER you will soon discover that this is also the basic Crosman system upon which thousands of enthusiasts perform endless modifications to regulate power , convert to HPA -LRB- High Pressure Air -RRB- or bulk Co2 , or just make look very very awesome . There are literally dozens of companies offering everything from modification parts and systems to full-custom guns.Whether you purchase this pistol as the beginning of a fascinating and addictive hobby , to teach your youngster how to safely handle firearms , pest control in the barn that wo n't freak out the cows or simply provide hours of inexpensive plinking fun for yourself and/or your family and friends , $ 50 -LRB- or $ 56 at its price today , DELIVERED -RRB- is $ $ well spent .
 Very easy to shoot , easy to grip and load.Repeatable performance.We bought this for grandma to shoot varmints , and it 's been good for that.The bolt action is traditional and easy to manipulate , the power is acceptable and the accuracy is suprisingly good.This is a good quality air pistol .
 You ca n't go wrong with this pistol . . What a good quality pistol for a CO2 . . It 's accurate and lots of fun . . Great for target shooting . . And no one had a better price than Amazon .
 this is a great gun out of the box i modded mine custom valve , 14.5 inch barrel , the 1399 stock turning it into a great carbine it ` s firing at 686 fps now can put 10 shots in a circle the size of a quarter at 30 yards and it hits hard can take out a pest no problems great gun for the money and greater yet with a few mods
 I 've used the Crosman 2240 single shot Bolt Action CO2 Pistol for about a month now . I shoot at targets about 30 feet away and am very pleased with it 's performance . It is a well designed , well thought out , well manufactured piece . It shoots a .22 Cal pellet and I am more than pleased with it . I especially like the fact that it is not trying to be or look like anything other than an airgun and because of that it is a superb airgun.I enjoy this pistol on so many levels I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys target shooting and occasional vermin control .
 I purchased this gun on Amazo.com I was impressed with the looks of this gun from the start and it 's light weight and good balance . The trigger was a little heavy so I removed the spring and instead of cutting it I simply squeesed it shut in my vice grip pliers put it in a bag when you do this so if the spring gets away you wo n't lose it.this reduces the length and you can then stretch it back a little at a time until you get the perfect length . This reduced the pull to an acceptable level.Then I polished the sear engaguement surfaces with my dremel tool buffing wheeland and Flitz metal polish . I also made a trigger overtravel stop by drilling the trigger guard and tapping the hole and installing a small screw and while pulling the trigger -LRB- unloaded gun -RRB- while backing off the screw until the gun dry fired then 1/2 turn more I staked it with a small punch cut it off flush with the trigger guard and filed it smooth with a needle file and painted it semi gloss black looks like it was installed by a pro . Trigger is now light and crisp with no movement . gun is far more accurate I also painted the front sight blade white its easier to see well now . Gun is powerful and accurate enough for pests and rabbit sized game . I love this gun it 's a great value for the money more accurate than I can shoot it . . Buy it you wo n't be sorry .
 The operation of the 2240 has always been excellent and reliable . I have had one for about four years and have never had a malfunction . I highly recommend it for inhouse -LRB- garage -RRB- practice . Accuracy is also amazing . I now own two of them .
 Great gun for the price . Several upgrades and custom mods . are available from CROSMAN and other aftermarket suppliers which can turn this entry level shooter into an outstanding custom gun . They are modular and rather easy for a home rebuilder to work on and accurize . Did I say FUN too?PC
 This little pistol is dead-on accurate and a tremendous value . I chronographed it with Crosman Premier 14.3 grain pellets and 10 shots averaged a little over 470 fps . That is 10 fps better than advertised . Also , it held maximum velocity through shot # 35 . There are hundreds of aftermarket parts so you can really build your own custom version . This gun has a sort of cult following of people that spend hundreds of dollars boosting performance and making it a work of art . I have already added custom grips , a high performance valve , aluminum breech , wire stock ... However , you do not have to customize this little pistol to do some great target shooting or rid your yard of pests . It delivers right out of the box .
 I did a lot of research before I bought my first CO2 pistol and it was worth the effort . Go ahead and buy the dovetail mount when you order .
 Nice gun right outta the box.Like so many other people who have bought one of these , It is a nice gun that feels good in your hand . The gun can be modified in several ways too . Handle grips can be made of a nice wood . There are guys who make these on the web , check them out . Do some researching if you want to go that far . It has good power right outta the box . Sights are great too . If you do need to sight it in , you 'll need a small screwdriver or a smalll allen wrench . Easy . And , e a s y when you are unscrewing the screws too , be careful and gentle with it . There are guys who sell replacement screws too on the net . You 'll have a good time , and be respectful with it too .
 Do n't understand negative review . This is an excellent air pistol . I only use it outside , but I handle it with care as it is a pistol . I normally get 70-85 shots per co2 cartridge . Great pistol , very accurate , very powerful for the price . You can spend $ 300 or more an get maybe 350fps out of .177 pellet -LRB- for a `` pro-target '' pistol -RRB- . This baby will give you at least 450fps with .22 pellets -LRB- accuracy up to you -RRB- . If you are shooting bb 's then you probably would not use as much co2 . Maybe the power and .22 cause more usage of co2 . I guess it all depends on what you are looking for .
 Pros
 I was very impressed with the quality of this Co2 pistol . Right out of the box accuracy was excellent . In my initial shooting session I was putting 10 shots in a ragged hole from a sandbag rest at 10 meters . The bolt cycled smoothly and locked up tight . The only minus was that the trigger had more creep than I like , but this may work itself out as the pistol breaks in.As I was doing research on this pistol before purchase it became apparent that there is somewhat of a cult following for this Co2 . There are many aftermarket modifications available and it can be upgraded to the extreme.At $ -LSB- ... -RSB- including shipping the 2240 ca n't be beat you are getting a lot for what you are paying . Highly recommended .
 this gun is awesome ... anyone who complains about this gun has no clue about pellet guns ... very easy to load ... very easy to put the co2 in gun ... accurate ... i had an annoying alley cat howling all night ... after i got this gun he stopped howling ...
 It is all that I expected and the best price for the Crosman 2240 . It fits good in the palm of my hand and is comfortable to target practise . Shipping was free and very fast , recieved in 3 days from ordering . I am satisfied customer and have been in the past with Amazon .
 This gun wo n't let you down . I 've had mine for a little over a year now and it still is accurate , powerful , and easy to use . If you are worried about getting a bad deal , you do n't have to be if you just buy this gun .
 i recentley bought this pistol . i brought it to the range and i can tell u that after zeroing in it is very accurate . cheap and fun to shoot .
 I bought this Crosman 2240 CO2 powered pistol because all the mods you can do to it , So far so good .
 Just got the pistol today , very fast even with free shipping.Had a touch of an issue with putting in a CO2 cartridge , thought the cap needed to be screwed down to puncture the seal and release gas . Not so , just finger tight on the cap , then the cocking action of the bolt releases the gas , and pop the cartridge seal I would guess.A bit louder report than I expected , coming from a background of spring air guns , but no big deal . Will have to pay attention to back yard shooting though . Initial groupings were great . Windage adjustment with stock sights is crude , but got it there . Elevation is still 2 '' high at 50 ' , no big deal as long as windage is accurate . At longer range pellet drop should bring it on target.Trigger is atrocious , but expected that . Know there are fixes available.I will certainly upgrade sights and such , but am very pleased so far . A steal for what Amazon sells this for .
 This is a really fun little pellet gun . I am not sure that it is quite as accurate as people make it out to be , although this may be caused by the pellets I am using . Overall it is a great gun for plinking and single shot makes it a great gun for teaching a child to shoot . You know it is empty after they pull the trigger .
 The Pistol arrived in a timely manner and in one piece . I was very surprised how accurate the pistol is . Only tried one brand of pellets and the pistol shot one hole groups with them at 30 ft. I did not expect that good of accuracy out of a $ 56 pistol . The only thing I can suggest to improve the pistol is to replace the plastic parts -LRB- sights , grip , and receiver -RRB- . Then again , the pistol probably cost more than $ 56 . Thanks Amazon .
 Would have paid $ 25 more and rated 5 stars with better sights . The only drawback in what is actually a very good product for the price . Wanted it for small rodent removal - I have to refine the sight system to ensure pinpoint accuracy for humane dispatch before using it for this purpose .
 Well built , solid as a rock , accurate , fun . All words I would use to describe the 2240 . if your reading this you probably kmow enough about this guns history performmance and addons . So I will just say stop reading and go ahead and order it .
 Sights are not the best , but neither are my eyes , so I am putting a red dot on it .
 This is a great gun for target practice . For the price , it 's one of the best on amazon.I would n't recommend buying a cheap red dot or scope . I bought both and ended up using the stock sights.Very nice to customize , but go for the higher quality parts .
 This pistol is quite accurate , perfect for shooting at short to medium distances , and everything on it feels solid . It really feels good in the hand , it has the right size and weight . My biggest complaint would be the noise , but given the muzzle velocity , it is unavoidable in a pistol . At first I was hesitant to have the bolt on the right , but having used it a few times with just the included sights , you get used to it fast .
 I bought this gun 6 years ago ! believe it or not it still works and with no leaks , thanks to the gun oil it kept strong and shoots as hard as when i first got it ! I bought it to take down rats on my chicken coup , but i use it to kill squirrels because its soo powerful and dead accurate ! Love this Gun !!
 I purchased this pellet gun as it was said to be very well built for the money as well as extremely accurate . I needed to handle problems with possums and skunks and so far I has fit the bill perfectly . I did not find the stock sighting system to be adequate for my failing eyes at any distance , and honestly could not hit the side of a barn with it until I added a dovetail mounting system and a red dot scope . I researched all the scopes from about $ 50 down and finally decided to just add the cheap one made by crosman and it has been enough . I can now hit softball size groupings at about 23 yards . At this distance the gun is deadly accurate and has enough power to penetrate 2 sheets of thick cardboard and a sheet of 1/2 drywall used as a backstop , so the gun does have some power . Ca n't beat the price this gun sells for on Amazon , and the gun feels heavy and well made and so far has exceeded my expectations . I especially love the short trigger pull this gun has as I feel it helps with accuracy . It has intreged me to the point I am looking at now upgrading some of its components to make it more powerful and accurate . But in reality a good pair of glasses would probably help more ! You wo n't go wrong with this gun !
 Immediately upon holding the pistol the area between my thumb and forefinger received a `` pinching '' sensation . This was being caused by a slight defect in the left grip where it meets the frame of the gun . A little filing and burnishing solved the problem.The pistol was a snap to prepare for firing , the gas cylinder was a piece of cake to install , the sights were nearly dead accurate and I shot a one inch group of five shots at twenty feet first try . Quite serious on that statement.It has a nice heft and a solid feel . I will modify the grips , probably look into something like a rubber based material . The pistol reminds me of my first Benjamin when I was a teenager some years back . -LRB- The Benjamin was a pump model . -RRB- I have always kept a pellet rifle , or pistol around the house for plinking . However , I developed arthritis in my elbows which made pumping the pellet guns difficult , so I went to the CO2 models . I have tried a few other manufacturers and types prior to this model and they were lacking in one area , or the other . I did a lot of serious reading about the various air guns and felt this Crosman was the best for my needs . At this point I am satisfied . My recent pump pellet rifle is a Crosman and now belongs to my grandson.One big bonus is the fact I can get parts for the 2240 and I can do the modifications and repairs myself . No mystery about how it is built and according to what I have read , there is no problems getting parts.The pistol has a fairly loud report which I like . Nothing worse than a wimpy sounding gun.I would recommend this air pistol to most anyone who is a casual -LRB- or serious -RRB- target shooter .
 for the price you ca n't beat it , shoots straight as an arrow.easy to load , this is not a toy made out of metal not plastic .
 Nice pellet pistol for the price . Accurate right out of the package . Easy to load . Packs a punch with a fresh co2 cartridge . Also purchased some Diablo pellets ; pretty decent knock down power with this pistol . Great gun at a good price !
 Great pistol shoots straight right out of the package . weight is good , feels good in your hand and about 50 shots per co2 cartridge . would recommend to anyone wanting to just do some target shooting .
 The Crosman 2240 is one of the finest pellet pistols ever made . It 's very simple , robust design gives you more customization options that any other pistol on the market . Repeater breeches , extended barrels , hotshot valves , triggers , grips , sights , optics , shrouds and more ; every part on this pistol is replaceable and upgradeable if you so choose . Many 2240s are out there that bear little to no resemblance to the stock photo.Even if you do not choose to upgrade the stock 2240 is a great pistol for plinking , basic marksmanship training and is even powerful enough for small pest control if you desire . It is comfortable to hold in the hand and has an excellent balance . The stock sights are good as well , and the trigger is nice and crisp . It is an absolute joy to shoot and a great practice tool . The .22 ammunition is readily available at big box stores , as are the CO2 cartridges which reliably provide at least 20 shots each even with my upgraded valve.I can not recommend this pistol enough ; for an entry level air pistol this is simply as good as it gets . You will absolutely get more for your dollar purchasing this pistol and upgrading it as you go along , should you choose to do so , than you will with other more expensive models .
 Very accurate for target and small pest . It is well built and there is little I would change about it .
 The set screw on the rear sight was stripped out when I got it ... but I plan on getting a scope anyway !
 Great fit for my 12 year old son . The protection and quality of this helmet is amazing . Would recommend to others !!
 These helmets were used for our youth development program , great fit and the kids love em !!! easy to fit as well ,
 cant go wrong by purchasing a protec helmet to protect the old brain bucket.Great deal , one of hte most comfortable helmets in the market.Fast shipper , would buy again thanks !
 I love my new helmet - fit and color . The guide for size gives a very snug fitting helmet that meets derby requirements for fit .
 I was hit by a car while riding my bike . I was wearing this helmet and it saved my life after I landed on my head . There 's nothing more that I can add to this testimonial .
 My 12 year old likes this helmet but has found that the front of the helmet leaves a little red mark on her forehead . But overall she finds it to be comfortable and protects her head well !
 Got the package exactly as described . Becareful to use the Protec Size Chart because they do run a little small . This one is snug but I think any large would have been to loose .
 more than satisfied with this helmet . comes with extra stickers which i think is really cool . works greats has a nice fit to it great buy and a great price .
 This product protects , is comfortable to wear , is not too warm , and has great value for its cost .
 This helmet is great . I would suggest ordering a siza bigger than you think you should . I accidentally ordered a size larger than I thought and it fit snug
 Long story short , crashed on my longboard going down hill at approximately 25-30 mph , broke a few bones , but this helmet saved my life . Fits well & looks good .
 Purchased this helmet for my son to use when snowboarding.He likes the way it looks and is comfortable during use .
 Item bought for teenager who liked it . Not sure about how safe it is cause she did not fall yet . Fits and well liked so great buy
 Good fit and affordable price for a good quality helmet . Perfect for a safe afternoon bike ride , Thanks for a nice product !
 it came fast and it was made of good material . i love the helmet and it looks pretty good in style .
 These where worn by some special forces back when I was in military . Good for multiple uses . Ca n't beat the price .
 It 's a helmet . A little small -LRB- and I have a small head -RRB- , but it fits very snug and is exactly what I was looking for .
 This was exactly what I wanted and was not able to find here in Kansas City . I have had one of these for several years and this is the best type of helmet I have been able to find . Shipping did not take very long , just a few days during the Christmas rush.Thanks !
 My teenager is resistent to helmets unless its this brand he wears he now everytime he rides or longboards . A little piece if mind for mom
 Excellent price and time to receive it is perfect , product quality exceed expected in picture . Is exactly what my son want .
 I love this helmet . I followed the size guidelines and the fit is right . I like that it does n't look like a typical bike helmet . It is comfortable and easy to adjust .
 I received my Pro Tec Helmet a few minutes ago and I am very pleased . The exterior packaging was great and the helmet comes in a drawer like box which is nice because you can store it easily in a locker or at home . The helmet comes with extra decals , is pictured as above and had the original tags and manual . The fit was perfect . Originally I ordered a medium but it was a touch too snug . If you are not sure based on the sizing chart , I would err on the larger side . My head measures 22 '' and though the medium fit , it would have given me a headache after prolonged wear . The Large is just a little bigger and a very comfortable fit . The helmet also feels very light which is nice . strap is adjustable with a band to secure the slack . I would buy Pro Tec again . Shipping was also very prompt through Amazon fulfillment center . Thanks guys !
 First off , measure your head , do n't just order a Medium because you think you have an average sized head . I assumed I 'd be a Medium , but I measured my head , and the numbers indicated I was a Large . I happened to have read someone else 's review somewhere that said they originally got a Medium , but instead had to return it and get a Large . So I went with those two pieces of evidence and just ordered the Large . It fits like a glove , seriously , it slides on , nice and snug , but does n't hurt at all . I am very sensitive to tight hats , even winter hats that are n't loose enough give me terrible headaches , but this thing is sized so perfectly , it 's no problem.I always wanted a Pro-Tec helmet , since my childhood in the 80s , watching the Bones Brigade all wearing theirs . Now I 'm pushing 40 , and to be a good role model for my daughter , daddy got a helmet too . My daughter picked out Deep Red for me , and I love it.I 'm thrilled with the helmet , the fit , the quality , and the price .
 Great little helmet . Fits about a size too small . I 'm normally a large , and I got the x-large and it fits pretty tight -LRB- which I like , but some do n't -RRB- . Looks good and is quite solid .
 The helmet is as described and is true to size . My 13 year old son likes it and wears it . I 'm happy .
 The helmet I ordered is a different shade of gray than that of the picture . It has silver lettering while the photo shows it to have black lettering . The one I ordered looked a little better , but this one is alright . Fit is a little snug even though I was at the lower end of the sizing scale . Oh well , it 's just a helmet .
 I ordered this helmet for use in my `` storm center '' , a place of retreat should the weather become dangerous . The extra large size is , to me , really just a large size , and is a bit snug . The price compares favorably with what is available in sports shops locally .
 I ordered the XL and it 's a very tight fit on my head , although I measured my head according to the chart provided . Still , the helmet is well made and feels durable . The straps are smoother and a little thicker than the straps on other helmets that I have.I wanted the bright pink to match my pink Electra Townie . It 's a little lighter than the bike , but still looks nice together .
 This helmet is extremely comfortable and fits fantastic . I ca n't wait to wear it in the rink ! I recommend this product and would purchase it again .
 I needed to replace my old Giro MTB helmet . Since I live in Malaysia and I could n't find a decent helmet from any local retailers , I ordered two L-size helmets from Amazon , one by Giro and the other by Protec . The Giro helmet came with adjustment helmet , so it fits perfectly ; however , the Protec helmet only came with one set of padding inside , and it was a bit small for my head . I love the design -LRB- black base with red Devil -RRB- , and no point returning it ; so I will just give it to my nephew . For this particular Protec helmet , I recommend that get one size bigger than what you normally wear and adjust fitting with extra padding , if necessary .
 I had a pro-tec helmet few years ago , it was stolen . Because I loved it , I decided to buy another one . I like its shape , color and quality ; personal taste I guess . The only minor thing is the size , unless my head has grown in this last years , the helmet is a bit tight . It is still my size but the cushions inside are too thick . Since it is not a big deal -LRB- it is still my size - medium -RRB- I 'm just trying to remember if I had the same feeling with the previous one but I simply forgot about it . I still love it .
 Fast shipping , item in perfect condition , Matte Charcoal looks Perfect ! XL fit snug and all the reviews about the sizing helped me tremendously ! Best helmet you can buy for boarding threw a downhill City ! 5 * s
 The paint is nice and the color is vibrant . Looks like a high quality product , but consider ordering at least one size larger if you 're going by the measurements provided by Amazon / Pro-tec
 We purchased the black with the red Spitfire helmet for our 8 year son who loves to skateboard . It fits his head perfectly , looks great and gets the job done with a comforting piece of mind . My son who usually hates to wear a helmet because the chin strap is too tight is 100 % completely satisfied with how this feels and fits him !
 this helmet rocks , i use it for skiing and it works perfect , its super lite and comfortable , you do n't even know its there after 20 min
 I received my helmet without any hassels . My daughter loved it and it saved me a forturne if I was to buy in Australia
 I longboard , so this helmet was useful for me when I would go downhill skating with my friends . The quality is great . The colors are great . Everything was in the box . Stickers and instructions .
 I play roller derby , and this helmet has saved me from several injuries . I was able to go to a local skatepark shop , and try on the helmets to see which one would fit . According to the Protec sizing , I would be a medium , but when I tried on the helmets , the large fit exactly the way I need it to ; snug , but not tight . Keep that in mind when purchasing a helmet online . Otherwise a sound investment , and a fantastic purchase . I love this helmet .
 I bought this helmet for my wife . The helmet looks awesome , it looks very quality and from handling it , it seems to be excellent quality , however the size is definitely meant for children . Based on the sizing chart from the manufacturers website -LRB- for adult helmets -RRB- , my wife needed a small . So , we ordered a small . When it arrived she tried it on and it was way too small . My 11 year old daughter tried it on and it was even to small for her . It fit my 8 year old son the best , but it was pink so we opted to send it back instead of making him wear a pink helmet . We 're going to order another , however this time we 'll be ordering a large .
 I 've been involved in bike dirt jumping/street riding/freestyle since 1996 . I 've tried other helmets and Protec has always been my favorite . I got out of riding for a couple of years and recently got into mountain biking , so again I found myself needing a helmet . I tried another cheaper brand hoping to save a few dollars and got disappointed . I ended up ordering a new Protec and , as usual , am totally happy with it . Based off of my head measurement -LRB- 57cm -RRB- I ordered a Large and it fits perfectly . It may fit a little tight if your head is any bigger than that .
 I need a size 73/4 -8 1/4 hat . I assumed that the XL would be good . It fit pretty tight . I took out the padding and stuck them under a couple 45 lb weights for a few hours and it fit perfectly.Looks good and protects my noggin .
 Yeah ! I ordered a Large adult Punk pink ! It 's awesome ! It 's well ventilated and light weight , but definitely offers tons of protection -LRB- ok , not that I 've fallen on my head lately , but it 's got a good protection vibe -RRB- . Also a bonus , the extra bright color is nice because it is easy to see for motorists . I thought the pink might be too much , but it really is n't ... honestly even without the bright color it 's already kind of garish , it 's a skate helmet for crying out loud . Add in the punk pink color and we bring it to wonderful new levels of ridiculous fabulous , fashionably questionable FUN ! Love it , would n't change a thing . I found the company size chart to be accurate . I was borderline between a Large and an XL . My husband has an XL -LRB- black , not fab pink -RRB- so I tried it on . It fit fine , but I wanted a snugger fit so I got the large and it is perfecto .
 I wear a 173/4 '' hat and the XL fit my head perfectly . This helmet is strong and not bulky like some other helmets I have tried . I use it for bike riding and it keep my head relatively cool .
 The helmet is really nice . I would only caution that they run a little small . Bought this for my 11 year old son and i should have gone with the next size up . My kids head is rather large but I assumed a large would be big enough . It fit but was a little snug , otherwise would be a perfect rating .
 Needed a number of these and did not like the small packages and high prices at the home center stores . Save some money buying online and quality seems fine .
 I bought this for my boyfriend who lives in CO , while I live in NY . He 's a big CO sports fan , and recently became a godfather for his cousin 's baby . I bought him this as a cute little gift that he could laugh at and someday use to play with his goddaughter -LRB- who he adores -RRB- . He loved it . This is such a cute way to show your sports fan that you care . It 's a perfect size , not too big , but not too small . It could fit on a desk in an office without taking up too much space . I loved this gift .
 I bought the 3 piece set that included this elbow pad . I actually use it to support the other front bag . I 'm satisfied with the set . I 've only used it once so far but it seems like it will hold up .
 Grips look good , feel good , fit well , reduce shock and have easy , easy installation . They will improve your Ruger pistol versus the factory grips . jdg
 It fires like a whole new pistol after putting these on . Felt recoil on the .40 is noticeably less . Installation was easy . If you were on the fence , I would take the chance on these and pick them up .
 What a world of difference from the factory grips ! My 944 feels like it was custom made to fit my hand . I 'm getting a another one just to have an extra .
 A definite upgrade from stock plastic grips . This gives me a firmer grip on my Ruger P94 with the textured material and the formed finger ridges . It allows me greater control as the pistol kicks , reducing the amount of recoil that I absorb , which helps ensure a proper cycle of ammunition while maintaining a faster line up of my sights .
 should have bought one a while ago . much more comfortable , price is reasonable , put a couple of hundreds rounds through it since purchase
 This is a great product , it fits great and feels great . Very good buy !!!!! I 've tried a lot of grips and these are the best.Hogue Rubber Grip Ruger P94 Rubber Grip with Finger Grooves
 If you do n't have these for your Ruger P94 what are you waiting for ... These are super nice and should have came from Ruger with these installed ...
 My husband liked this grip so much he had me order another . He just wishes Amazon had them to fit more guns .
 I purchased these Houge grips for my Ruger SP101 357 at Amazon & I could not be more pleased ! They arrived 1 day before promised & my Ruger now has a very comfortable grip ! I have not had a chance to shoot but I 'm sure my accuracy will improve !
 Feel great , much better control than the stock grips . I wish I bought thease when I bought the gun three years ago !
 I purchased these grips to replace the factory grips on my Ruger P94 . It took me less than five minutes to take the stock grips off and put these on . The only reason it took that long was because you have to ` massage ' these grips into place . The grips are definitely made to fit snug , but it took me a little time to get them just right . Once I did though , the difference is amazing ! It feels like a completely different weapon . I 've yet to test fire at the range , but this pistol fits so much better in my hand . I highly , HIGHLY recommend these grips if you 're looking for an inexpensive upgrade for your Ruger . Great product .
 I purchased these grips because the stock grips were a little to slick if your hands got sweaty , and I had purchased a set for my 1911 and loved them . I put them on my p94 and could not believe the differance in control moist or dry.I would highly recommend them .
 Hogue makes the most tacky and sponging grips on the market to date , they are Exceptional and well worth the money !
 I really enjoy these grips . I replaced the plastic handles that came with the firearm . I was really easy to install , it took about 3 minutes to slip on the new grips . The grips completely changed the feel of the firearm . It felt like they were custom made to my hand , and when I fired the sidearm it did n't slip around . I would highly recommend this product .
 These Grips Blown the stock ones out of the water . Remember you must have a large hand to use this gun . It 's Pretty wide . Peace
 All I can say is this thing is HUGE . I 'm 6 ' 3 '' 210lbs . & I can easily stretch out under this to watch some TV.The blanket is very heavy & the stitching will last forever . Also the picture does n't do it justice , the logo is NOT just screened on , it 's actually sewn on just like the numbers on the game jerseys . I ca n't recommend this enough ... Go Blue .
 This was a huge hit in our house for Christmas . The blanket is 100 % polyester , which I was expecting more a traditional sweatshirt material . It is still very soft and large and warm . The `` M '' on the blanket is large and yellow , sewn on to the blanket out of the same type of material jerseys are made from.Overall a great product that we are quite happy with .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister . It came quickly and I had no issues . I thought the applique for the team logo was a little stiff for my taste but , she didnt seem to mind and it might soften up upon washing . I am happy with the purchase .
 Receiver of the gift said it was a great blanket , very cozy and very well made . I thought the price was great too !
 This blanket is extra big and extremely comfortable . The previous review that states the product contains lead , is either looking at the wrong product or is simply trying to prevent people from buying this one . It is 100 % polyester and feels great . Am looking at getting several more for Christmas gifts .
 Blanket was thick and just as described . Bought for a fraternity auction and was a very popular bid ! Would recommend this blanket .
 I bought this blanket and a UT blanket for christmas gifts . Awesome buy and quick service !! Would highly recommend !! The blanket is soft and cozy !!
 I bought this blanket for a christmas present and it was great . It was a lot bigger than I thought and it was so soft . Great Buy !
 I ordered this blanket as a gift for a friend . I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the blanket . The G is made of Jersey material and embroidered just like a Georgia uniform . It is very soft !
 This blanket is exactly as I hoped and expected it to be . It 's well-made , of quality sweatshirt material , and is very attractive . This promises to be a very long-lasting item .
 Ordered this blanket as a gift . Have never seen one before -- so I was hoping it would be good quality . I LOVED it ! This blanket is so soft , the letter was very neat looking -- exactly what I was hoping for . Wish I had ordered one for myself .
 Bought a couple of these blankets as graduation presents and was a little worried about the quality because they 're so inexpensive . But these blankets are good looking , soft , and well-made . And at $ 19.95 , you ca n't beat the price !
 My husband is a huge Longhorn fan and also loves big fuzzy blankets while watching ... what else ? ... FOOTBALL ! This was perfect and a great surprise for him . I searched for hours and this was the best price for the most product ... it 's just like a big fuzzy sweatshirt ! Enjoy .
 The net is exactly what it says it is . Strong pipes and netting . Easy to assemble . My 13 year old put it together .
 This goal is quick and easy to assemble and very sturdy . Bought it for my two nieces -LRB- 4 & 5 -RRB- who have started an interest in soccer ! Perfect size for them for now !
 My sons love this . It does come apart a bit too easily but can be glued if you do n't need to take it apart ever . Or , I may just be too weak to put it together tightly enough . Regardless , it is great for my boys -LRB- 5 and 3 -RRB- .
 Great Quality Product ! Authentic and Great Colors ! Shirt was larger than expected though . I ordered a Large and it was unnecessarily wide . I wish I would have knew or I would have ordered a Medium . So you might want to try a size smaller than you usually buy unless you are a wide person or have worn Puma Brand Shirts before . But it 's definitely a nice shirt !
 Great service and was quick arriving to our APO address . The shirt is great just the colors are reverse of what we thought we bought !
 If I had only one disc to play with , it would be the stingray . I use it for short drives , mid range shots , and it can even be used for putting . If I need a disc to fly straight , this is what I go with .
 Used this to put my bike and a scooter for my niece together works very well , although messy if your not careful like me . Very good product .
 We purchasted this clock as an award for a Yacht Club event , it worked out perfectly there was just enough room under the clock , a little over a half inch for a plack , it looks great . It appears to be a really quality desk top clock . . We are giving it as a gift so we have n't seen it run , but I am sure being a Weems & Plath it will work great too . Very Nautical looking . Amazon had the best price we saw and quick free shipping .
 Bought this leash for our german shepard who is also a Gator 's fan :-RRB- The leash is used for everyday walks and when I run with our german shepard . The leash is very sturdy and of good quality .
 Fished properly these can be deadly on pickerel and perch . A must have in your tackle box for your next hardwater adventure . I wish they made them in jumbo sizes as well .
 first of all , i 'm not a kid . this gun is very good for the price , and despite the small size , it is very powerful and hurts like crazy . it is very easy to cock and comes with two twenty round mags . the only bad thing about it is that it takes a long time to load the mags , so you should get some extra mags . also , cybergun ultrasonic bb 's rock and i recommend them for all of your guns .
 this p230 is a great pocket pistol to use in an airsoft war . its design replicates the walther PPK.PROS-pocket pistol design-great mag . cap . -LRB- 20 in a small stirrup design -RRB- - great solid feel for lefty or righty-CHEAP TO BUYCons-somewhat light -LRB- but hey its a pocket pistol ! -RRB- - slight accuracy issues -LRB- SLIGHT BUT NO PLASTIC BB GUN IS ACCURATE ENTIRELY -RRB- - safety is easily turned on or offthis is a great buy for me as low as the price goes !!!!
 This was the first pistol I had ever bought and I was very thrilled with it . It has a large capacity -LRB- 20 bb 's -RRB- and it came with an extra magazine . -LRB- I did n't buy mine off amazon so I 'm not sure if it will be the same . -RRB- It 's easy to cock and I can fire it pretty fast . The only problem is it hops up when firing from a long distance , which is to be expected I guess , and it does not work with .20 bb 's . They go about six feet and drop down . It is a great backup gun and does well in a pistol war , but not as well as a main gun against larger guns .
 this is the best spring pistol out there . its a great price , and good for beginners as it comes with 500 cybergun .12 6mm plastic bbs and another clip . the bbs are colored bright , translucent green , like a bead , and are easy to find to reuse . its fairly accurate , and usually hits within an inch of what you try to shoot . its got as much power as any pistol i 've ever seen , as i shot a hole in a plastic box from 10 feet away . its got a great mag capacity for a small gun , 20 shots per clip . safety can easily be turned on or off as it is where your thumb is if you are right handed . taking out or loading a new clip is a bit of a challenge , as you have to pull a lever next to the clip on the bottom of the gun . I usually have to use both hands to pull the lever and take out the clip . one of the best features of this gun is that it is about as easy to cock as a nerf gun , which is surprising given its power . by the way , the one i got looked like the customer image from V. Watson b/c it had a black grip and an orange tip . this is the best backup in the game .
 This is a fabulous gun . I am going to admit , it is not really a looker , but it is amazing . It is extrordinarily powerful , I have clocked it at around 260 fps . The gun is ver , very simple to cock , and can bet done quite easily . It wears perfectly , I have had it for 3 years and it has lasted with no problems at all . It can also be taken apart , which I found out because I removed the safety , it is a bit bulky . I also have found it is quite easy to find additional clips , I have bought many at Sports Authority , Big 5 , and many more . Anyone who does n't get this gun is crazy .
 i love hoodies but i am very picky . they have to be perfect . i have many of them but my favorite was `` adidas '' so i went on and go this one . so far i am very happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit . He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he does n't get fleece fuzz in his hair .
 A great sweatshirt all around ! Had it a year and still holding up very well .
 Great construction and overall appearance . there 's some spandex added so it feels and better as a fit , material feels like it would last very long time . great sweatshirt .
 I bought this sweater back in 2008 and Im pleased to say it is still going strong . Its very very comfortable and durable ! This is definitely my favorite sweater !
 I hate flimsy sweatshirts . This one is heavy and solid , but not stiff . It is pretty expensive , but I bought it as a present . It is a very nice , plain , warm , sweatshirt .
 When buying any clothing I examine each one before purchasing the item . This item was mailed to me in flawless condition . I was amazed that there was no shrinkage after washing the hoddie on the hot cycle . This is my outdoor companion when I am shotting photography or taking a morning walk .
 I bought the sweatshirt on sale when it was around $ 17 . It is very comfortable as the material is soft and stretchable . The warmth it provides is only average but considering the price , it suffices .
 The hoodies were of fine quality . However , I ordered two different colors , but I received two of the same color .
 Great sweatshirt . Nice looking , fits well . Very comfortable . Perfect for going to gym , or for casual social occasions .
 I wanted a hoody fleece that keeps me warm and brings me comfort , this is the one . And the material looks and feel durable . This is a professional made hoody . I recomend this item .
 This is a great hoodie , and very comfortable . I have to try and keep my girlfriend from stealing it .
 I live in this sweatshirt . There might have been two days I have n't worn it sonce I bought it .
 How to review a sweatshirt ... I like Adidas fleece sweatshirts like this . They 've got good colors , do n't fade much if you wash them properly , and they 're stylish . Of this type , I picked up a vibrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away , and a grey one . The logo is n't overbearing ... it 's just enough to say it 's a good brand . But mroe than anything , this ... is ... so ... soft . With the fall and winter coming up , I 'm glad I have my fleece sweatshirts . Although ... technically there are others that are great too . But ... these are great cause ' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.And that is my review on this sweatshirt . It 's soft and warm ; perfect if you went to the gym for a work-out , showered , and want something soft for the way home .
 After reading some reviews on the gun i though i might have wasted my money . boy was i wrong ! it is a great gun , worth every penny ^ w ^
 Ok , i mainly bought this gun because it looks like the Samurai Edge from Resident Evil , and i wanted it to top off my Chris Redfield costume , but it 's actually a decent gun . First off , for the costume purpose , it 's alomst spot on with the game counter part , from the over all look of the gun , down to it saying STARS and custom Kendo gunshop on the sides , it even has the STARS logo on the handle . As for the gun itself , it has decent power to it , but you can get only som much out of spring power , the only complaint is the barrel was splitting apart right out of the box , and some of the paint is coming off , but thats nothing that ca n't be fixed , in all , it 's a decent gun , but it 's awesome for Resident Evil fans
 I recently bought this gun , about 5 days ago . I was a little worried it would come , and suck . It did n't though , in fact it exceeded my expectations . I bought it for the 2 clips , and the looks . The clips are hard to load , and would be tough during a game . The looks are okay , but there seems to be orange paint from the barrel on the gun . It came off but was annoying . The silencer is pitiful , but it works . The knife is a rounded peice of plastic , that comes out when you cock , and shoot . Do what I did and remove the knife , but leave the remainder of what was holding it in on . Thats the second hole , in the picture . It shoots okay with .12 , but I go with .2 which works as well . Overall this is the backup to my .50 AE Desert Eagle , and my flanking gun . I reccomend you buy this , it 's pretty good for $ 15 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- .
 It 's a really cute backpack , and the ipod function is pretty slick . . although after a semester of heavy use -LRB- college = lots and lots of walking -RRB- Some of the edges of the fabric are kind of fraying ... not coming apart fraying , like some of the synthetic fibers stick out form the fabric . Zippers hold up better than any of my 3 jansports . . including 2 airlift backpacks that retail around 70-100 dollars ! Definitely worth what I paid for it !
 I bought this as a replacement for my daughter . It 's her third one in three years . She is pretty tough on backpacks . She likes all the pockets and it 's ability to hold a lot . It has a special place for her key , phone , and lots of pens and pencils which keeps her organized somewhat . Downside is the little tabs that are attached to the zipper often fall apart so you do n't have something larger to hold when zipping up . Otherwise , she loves it !
 I love this thing ! It works great for what I wanted it for . I was curious just HOW hot it is in my route-sales truck . Two days ago I got a reading of 139F heat index . Now I know why I am sweating so bad . :D My co-workers all wanted to know where to get one ! I sent them to amazon ... The unit itself seems well-made . The buttons react smoothly and the rubber non-slip grips on it are a nice feature . I 'd recommend this item to anyone needing to know the heat index in their environment .
 One gadget gives me all info to compare my performance on a day to day basis . A must have in the travel bag .
 I bought this product for recording the weather conditions when I run . The unfortunate thing about this is that the sensors are internal and require almost 20-30 minutes to adjust from your house to new surroundings like the outside . But it is very useful and durable nontheless . I would have loved it more if it had another row of numbers like some other stopwatches . But it works pretty well for the temp/humidity readings if you let it adjust . The heat index seems very off . If it 's 35 deg out with 60 % humidity , is the heat index really 80-90 deg ?
 I bought this stop watch for work . We need something that times up to 15 minutes normally sometimes more . As well we needed something that read temp in C not F as well humidity . This does it all and it will change humidity fast and accurate . Only issue I had was a small scratch on the screen of the stop watch as well when I ordered it on a Wednesday and he did n't provide the shipping label till near the end of the day on Friday . I did n't recieve it till Thursday afternoon the next week . But other than that I 'd give it a 4 out of 5 . Works great so far !!
 Great sweatshirt . Nice looking , fits well . Very comfortable . Perfect for going to gym , or for casual social occasions .
 I wanted a hoody fleece that keeps me warm and brings me comfort , this is the one . And the material looks and feel durable . This is a professional made hoody . I recomend this item .
 This is a great hoodie , and very comfortable . I have to try and keep my girlfriend from stealing it .
 I live in this sweatshirt . There might have been two days I have n't worn it sonce I bought it .
 How to review a sweatshirt ... I like Adidas fleece sweatshirts like this . They 've got good colors , do n't fade much if you wash them properly , and they 're stylish . Of this type , I picked up a vibrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away , and a grey one . The logo is n't overbearing ... it 's just enough to say it 's a good brand . But mroe than anything , this ... is ... so ... soft . With the fall and winter coming up , I 'm glad I have my fleece sweatshirts . Although ... technically there are others that are great too . But ... these are great cause ' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.And that is my review on this sweatshirt . It 's soft and warm ; perfect if you went to the gym for a work-out , showered , and want something soft for the way home .
 i love hoodies but i am very picky . they have to be perfect . i have many of them but my favorite was `` adidas '' so i went on and go this one . so far i am very happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit . He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he does n't get fleece fuzz in his hair .
 A great sweatshirt all around ! Had it a year and still holding up very well .
 Great construction and overall appearance . there 's some spandex added so it feels and better as a fit , material feels like it would last very long time . great sweatshirt .
 I bought this sweater back in 2008 and Im pleased to say it is still going strong . Its very very comfortable and durable ! This is definitely my favorite sweater !
 I hate flimsy sweatshirts . This one is heavy and solid , but not stiff . It is pretty expensive , but I bought it as a present . It is a very nice , plain , warm , sweatshirt .
 When buying any clothing I examine each one before purchasing the item . This item was mailed to me in flawless condition . I was amazed that there was no shrinkage after washing the hoddie on the hot cycle . This is my outdoor companion when I am shotting photography or taking a morning walk .
 I bought the sweatshirt on sale when it was around $ 17 . It is very comfortable as the material is soft and stretchable . The warmth it provides is only average but considering the price , it suffices .
 The hoodies were of fine quality . However , I ordered two different colors , but I received two of the same color .
 I bought this brush for myself , mostly to use on my feet in the shower , and it has been wonderful . I waited 4 months to review it to make sure it would hold up to being wet , and it 's done very well . This is a nice , fairly dense brush -- much more dense than most of the spa brushes that are sold . The bristles are soft but still stiff enough to be effective in scrubbing my feet . The bristles also stay in place -- I have n't had any fall out that I can tell . The wood is holding up well to being damp . I just make sure the brush is bristle-side-down in a mesh drain so it can dry out . The wood had darkened some around the base of the bristles , but that is to be expected , and it has n't yet affected the performance of the brush . It feels relaxing to scrub my feet and they 're softer and smoother than they have ever been . Highly recommended for people ! : - -RRB-
 look , this brush was not made for house cleaning nor was it made to clean human feet ! if you would have read the descripition you would have known this was a HORSE BRUSH . not a human foot brush . I ordered this brush and it works great on my HORSE
 I thought the clubs and bag were a great starter set , an almost perfect starter set , as I practiced and then went out for a round of golf.On the second hole as I hit with the driver , the ball went left , the club head went right , and the tee did n't move . Luckily , the company was very prompt in replacing the club , mailing both a new driver and cover within a few days.Hopefully , the next driver and all of the rest of the clubs can withstand the next drive or hit . BTW , the irons look great and look like they could withstand some pretty good abuse .
 This is a really good watch . I especially like how easy the features are to use . The special event alarm has so many possible events listed its crazy . The countdown repeat timer is the feature I like the most . It is especially handy when I am ill and need to remind myself when to take my medications . The alarm sounds and starts counting down again automatically so I stay on schedule . I recently discovered that each alarm has its own particular chime so I can differentiate between them . The Flix feature is handy when driving at night . You just flic your wrist and the backlight comes on , no button to find first . It was a good purchase except I later found it $ 4.00 cheaper at Target a couple weeks after I received it . That was a bummer . Oh well : -RRB-
 Bought this for my hubby . It 's everything he needs in a watch
 I would definitely recommend this watch to anyone . I have seen it for twice as much as I paid .
 This watch is a very nice , not too big , Ironman model . I would n't call it small , just not ` hulking ' like some watches . I had a similar watch , but not the FLIX version . It also did not have some of the functions this one has.When the time changed this fall I discovered that the SET function on my old Timex no longer worked . The watch was only about 1.5 years old , out of the 1 year warranty period , so I was out of luck.I really liked that watch so I bought this similar one . I was not terribly impressed with the look of this watch in the Amazon picture , but I think it looks great on my wrist . This also has the FAST WRAP band , which I had to purchase separately for my last Timex . I am a big fan of the FAST WRAP band.The FLIX system works , but I ca n't really see a need for it myself . You can read about it in the description or on the Timex website.I 'll need to read the instructions and take some time to see whether or not the other functions are useful , but the reason I had to have another Timex is for the multiple alarm function . As far as I know they are the only brand with daily/weekday/weekend alarms . Other manufacturers really should begin offering this.I only gave it 4 stars because my last Timex failed far too early , and that is the only way I can judge longevity of my new watch . If it `` takes a lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' '' then this watch is everything I could really ask for . If it fails in 1.5 years , like my last Timex , then this will truly be my last Timex.EDIT 3.27.2009 : The watch failed this week , at just over one year , like my last Timex . That makes it official - THIS IS MY LAST TIMEX . EVER.Like my previous Timex , I liked the size , function -LRB- especially the alarms -RRB- and style of this watch . But , like my other Timex , it failed at just over a year.This time I bought a Casio G-Shock .
 I needed a watch to keep time when running and other timed events for ROTC training . This watch is great for that .
 It 's very comfortable , and looks great . I 'm used to wearing nicer , metal watches ... but I 've received many compliments as to how nice this watch looks.Now I just need to start working out to really use it . ha !
 I received this today and it fits my CZ 40 P perfectly -LRB- size 16 -RRB- . I had to remove the paddle and block in order to set the retension strap and turn the holster for cross-draw . It was all done easily enough and went back together perfectly . And , just to bust myself out , I will tell you that after turning my garage upside down looking for the right size allen wrench ... I discovered that Uncle Mike 's had provided one . Thanks Uncle Mike . : PAll materials are good quality , just as you would expect from Uncle Mike 's . The size 16 is a perfect fit for both my CZ 40 P and Ruger P94.I went over to uncle-mikes . com and pulled this down : SizeRight Only Item No . Fit Information0 7800-1 2 - 3 '' barrel small/medium double action revolvers except 2 '' 5-shot1 7801-1 3 - 4 '' barrel medium autos2 7802-1 4 '' barrel medium and intermediate double actin revolvers5 7805-1 41/2 - 5 '' barrel large autos15 7815-1 33/4 '' - 41/2 '' barrel large autos16 7816-1 31/4 '' - 33/4 '' barrel medium and large autos19 7819-1 colt Gov ' t large autos , Browning Hi-Power21 7821-1 Glock 17,19,20 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 29 , 3036 7836-1 2 '' barrel small frame 5-shot revovlers with hammer spur
 All of Uncle Mike 's products work as advertised . They are sturdy and functional . The price point limits fancy features , but the holster was adjustable for a fairly exact fit with some minor effort . The paddle is comfortable and holds the outfit securely . The holster also works with the paddle slipped through the belt . Ca n't beat the price from Amazon .
 Bought this kayak a month ago now 8/2009 , and have takenit out twice . It is very stable , very smooth and efficient to paddle . I paddle on lakes , not rivers . Much easier to put on top of my car than my old tandem kayak . Enough tie downs to carry food and a dry bag . My son and I had a lot of fun !
 Great sweatshirt . Nice looking , fits well . Very comfortable . Perfect for going to gym , or for casual social occasions .
 I wanted a hoody fleece that keeps me warm and brings me comfort , this is the one . And the material looks and feel durable . This is a professional made hoody . I recomend this item .
 This is a great hoodie , and very comfortable . I have to try and keep my girlfriend from stealing it .
 I live in this sweatshirt . There might have been two days I have n't worn it sonce I bought it .
 How to review a sweatshirt ... I like Adidas fleece sweatshirts like this . They 've got good colors , do n't fade much if you wash them properly , and they 're stylish . Of this type , I picked up a vibrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away , and a grey one . The logo is n't overbearing ... it 's just enough to say it 's a good brand . But mroe than anything , this ... is ... so ... soft . With the fall and winter coming up , I 'm glad I have my fleece sweatshirts . Although ... technically there are others that are great too . But ... these are great cause ' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.And that is my review on this sweatshirt . It 's soft and warm ; perfect if you went to the gym for a work-out , showered , and want something soft for the way home .
 i love hoodies but i am very picky . they have to be perfect . i have many of them but my favorite was `` adidas '' so i went on and go this one . so far i am very happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit . He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he does n't get fleece fuzz in his hair .
 A great sweatshirt all around ! Had it a year and still holding up very well .
 Great construction and overall appearance . there 's some spandex added so it feels and better as a fit , material feels like it would last very long time . great sweatshirt .
 I bought this sweater back in 2008 and Im pleased to say it is still going strong . Its very very comfortable and durable ! This is definitely my favorite sweater !
 I hate flimsy sweatshirts . This one is heavy and solid , but not stiff . It is pretty expensive , but I bought it as a present . It is a very nice , plain , warm , sweatshirt .
 When buying any clothing I examine each one before purchasing the item . This item was mailed to me in flawless condition . I was amazed that there was no shrinkage after washing the hoddie on the hot cycle . This is my outdoor companion when I am shotting photography or taking a morning walk .
 I bought the sweatshirt on sale when it was around $ 17 . It is very comfortable as the material is soft and stretchable . The warmth it provides is only average but considering the price , it suffices .
 The hoodies were of fine quality . However , I ordered two different colors , but I received two of the same color .
 Rio leaders are fantastic ! Never had a problem with them , and this is an excellent price for a 3 pack ! Could n't resist the opportunity
 The 1.5 '' Diamond Strobe Deep Drop Light Water Activated preformed just as advertised . The moment that it came in contact with the water it lighted up . I took my new toy on a resent shrimping trip . I tied it to the bait and tossed it in . the bait lays on the bottom were we would cast our nets . We caught larger amounts of shrimp for the rest of the season . It seemed to attract more shrimp to fill our nets . I love it ! AL
 the mattress on the frame feels almost like you are sleeping in a bed . It is quick and easy to set up . The wheeled case makes it convenient to transport . You can use it for camping or when you need an extra bed for guests at home .
 every coyote hunter should have one of these calls . works great sounds great and brings them yotes running in . it great for foxes too
 this is a goog pup in destress call.or ki-yi call.but i like the lile dog green better to doki-yi calls on , both takes some pratice to do well!rick p.
 Large text size makes it easy to read , and it actually reminds you how to reset it if you forget how ! Timer , alarm , pulse , water resist , all the features I wanted , except for ... day of week . The picture shows day of week in the display , but it is n't on my actual watch . Instead , the month abbreviation is spelled out -LRB- e.g. JUL -RRB- . Still , a great watch for the price .
 The first watch I received was defective , but Amazon replaced it very quickly . It 's a really nice watch for traveling , or an active lifestyle . I used it for snorkeling and had no problems with the water . The numerals are large enough that I 'm able to read them even without my glasses and the indiglo is great for checking the time after dark !
 I really like the size and color of this watch . It has great featureas and is very easy to set . I always buy Timex watches for my running as the price is right and they are very durable watches and last a long time .
 The price was great ! It came in good condition . I can see numbers great and just easy to set and use for timer and stopwatch.I think this is my favorite watch I have ever had .
 I have had this watch since June 2008 -LRB- 41/2 months -RRB- . My last Timex had a similar band that disintegrated after a year and a half . I hate these integral watch bands ! I need a digital watch with a timer because my toddler needs transition time -LRB- `` Three minutes then we have to go home from the park ! '' -RRB- . I bought it in a stylish periwinkle blue because I get tired of the ugly gray and black bands , many digital watches have . The band is comfortable and I do n't have to take it off to shower , etc , but it has turned from blue to an ugly greenish gray color . So , even though the watch works fine , I will have to buy a new watch because it looks awful . I do n't want all the features as on an Ironman Timex , and my husband has forbidden me from buying a cheap watch of another brand because the instructions never work to set it . PLEASE TIMEX , MAKE THIS SAME WATCH WITH THE ABILITY TO CHANGE THE BAND !
 Nothing extraordinary to note about the watch . The watch is reasonably priced and does just what I need done . I have seen no deficiencies with this watch .
 Margie 's review
 I love this watch . It has all the functions that I need - alarm , stopwatch , timer , and pulse , and it 's waterproof . It 's very easy to use . I would n't buy any other watch .
 She runs College XC and indoor/outdoor track and is real `` picky '' about her watches . She really likes this watch . She has a tiny wrist and it fits perfect . It is just the right size . I have sent many watches back and she has n't taken this watch off since Christmas !!
 i love hoodies but i am very picky . they have to be perfect . i have many of them but my favorite was `` adidas '' so i went on and go this one . so far i am very happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit . He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he does n't get fleece fuzz in his hair .
 A great sweatshirt all around ! Had it a year and still holding up very well .
 Great construction and overall appearance . there 's some spandex added so it feels and better as a fit , material feels like it would last very long time . great sweatshirt .
 I bought this sweater back in 2008 and Im pleased to say it is still going strong . Its very very comfortable and durable ! This is definitely my favorite sweater !
 I hate flimsy sweatshirts . This one is heavy and solid , but not stiff . It is pretty expensive , but I bought it as a present . It is a very nice , plain , warm , sweatshirt .
 When buying any clothing I examine each one before purchasing the item . This item was mailed to me in flawless condition . I was amazed that there was no shrinkage after washing the hoddie on the hot cycle . This is my outdoor companion when I am shotting photography or taking a morning walk .
 I bought the sweatshirt on sale when it was around $ 17 . It is very comfortable as the material is soft and stretchable . The warmth it provides is only average but considering the price , it suffices .
 The hoodies were of fine quality . However , I ordered two different colors , but I received two of the same color .
 Great sweatshirt . Nice looking , fits well . Very comfortable . Perfect for going to gym , or for casual social occasions .
 I wanted a hoody fleece that keeps me warm and brings me comfort , this is the one . And the material looks and feel durable . This is a professional made hoody . I recomend this item .
 This is a great hoodie , and very comfortable . I have to try and keep my girlfriend from stealing it .
 I live in this sweatshirt . There might have been two days I have n't worn it sonce I bought it .
 How to review a sweatshirt ... I like Adidas fleece sweatshirts like this . They 've got good colors , do n't fade much if you wash them properly , and they 're stylish . Of this type , I picked up a vibrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away , and a grey one . The logo is n't overbearing ... it 's just enough to say it 's a good brand . But mroe than anything , this ... is ... so ... soft . With the fall and winter coming up , I 'm glad I have my fleece sweatshirts . Although ... technically there are others that are great too . But ... these are great cause ' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.And that is my review on this sweatshirt . It 's soft and warm ; perfect if you went to the gym for a work-out , showered , and want something soft for the way home .
 My brother loved when i gave him this for their new baby , now she can sit with him on sundays andwatch his favorite team . .
 I 'd been researching Ironman Timex watches.What I found was a Timex Expedition.Same functions as the Ironman.I 've had it a couple a weeks and think i 've made an excellent choice.I 'm not an ironman anyway.I do n't need timers or lap times.For me this was an excellent Choice.Oh yes and it 's less tan $ 30.00 .
 This is a great Gym for anyone with limited space and a good back -LRB- for lifting all the weights everytime you change exercises -RRB- . It takes a while to put together but it looks cool and works great .
 I bought my Powertec Workbench Leverage Home Gym for 4 months now . I waited to give this review because when you look for something like this one of the main things you want to know is , `` Does it really work ? '' I spent months researching and trying out comparable machines like BowFlex , Weider , and Soloflex . I chose this machine because I wanted to lift REAL weight . I also needed something versatile and something that I would n't easily outgrow.Space
 By far the best home gym . I have had the crossbows , bowflex , and others . Nothing compares to the Powertec home gym . When you max out your bows and bands and it tells you that you are benching 280 , and you know that 's not possible , it 's time to move up to heavier duty equipment.This latest version seems to be about as perfect as can be , they added a little handlebar below the bench to grab while you lie on your stomach and do hamstring curls . And you can do pull ups too.The gym was easy to put together . Grab a sharpie and label all the bolts , nuts , screws , washers before you start , or it may get confusing . It takes about 4 hours to put together by yourself . I had to go back and remove a few bolts , and exchange them for different ones , because I did n't label them . Otherwise , it would have taken only 3 hours . But it was a joy to watch this monster come together in the basement.Most of it is already put together and you just have to piece it together . If you ever have to move , it can easily be disassembled into 3 main parts and will be easy to move.The chest exercises are easy to do . Incline , decline , flat bench all feel about right . The bench is a little higher off the ground than normal , so in decline , your legs may just dangle , unless you are taller.The lat pull down works well . Great motion . Awesome pulley . Probably one of the smoothest , most perfect pulley motions you are going to find . Great for bicep curls , tricep push downs and more.You can also actually do real squats . Swivel the bench around , attach the attachment , and you can do serious real squats . All of this without the need for a spotter.Also , it does n't take up as much space as I originally thought . It fit in a normal 8 foot basement , with plenty of space overhead . Not sure I believe it is actually 7.5 feet tall.One dumb issue , on the sides it has two poles that you can stack weights on as a storage area . You can store extra weight here . Well , they are held on pretty loosely with a small bolt . And if you screw the bolt in too tight , it strips , and then it is loose . That part actually sucked.Poweretc service department is great , if you have any missing parts , they respond quickly and send them out.Great product overall , very well built . It has a lifetime warranty , and it 's obvious why .
 Bought this from Powertecfitness directly -LRB- lower than here -RRB- and LOVE IT !! Took about 2.5 hours to put together solo . Was n't difficult , just be sure to properly lay out the hardware -LRB- nuts/bolts -RRB- . It 's a nice , strong , sturdy piece of equipment to replace a aged Smith machine I had -LRB- 10 yrs old -RRB- and is sure to last at least as long as it did . For the suggestion that the screws to hold the weight storage arms in place being too short
 Bought the gym directly from powertec to be sure I was getting the new model which resolves the flaw and safety issue of using the bench without the chair attached . Ordered in Black since yellow 's a bit too loud for the house . Overall this is one solid Gym ! Assembly was n't too bad , did it by myself and followed some good suggestions of labeling and sorting the bolts first . Another good suggestion during assembly is do n't tighten the bolts before you assemble the lower half and tower . Get it all together , a bit of play will help with fitment and then synch it up . Likewise with the press arm , I attached the press arms and axle first and then attached the press U shaped handle bar to them . I could n't get the axle in and across when I tried it with the press fully assembled . A little bit of proactive thinking will make assembly and fitment easier in short.My biggest complaint is the way the bench attaches to the frame . A t-handled bolt passes through a hold on one side of the bench through a bar on the frame with a thankfully larger hole and then finally threaded into the other end of the bench U bracket . I would think a pin would have sufficed and saved the pain of threading and tightening this connection . Secondly quality control was a bit lacking . The paint finish had a large dull spot on one press arm , the powertec sticker on the frame was poorly applied with bubbles and wrinkles . . looked awful so I removed it . I also got the preacher curl attachment and the main pad had holes that were off alignment by 1/4 inch , and threading on the pad a bit skewed as well . Still it all fit together and works well and strangely you ca n't really notice it 's crooked , I ca n't believe that 's by design and requested a replacement pad . Another strange fact is the bolt heads are I 'd guess 20mm which I could n't find a wrench or socket head for and ended up using a crescent wrench . Thankfully the nuts are a standard size so this really was n't that much of a concern , just weird . Lastly the gym would have been better if shipped with quality weight clamps . I quickly discarded the stock clamps and ordered 4 sets of muscle clamps although that does add another $ 150 to the cost . These are the reason this only gets 4 , because otherwise , this is one of the best gyms you 'll find . Lot of value and exercises for the space and it 's built to last .
 First , I would like to say , if you want a machine that can hold the weight load , and take the abuse this is the machine to have . You do n't have to have a spotter , and you can train heavy with confidence , without thinking about the weight falling on you . It 's built with heavy guage steel that makes , this machine strong and durable . You can do all of your compound movement exercises that really builds muscle , and mass , and many more exercises for isolation . This is the way to go !!!
 Great quality . The machine is very smooth and can do multiple exercises . I am not usually a big fan of the all in one systems , but this machine is great . Definitely happy with my decision to purchase .
 This leverage weight bench is the best.I have looked at Sears , and several other stores , and nothing they sell comes even close to this equipment.It came in three boxes , with the heavest one at right over 125lbs . and bulky , so you will need someone to help get it in the house if you have stairs , or as I did use a appliance two wheeler.If you are not wanting to spend the money for professional equipment this is very close for a good bit less money .
 This machine is just what you need when you cant or just do n't want to go to the gym . You can get multiple excellent workouts with this machine . The only draw back is the directions on putting it together . Its not bad but your basically looking at a picture with the parts stretched away from the machine . Do not let that deter you the good far out weighs this little prob .
 2010 Yellow model . Would give it 5 stars , although I can not use any bench exercises . The right press arm is two + inches closer to the bench than the left . Not bio-mechanically correct and injurious if used this way . I have photographed , emailed issue , and although I have spoken with their techs they have no answer and no suggested solution . I can not believe I am the only one with an alignment issue in the course of their business over the years ! Got ta get a solution and get working out .
 Got this a few months ago and I have to admit it is the first home gym I have seen that has the true `` feel '' of a regular workout with free weights . The movement is solid and smooth -LRB- I ca n't stand the bowflex styled resistance -RRB- and has enough capacity that even a competing bodybuilder could put enough weight on it to work out.The only negative if any is that over a trip to the gym a complete workout takes a little more time because of the changes to move from exercise to exercise . However , if there is someone home with you that can assist -LRB- `` uh , honey can you come in here for a sec ? '' :-RRB- -RRB- it makes the time impact minimal.Overall very , very pleased with the equipment and I got mine in gunmetal grey to match my workout room . They offer yellow and red also .
 Honestly this is the most fun workout i have ever done . Its not really a belly dancing tape . She just kinds of incorporate belly dance style moves into a fun dance workout . Its sensual and me and my sister actually use all of the moves when we go out lol . I have very little dance background and it was pretty easy to get into . . i took a dance class in college . . so i knew a few basic moves like sashay on what not . . but most of the moves were just sexy and fun . . with a little urban twist . My mom has no dance background . . a few of the moves were awkward for her . . but she just kept moving and had fun and burned up a sweat.You will work up a light sweat without even knowing . . theres not a lot of cardio . . but i guess the moves use muscle power . You will feel your stomache and hips burning the next day . I ca n't say enough about this video . I loved it . I found it at ross for a few dollars . . im loving it : - -RRB-
 I have a Traditions Timber Ridge .50 cal and ordered this product . Threads in well and is not loose at all . Would recommend to anyone that needs a breech plug for a Traditions .
 The Item was as described and was shipped very fast to me . I would recommend using Amozon as your buying place .
 These are the best summer riding breeches you will ever own . I have three pair and wo n't wear anything else . So cool and comfortable .
 I got these breeches to be an alternative to wearing jeans for riding , especially in the heat of summer . These are very comfortable , fit well , have stretch and flexibility in every direction , and look flattering . Got the navy , and received complements on them as soon as I entered the stable . They have a regular rise and hit the waist , and are not too confining anywhere , plus the knee patches provide good grip in the saddle . Nice product at a good price .
 I purchased this item for my husband as a birthday gift as he kept complaining that he needed a new gym bag ! That was 7 years ago and the bag is still going strong ! I would recommend this to anyone . It has a nice , large zipper opening to fit all your stuff and two storage compartments on either end . Excellent Buy ! Well worth the money !
 I bought this to replace the one I had . I thought I would replace the whole stem , rather than trying to find the right washer . I found this one on Amazon , at half the price of ACE . So I got it . It was the original stem . SW
 A gift , he loved it said he 's amazed at how close it sticks to the actual tide schedule , here in Virginia Beach . Looks good too . Supposed to reset it at new moons , etc. for it to be more accurate , but he has not had to do that yet , it 's still , after several months very accurate .
 We 're on our second W&P time and tide clock -LRB- the first one took a dive -RRB- and would n't be without it . Living on relatively shallow Chesapeake Bay waters , in a quick glance we can get a sense of when to fish , waterski , canoe , or kayak .
 Does not work in Texas ! , but it still looks cool in my garage . Owned it for 3 months or so and have no problems . At least I know when the fishing is good on the East Coast !
 Great clock and tide clock . Living on the water with swings of tide of over six feet or more , it 's nice to have a tide clock . And so far , it seems to be keeping accurate tides . -LRB- I got it as a Christmas gift for my husband . -RRB- Wish it had come in white instead of black -LRB- or in addition to black -RRB- .
 I searched all over my local stores for something like this . The challenge was many local memorabilia stores have closed down due to the economy . I was so excited to find it online . It was delivered very timely . The packaging was impeccable . The color and detail is brilliant . We can not wait to hang it in our Nascar room .
 The Gamo Compact compares very favorably to precision pistols costing many hundreds of dollars more . It is a single pump , low velocity target pistol . While the single pump takes some energy better NOT used during high level competition , the gun also does not require CO2 cartridges , or high pressure tanks for filling and shooting and is the ultimate in simplicity.What this means is that instead of having to have a half truck load of support equipment for practice , I can pick the pistol up at any time and get down to training . The sights are adjustable and are quite good . For my personal preference , I had to widen the rear notch slightly , but those types of `` adjustments '' are common and individualistic . The pistol is quiet as well , which allows me to practice at home at any time of the day and not disturb my family or `` the guy who looks over the back fence '' -LRB- as my wife often imagines -RRB- . The trigger , out of the box , is excellent . It is also adjustable both in weight and in trigger position.Totally aside from using it as my main -LRB- pistol -RRB- practice piece , I 've come to rely on it as a control piece for the manifold ballistics experimentation and photography I do . The ease and reliability of operation , in conjunction with the very clean lines and low and consistent velocity of the pistol make it one of my more valuable tools in that realm of use.Given the price and quality of this air pistol , I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for an excellent trainer or even a beginning competition pistol . It would be very difficult to go wrong with this one .
 This a very economical way to get into shooting air pistol . Olympic caliber AP go for thousands of dollars . Additionally , you wo n't need a scuba tank or air pump for this pistol . Just one pump delivers very accurate shots . The only complaint is that your arms do tire after shooting normal NRA 10m air pistol shots . Thanks
 With respect to fit , finish , and performance , this AP is an outstanding value at the AMAZON new price . My only caveat is that , if one buys it in `` like new '' condition -LRB- as I did , at a considerable discount -RRB- , it would be well to ensure that the piece has been scrupulously maintained . Though there was no visible pitting involved , removal of light rust from the bore and action was necessary . Fortunately , cocking , loading , and accuracy seem not to have been affected .
 The Gamo Compact compares very favorably to precision pistols costing many hundreds of dollars more . It is a single pump , low velocity target pistol . While the single pump takes some energy better NOT used during high level competition , the gun also does not require CO2 cartridges , or high pressure tanks for filling and shooting and is the ultimate in simplicity.What this means is that instead of having to have a half truck load of support equipment for practice , I can pick the pistol up at any time and get down to training . The sights are adjustable and are quite good . For my personal preference , I had to widen the rear notch slightly , but those types of `` adjustments '' are common and individualistic . The pistol is quiet as well , which allows me to practice at home at any time of the day and not disturb my family or `` the guy who looks over the back fence '' -LRB- as my wife often imagines -RRB- . The trigger , out of the box , is excellent . It is also adjustable both in weight and in trigger position.Totally aside from using it as my main -LRB- pistol -RRB- practice piece , I 've come to rely on it as a control piece for the manifold ballistics experimentation and photography I do . The ease and reliability of operation , in conjunction with the very clean lines and low and consistent velocity of the pistol make it one of my more valuable tools in that realm of use.Given the price and quality of this air pistol , I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for an excellent trainer or even a beginning competition pistol . It would be very difficult to go wrong with this one .
 If you like John Daly , you will love this golf driver cover . It is well made and a fun addition to your golf bag .
 I had an IronMan Timex sport Watch for many years which just recently became unusable . This one is very sleek and stylish by comparison . Maybe its the coloring that sets it apart from other black , silver and gray models , I know thats what immediately caught my attention . Background for digits is clear and distinct for viewing and functionality for Timer , Chronology and Alarms -LRB- 3 -RRB- are easy to set . No awful surprises here . One issue with leather strap is that it might not hold up well to swimming as threading came loose -LRB- I used crazy glue to reinforce -RRB- on some of the ends after a trip to the beach . And so far I have found the leather straps hard to find if need to replace . Otherwise , its a fine watch you should enjoy for many years .
 I like this product . I wanted it to set 3 alarms to remember to eat . This watch is exactly what I expected . Very comfortable too .
 The menus are a bit counterintuitive as far as the chrono is concerned , but other than that it 's a very good watch . Anything that does n't break after two weeks in Iraq holds up pretty well in my opinion . Note to soldiers
 Do not believe in the picture that you going to get all of that lures it only come in one . Letting you guys know and also this item is new .
 I like this product , the quality , color , style everything is perfect ... I am very pleased and will suggest my friends .
 Ok , I wanted to get in shape . But did n't want to run treadmill on my off days because it bores me to death . I was doing reviews on line and it said you could get a total body workout with just a jump rope & a heavy bag . So I thought , hey what the heck . I did some reviews and ended up buying a 100 lb heavy bag some gloves and a jump rope and was ready to rock . Wrong ... I had Horrible form , did n't know what I was doing and was winded after beating the bag up -LRB- Ok the bag was beating me up -RRB- And I sprained one of my my wrist because of improper punching.Did some more reviews , and found out I needed wrist wraps on my hands under my gloves . Than after going to some random boxing forums found out their actually is a method to the madness , and that you have to learn proper form and punching technique . Searched around for heavy bag drills and came across this DVD . Ordered it and wa-la got it in about 4 days.Popped it in and wow , I was amazed at how many things I was doing wrong.This DVD is great for someone just learning boxing from scratch that would like to get a good workout by hitting a heavy bag . Now it is also one of the lowest budget boring DVD 's you have ever sat eyes on . That said , it still gives you exactly what you need . You honestly only need to watch this dvd 2-3 times and you will pick up the technique.So my advice is get an instructor for a couple of weeks to teach you the basics . If you ca n't afford an instructor , this is the next best thing .
 These were a little larger than what I had researched them to be ; however , there were a huge hit from Santa and will get a LOT of use ! Well made for `` practice '' at home , etc. . . which is what Santa was looking/hoping for .
 This is a good gun but , not a great gun . The nice thing is , it is basically all metal -LRB- at least on the outside -RRB- , so it is heavy in your hand and feels real . At least it feels real to some one who has never held a real hand gun ... Another thing I love about this gun , is the orange tip on the front screws off so that it really looks real that that point.I dont know the FPS but , I do know that I held it to my thigh and through jeans it REALLY hurt ... Only for about a minute though.Seems fairly accurate but , I have not battled with it or done a great deal of accuracey testing.I do not like the clip though , it is a very light plastic and compared to the gun it feels weird . It also does n't have a load locking spring -LRB- dont know the technical defenition -RRB- . In other words the spring has to be held down as you load it , you ca n't just put it in a locked position . I am looking for metal clips for the gun but , it also does not inlcude instructions or even a company name.The saftey is really hard to put on and off , I am not sure if that is just becuase it is new or if that is just the way the gun is made but , at this point the saftey is incredibley hard to use.The paint chips off where the slider is , just a little at the back on the gun.It also has a place for attaching a light or something but , does not include any.The cocking is pretty good , not too hard to cock and not too easy ... It appears to be working fine still but , I have n't had it that long so , no long term testing yet . Overall a good gun , the only main problem for me is the clip ... This seller is really good though , really fast shipping and good communication.Hope this review was of some help to you !
 this is a great gun . it never jammed on me and it is pretty accurate and strong . although it is n't as strong as my brother 's gun , i always beat him becasue his accuracy is horrible .
 The product is great and good quality . The shipping could have been better , it was packaged in a bag only and it had a tear in it and shirt was dirty when arrived it cleaned up OK lucky no grease or oil or I would have had to return it .
 The IROD jersey was my daughter 's main Christmas gift and she was very excited . The jersey was good quality at a much lower cost then what I almost paid someplace else .
 This stuff rocks ! When we used it walleye fishing while camping up north last week we decimated the fish . We cleaned more then twice as many fish as anyone else at the cleaning station . I do n't know why this stuff works but who cares !
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 I purchasd the coffee mug from Amzon and the service was great . The mug arrived intact and it looked just like the picture . I still use it on a regulr basis and would reccomend that anyone buy it . GO FALCONS !! RISE UP !!!!!
 I COULD N'T FIND THIS BIT ANYWHERE LOCALLY . BEST BUY FOR MY HORSE . BIT PROTECTS HIS MOUTH AND THE COPPER MAKES IT ENJOYABLE FOR HIM . I LOVE IT .
 These are smaller than I thought they would be . I like a BIG coffee cup and these are not big . I still like them .
 Great jersey ! My son loves it and wears it often . It has been really durable so far .
 I have bought this brand of hand grippers for two years for my husband . First , I bought the 100 and 150 lbs and then this year the 200 and 250 lbs . He uses them daily and has had no problems and they show no wear and are as good as new !!
 These work great , I got the 200 and 250 one , I ca n't even close the 250 one but the 200 im close . They work great .
 Bought to replace the bikini style covers on my Nikon Buckmasters with a 49mm objective . Its spring loaded , so it pops open quickly , and easily . Fits snugly and I have no concerns about it falling off .
 Fits perfectly , opens easily , and feels sturdy . Keeps my lens clean , and opens fast , just like it 's supposed to do , it got my 5 stars .
 Product worked pretty good with my nikon buckmaster , very solid and good protection to the scope len . I would recomend to a friend .
 Scope covers fit my Nikon Buckmaster good . Be sure to check diameter sizes of the various BC numbers with the actual diameter of your scope
 The product arrived in good order , in a reasonable amount of time . It fits perfectly on my Nikon Rimfire 3-9x40 scope . The Amazon price was the deal-clincher .
 The lens cover by Butler creek is a perfect fit.You need to know what # will fit your scope.It is a great addition to keep my sight picture clear in all conditions.Rain is the primary issue here in the Pacific north west .
 I had some difficulty getting the sizes from the item listing for the 5 covers I ordered . Found this chart - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i really wanted to find a package of 3 or 4 on a good deal , but one that i 'd use all . i had no clue how would those numbers/pounds apply to me , so i went ahead and ordered this one , even that it was n't a big package deal.and i hit the jackpot .150 - perfect warm up for me - i can close it 20-25 times to `` click '' of the handles .200 - at first i could do 1 or 2 closes to `` click '' , now a week later i can do 8 closes to `` click '' . that 50lb difference actually feels double.a couple of months from now i 'd like to have a 250-pounder as well.i have small hands and i 'm not muscular , but i 'm good at arm-wrestling , so i consider myself average . from the 4 friends i let them try the 200 though only one could click it once . hope this gives you some idea what would be best for you .
 The trick is not to over do it . Or you will get tennis elbowGrips are very well built . I use the 150 for warm ups although if you are just starting i would get something much lighter . My grip strength improved significantly since i started using this product
 I ordered these for my husband and he 's really happy with them . he was getting tired of the ones in stores not being hard enough for him but these seem to be challenging .
 The hand grippers were purchased as a gift for my twenty something son . He found the 150 lb grips to be a practical exercise tool , but preferred the additional challenge of the 200 pounders . The extent of his grip increase was exposed when he invited his coworker fire fighters to try them out . They were well pleased with the 150 grippers , but found the 200 's were a one time only use ! Well , you know . Practice makes perfect . And I have a happy son ! Great purchase and holding up well .
 I got this set of grips -LRB- 150 and 200 lb . -RRB- at a great price , could n't resist . . they are not easy grippers . I can close the 150 only once . . not sorry I have them though , because I bought a 100 lb -LRB- which I can close at least 20 times -RRB- , to help work up to the other two . These grips are well made , they look to be basically lifetime exercise tools . The handles are knurled , good for not losing your grip . . a little rough on the skin , but I 'm sure I 'll get used to them , just need to toughen up my office worker hands ' skin a little . They work , do what they 're designed to , and they do it well - what more can you ask ? here 's a good video of these in action youtube.com/watch?v=dRLTBPxVL7k&NR=1
 This product was everything I expected . I started with the 150 lb resistance and was unable to squeeze it more than two times . Now I can do it over fifteen times -LRB- squeezing the handles completely together -RRB- . It does not seem to have lost any resistance either . I just began using the 200 lb gripper and it is very difficult but not as difficult as when I tried to use it before training with the 150 lb gripper . I also bought a gripper from the Hibbett sports store to compare and they are n't even close in terms of resistance . The heavy sports hand gripper also has the same rugged surface as an olympic bar , which is a plus in my book . I am very satisfied and plan on buying the 250lbs and 300lbs grippers in the next few months .
 These are high quality and definitely the best grip strengthening products available . I bought the 150 and 200 . Most should start with the 100 .
 If you are going into survival situations you should carry three methods of lighting fires . This is a good one . The ` match ' is a tube with a wick down the middle , when in the body of the lighter it wicks up fuel which it burns when you strike it on the flint on the side . Very useful for reaching into a stove or a fire , the Zippo lighter is n't designed for that sort of thing . Well worth the few bucks .
 This lighter seems to be well made . I like the reach the `` match stick '' part will give me with the wick material on the end . This should make lighting my propane stove at high altitude easier . The match is a little hard to light at first . I think this is due to lighter fluid on the striker . After a few seconds that evaporates and it lights every time . I did expect the container to hold more fluid than it does , but there is enough that it should still last a long time . The O ring on the `` match stick '' part seems to seal well and should keep the fluid in the lighter from evaporating .
 I 'm going to have to agree with Chris about this item . I purchased one eight months or so ago . I put lighter fluid in it and lit it a couple times then stuck it in the backpack . I have used it on two different occasions since then while camping and it worked perfectly . I just went and pulled it out of the backpack and it lit on the first try with the original lighter fluid in it.If you want something for everyday use I suppose a zippo or bic would be a better idea but if you are looking for a cheap , novel way to back up your fire starting capability I would recommend one of these . I would suggest having another flint and a magnesium fire starter in your backpack along with a couple of bic lighters .
 The item was good , however I ca n't seem to get it to light up . I must be doing something wrong .
 I read the instructions and it did not light with the kerosene it instructed on the printed back . Then I realized that this unit is based on the same principals of a `` Zippo flint lighter '' . So I went back to the store and got `` lighter Fuel '' , I hurried back home just to see it work ... the little guy worked !! Take your time filling it up . Well lited light needed to see the hole getting filled . It has cotton inside the container and it will absorb the liquid slowly . Wait a few seconds and continue to fill until it wo n't take anymore . so there you have it . For fixing information ... You may want to go by an auto store and get an O-Ring of the same size `` just in-case '' the one on it cracks in a few years and may have a problem sizing the old one since they do `` shrink '' in time . Use neuprene `` blue '' ones if they have them . synthetic O-Rings made for air-conditioners are best !!! for the long haul ! you may pay a dollar more . The magnesium bar is easy to get ! just take apart a AA `` dry-cell '' battery that is dead , and do it `` under-water '' and the center holds your precious rod ! cut it to size and superglue it back on ! . For the striker some of you are breaking with those rachet hands , . . Take the old one out that is still inside the tube carefully , add a spacer bar piece back in the tube first . Thats about the same size that broke , then add the old long piece back in . It should stick out far enough to smile again . No more crying about the little striker ! Be easy with it . I bought two of them ! I will take it to a gather and show it off . Well worth the price !!!! Donatillo Arteaga-Olivehurst , California
 this lights fairly easily once u get the rubber scratched off and get the hang of itthe flame is fairly big about 3in . tallfor the price this is a great product
 Nice product for cheap . I wish I could find them like this locally . I think this will add some flair to lighting a cigarette or cigar -LRB- or any particular illegal substances ;-RRB- , and it will make a nice conversation starter !
 I love the fact that I can get it lit -LRB- unlike matches -RRB- even in light blustery conditions and especially find comfort in the fact that I could have this laying around for a month unused and light right up -LRB- unlike Zippos that dry out/evaporate -RRB- . I even stripped it down to ultralight mode by removing the attractive outer stainless steel clip and metal lanyard -LRB- I replaced that with fishing line -RRB- . I carry it inside of my coin pouch along with my mini knife . The only problem that I currently have is that the metal striker tip for the flint recently broke and have no idea how to repair it or buy a replacement striker . So I 'm guessing I 'll have to buy a brand new one . Any help would be appreciated . I may just purchase `` the world 's smallest cigarette lighter '' that I saw on e-bay , made of all stainless steel and sealed with an O-ring .
 This is part of my survival kit . I have n't used it yet but believe it will do just fine when the time comes .
 My son is a USMC & also loves to collect knives ... I bought him this & he loves it , it 's actually one of his favorites!Perfect ! Thank You !!
 I have n't had a chance to use this helmet yet , it 's for 3 years and up and my daughter is only 1 . So be aware of that - if you are looking for a helmet for your BABY , this is not it.It does seem to be a nice helmet though and I know my baby girl will look cute in it in a few years .
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 Great buy , sweet value , very happy with their performance . Very light weight for easy transport but design keeps them in place during drills without sacrificing safety
 This product was exactly what expected . Had a set of these before and they are almost identical . If they hurt your hands , it 's because your hands are SOFT . Of course they 're going to hurt your hands if your not use to gripping metal . Do n't let that scare you . They make your grip strength like an alligator 's jaws !
 Pictures do not do this clock justice . It is a very beautiful piece . Very heavy for it 's size and definitely a quality piece that will last a lifetime and be able to be passed down to future generations . Has a very pleasant nautical chime which is not too harsh and not too quiet - just right and love to hear it . It is good to see an item of this quality when so many other items nowadays are disposable - ths is definitely one that you will keep forever . Could n't be happier with it . Apparently Weems Plath has been making precision marine navigation items since the early 1900 's - I would beleive it . This is no throwaway item . Brass color in picture a bit muted compared to the real thing .
 This clock is a good buy . It has a solid , well-finished , shiny brass case with screw-on bezel -LRB- for access to a battery - operated quartz movement -RRB- and an electronic bell ring.This was a good find for me , for a replacement of my 35-yr . old windup , 8-day Salem ships-bell clock that finally `` gave up the ship '' and could n't be repaired for lack of parts . Except for not having the louder resonant ring of my old clock , this is very nice . And I do n't have to wind it once a week!Weems & Plath Ship 's Wheel Collection Bell ClockWeems & Plath Ship 's Wheel Collection Bell Clock
 I bought two of these ten years ago , and they are the best . Still good after all these years . And I disagree that they are too roomy -- they have fit me perfectly .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 Item came to my house in a timely manor and took about 30 seconds to install . I have n't gone to the range yet but the sight is a big improvement over the original .
 i received this product and it contained easy to follow instructions . I assume the clarity of the instructions were due to the terrific and constructive criticism found among these reviews . Even a fumble fingered aging dolt like me had the revolver up and running in a matter of minutes . In the right light I can now mow down the broadsides of barns with relentless precision . A decided improvement over the original sights as has been attested to by better reviewers and better shots than me . Thanks Guys !
 This sight did not disappoint me . It performed every bit as well as I hoped it would . It was very easy to install . I had read some reviews on installing it before , however . I even changed from red to green at the range ; it 's that simple . It is a lot better than the plain black ramp stock sight . A fellow S&W shooter that had a red insert in his ramp ; is now going to purchase a HiViz . I plan on buying more for some of my other guns .
 This is the 3rd Hi Viz sight I have bought , one for my Kimber , one from my Ruger MK2 , and now my GP100 . This was the easiest to change by far , and for whatever reason , seems to be the best as far as improvements in groupings . Makes a world of difference to these aging eyes !
 I 've read a lot of reviews before purchasing this sight for my Ruger GP100 4 '' . Like everyone here , I too love my Ruger GP100 4 '' but the factory sights suck . I wish they would at least paint it white or put a red dot but anyway I am very happy with my purchase of the Hi-Viz fiber optic sights . Sight acquisition is now quick and easy after installation . Installation is cinch ; press in the front button at the muzzle end with a wooden dowel or punch to release the spring that holds down the front sight and slide the factory sight out and insert Hi-Viz . You 're up and running in no time . Last thing to mention , it does come with variety of color tubes but like most people comment here , I like the red insert that ships from factory.Thank you Amazon for great product and price .
 Bright red dot is far superior to the stock black post . The glowing dot draws your eye right to the front sight . It is much less expensive than a real night sight . Well worth getting for any daytime or indoor shooting .
 These are awesome ! Much better than the iron sites . Get it as it comes with several colors so you can find the color that works for you . Great when at indoor ranges .
 This sight was so easy to put on my Ruger GP100 6 '' Revolver . I really notice a difference during the daylight , makes sighting in easy now.My groups tightened up from 4 '' at 25 yards to just under 3 '' at the same distance . I have cataracts that are n't quite bad enough to get surgery on yet and the HiViz was so much better than the standard black sight .
 I find this sight to be a great improvement over the stock front sight . Will probably order a rear sight also .
 I found this sight easy to install - just push back the pin and drop in - although , I did find other comments here very useful for the installation . Once installed , it locked into place . I swapped in the green light tube which appeared brighter than the red.Unload your revolver before messing with it . Then , check again.At the range , I had no overhead light - just the light from the target and very dim ambient light ; yet the green dot was clearly visible and I was able to acquire the target quickly.You ca n't beat the price compared to the tritium night sights which provide their own illumination . Highly recommended .
 I love my Ruger GP100 revolver , but the stock front sight is terrible . It is a uniform dark color that is hard to see except in bright light . I purchased the Hi Viz fiber optic front sight to replace it.Instructions for installing the sight are printed on the cardboard back of the package it comes in . Installation is very easy
 I 've been firing the Ruger GP100 with the factory provided front sights for over 15 years . As both a gunsmith and firearms instructor I must admit that the HiViz front sight insert makes a world of difference . The fiber optic lights up like search beacon and your eyes are automatically drawn exactly where they should be ; to the front sight ! You pick up the sights quicker , you pick up the target quicker , and consequently your rounds are down range faster and more accurately , as long as you do your part behind the gun . Al the light bars work well , but I chose the red fiber optic on mine . Installation was under 10 seconds and unless you use your gun as substitute for a hammer they should last various lifetimes . They work , they 're easy to install , and they are inexpensive ; What 's not to like ?
 My GP100 came with a plain black serrated ramp front sight . I had trouble ascertaining my front sight quickly . I shopped for night sights , but no-one makes affordable ones for this model . I settled on this fiber optic.Installation was a piece of cake . It was as close to drop-in as I could want.It 's worth noting that you actually only get three colors of tubes
 The GP100 is a great revolver with plenty of stopping power . The sights however , leave something to be desired - especially if you are in a darker area when shooting . The dark factory sights tend to blend against the background , providing a poor sight picture when aiming . The HiViz fiber optic sight eliminates this problem . The replacement sight drops right in , without any gun modifications . Depress the detent at the barrel end to remove the factory sight and drop the HiViz right in . That 's all there is to it , and you 're ready to improve your aim immediately .
 Excellent product . Little overpriced , but easy to install and makes front sight aquisition very natural . My `` mid-life '' eyes really like it !
 Easy to install and change optics . This is a 100 % improvement over factory sight .
 This sight was great . It took about 60 seconds to install . The only tool I used was the catch on my belt buckle to depress the plunger . Once it was it stalled it was a world of difference . I took it deer hunting this year and most of the days were raining or overcast , the thing looked like it was plugged into a wall .
 Despite being a younger shooter with good eyes , I still struggled with the factory sights on my Ruger GP100 . The flat black blade was unnecessarily difficult to acquire in my sight picture . This is exactly what I wanted it to be . Installation took about four minutes and the difference is night and day . Unless you want to drop serious coin for actual night sights , this is perfect .
 Arrived in just a couple of days with free shipping . Installed easily and fit perfectly!Great addition to a good gun .
 I have a GP1000 and it was a snap to install and made a huge difference over my stock site .
 I put this on my wife 's Ruger 357 . Easy change out , makes targeting fast and accurate . If they make one for your gun , I highly recommend .
 This add on sight exceeded my expectations . Very simple install and it fits pefectly onto the gun . I have HiViz on several long guns but the first time purchasing and installing a handgun front blade . Works great .
 This is one great sight . It greatly improves the sight picture . One big item too , is that it is a snap to install on the GP . It took me longer to remove it from the packaging material than it did to install on the gun . Good price for a necessary upgrade !
 Installed this on my Davidson 5 &#34; . I first tried the Ruger red painted ramp sight and my tired old eyes did n't do much better than with the stock black sight . Installed this sight and now I can see the front sight very well . Glad I got it .
 My older eyes just could ` nt see the stock black sights on my Ruger GP100 anymore . . I decided to try these and they work great , I can pick up the front sight so much faster and my accuracy has greatly improved . . Very easy to install , just push the pin in thats under the muzzle end of barrel and slide out old sight and slide in new . . Fit is perfect , snug and secure . . I 've put a couple hundred rounds thru the gun so far without incident . . Slides in and out of leather holster smoothly . Comes with 5 inserts including 1 solid white a holder and small tool to change them out easily . . Ca n't say enough good about these , I highly recommend . .
 This is extremely easy to install -LRB- on a GP100 -RRB- and is much more visible that stock sights . It helps my older eyes focus tightly on the front sight . Fiber optic sights do n't seem as sturdy to me , but I have several and have n't broken any yet .
 very easy to change , took like 2 minutes . that 's great , makes a lot easier to shoot with a brighter sight .
 Like night and day between the original factory front sight on my Ruger GP-100 and the HiViz . Worth every cent . Installation was no problem , 2 minutes max . Even with twilight light levels it can still be seen , far better than factory sight . Do n't hesitate .
 I purchased this item on the recomendation of my son . as you know a Ruger GP100 is a very acurate gun with any sights . It was very easy to install , it makes the gun more enjoyable to shoot because of the sight picture , as sny shooter should know the front sight is most important , this gives a great sight picture . I highly recomend these to any one with a GP100 , also Amazon had the lowest price i could find anyware , and they paid the shipping costs , WHAT A DEAL .
 The stock front sight on the rugar GP100 leave a lot to be desired , this front sight sropped in in less that a minute and makes target acquistion a thousand times better , order it if you own this gun or one similar , you will not be dissapointed
 I bought this sight for my Ruger GP100 . By itself , the pistol is a lot of fun to shoot . I thought the factory sights were adequate . But I thought I 'd try these sights , based on recommendations . I am glad I did . These sights really jump out at you . Target acquisition is much easier , and therefore , much faster . A lot of my shooting is at a poorly lit indoor range , so these sights are a great help . Installation is a breeze , and I hope that they are as rugged and reliable as expected .
 Excellent sights ! These sights light up when there is any amount of light in the shooting area . They will not help indoors or in dark lighting conditions . But for range shooting or plinking in the daytime , these sights provide almost instant target acquisition . So much better than the stock sights of the GP100 . Installation takes less than a minute with a small screwdriver or appropriate tool .
 once installed it drastically increased my accuracy , I liked it so well that I ordered 2 more for other pistols , the only con to this is that it is possible to break the fiber optic sight but it comes equiped with more fiber optic tubes in its own carry case and having the access to purchasing more for good measure is easily available .
 I can not say enough good things about these sights . My old one was just a black metal site . Hard to spot and line up . These make lining up the sites a BREEZE ! They were SUPER easy to put on and came with about 5 replacements . -LRB- Red , greenish-yellow and white -RRB- I will buy these for all my guns in the future . The sights are bright and VERY easy to spot , even in low light .
 I ordered this sight to replace the stock sight on my Ruger GP100 . After ordering and installing a fiber-optic sight from another company for my Ruger 10/22 that proved to be sub-par at best , my expectations were low . However , after replacing the GP100 stock sight with the HiViz sight , I was so impressed with the visibility , directions , and accessories , that I am ordering another sight set from this company for my Ruger 10/22 ! The sight came with good instructions for replacing the stock sight with the new one , as well as for switching out the light-pipes . It also came with 5 spare light pipes of various colors all of which I found to be very bright -LRB- except for the white-dot one , which is not fiber-optic -RRB- . The difference in visibility between the HiViz sight and the stock sight was quite literally `` night-and-day . The visibility difference was amazing . I then switched the light pipe from the stock red one to one of the green ones , and was impressed by the ease of the procedure , and by the brightness of it as well . I also really liked the rotary case that was provided to store the extra light-pipes in , and the chain that they provided to tether the light-pipe replacement key to it ... all for the same price as the crappy 10/22 sights I got from the other company that came with no accessories what-so-ever . I would definitely recommend this sight to anyone who wants to give their Ruger GP100 an extra edge . -LRB- P.S.
 Quick and Dirty ReviewDescriptionHi-Viz sight pack.ProsWorks very well in medium to high light situations.ConsSo , so performance in low light.Hard to change light pipes.Little difficult to install first time if you have never done it before .
 this thing comes with multiple colors , very nicely done and it comes with the tools you need to install it . I really liked how much easier it is to see the target with it . definitely a must have upgrade for your GP100 .
 This was an excellent value and fit my GP100 revolver perfectly . Very easy to install and to change colored tubes . It really shows up well , much better to sight in than original black sight . Recommend it .
 I 'd love to add something profound to the other reviews , but there just is n't anything left . I have to have 20 words , but do n't feel obligated to read them.An earlier comment said the instructions did n't come with the item . They do now , on the card the parts are `` bubbled '' to -- and they 're very clear and easy to understand.I installed it in about five minutes , three of which were spent fighting with the bubble pack . I tried the sight and the only place I could n't see it was a very dark hallway , where a laser sight is about all that 's going to work.Enjoy your new sight . If you have n't ordered one , put it in your budget and do it .
 I got this since it was inexpensive and seemed easy enought to swap the sight out.Visibility is much better with this fiber optic , and it 's extremely simple to swap the sight out.Seems durable enough , held up with the magnum rounds just fine.No reason to not try it out .
 Product was received in a timely fashion and was as advertised . I think I will really enjoy using this sighting system .
 This sight really makes it easy to pick up the target . Easy installation on my GP100 , sight really stands out now . Highly recommend this .
 got it fast.fit like a glove.made a big difference in sight aquization . a lot more than expected . and easy to install .
 The simplest sight replacement I 've ever done , and what a huge difference it makes compared with the black factory ramp sight on my GP100 . Even indoors the red optic pops , and outside it is impossible to miss . Have n't tried changing the color tubes yet but that seems simple enough .
 I purchased this sight to replace the stock sight that came with my GP100 4 '' revolver . I have to say that a good deal of attention was paid when designing and producing this product . The installation is simple as pie - while the instructions here are helpful they were clearly on the back of the package . . a video showing how to do it would have been better but its not necessary really.The piece is metal and the light pipes are sturdily made . They lock into place with a small spring lever just under the pipe which locks behind the shape of the pipe itself . The little key that comes with the piece simply slides underneath the pipe and depresses the lever allowing you to push out the part.This is a quality part that easily matches the high quality of the revolver . You wo n't be disappointed . . but NOTE.This will NOT fit the 3 '' version of the GP100 . That sight is only a small blade , this product is the entire dovetailed sight . A gunsmith is NOT needed to add this to your firearm . It sits at the same level as your original factory part so your present holsters should have no problems if you 're not already experiencing issues.For this price you simply ca n't go wrong . Target acquisition after installation is notably faster .
 Exactly as promised . The new sight picture is better than anticipated . I would highly recommend this product to anyone . Delivered on time and definitely worth the price
 Difference in sights is like night and day.The extra light pipes and storage case were a great addition.Great product .
 This was exactly what I needed to improve my Ruger GP100 . Everything about the revolver was wonderful except the sight . After looking over the various options , a friend recommended that I consider putting a Fiber Optic sight on instead of a luminescent one given its use as a field gun . I am very happy I listened.Other posters have expressed confusion about how to install or how to replace the light tubes . Hi-Viz must have changed the packaging since then , because the directions are now written on the back . It took less than 30 seconds to change the sight and the change is drastic .
 Hiviz is an excellent sight . Gets you on target fast.The multiple colors provided lets you adjust it to your likings .
 In a dimly lit range with dark targets , and the dark original sights it was frequently difficult to quickly pick up the front sight quickly . This sighting set allows you chose among 5 lit -LRB- fiber optic rods in multiple colors -RRB- and one opaque white rod . I chose the green rod , and it has made a huge difference in my sight aquisition and accuracy.And installation could n't be any easier -- I paid someone else to do it with the money I saved over buying it at a gun shop . ; - -RRB-
 Just installed on my Ruger GP100 , and am very pleased . Quality is great , installation was easy , and make sighting down range to the bullseye so much easier . Highly recommended .
 Got the sights promptly and quickly put them on , they work great . Better than factory sights that I had tried painting , was n't happy with the paint . Yes I recomend these and will purchase again if there is ever a need .
 I would definitely recommend this over the stock sight that comes with the gun.The sight installs easily and tight into the gun . Definitely improves seeing the front sight picture , even in semi-low light conditions it 's improved . Definitely an improvement at a good cost.The ` tab ' sent with it for changing out the optic colors , is inserted into the side of the sight under the optic -LRB- to depress a spring -RRB- and then had to poke it out from the front end to get it to loosen , and then was able to slide it right out . Instructions are not clear at all on this.Does come with a small case to keep the different colored optics in , which is a definitely plus .
 This is a great product . Installation is very simple and very quick . The sight pipes are very bright and work very well with the white outline rear sight ... much , much better than the white on white of the original factory sights . I like the red sight best for bright lighting conditions and the green for low light . Changing the pipes is very easy . Would definitely recommend this product for anyone with tired old eyes like mine .
 Excellent upgrade to existing front sight on my 6 '' blued gp100 -LRB- gp161 -RRB- . Quick installation , it took longer to get the packaging open than to remove the original front sight and slide the new one in . My newer packaging includes instructions for removal of the sight rods , and this is an easy switch . The organization drum -LRB- for storing unused figer optic rods -RRB- that comes with the sight is also convenient and easy to use . All in all an excellent choice I would recommend to anyone with original sights , as the uniform color makes for a difficult sight picture sometimes .
 I would give it a 9 out of 10 . Very easy install and great product . I would think it would be a much better product with grow in the dark optics . Also , do not drop your gun . The first thing that would break is the sights !
 A Huge upgrade for a gp100 revolvers ' original black front sight . Comes with multiple light pipes in fluorescent colors and a small tool to change them out so be careful not to throw out the extra little pieces in the package . Even comes with a rotary storage unit for the pipes . Easy to install , a sturdy unit and makes picking up your target much quicker especially in low light conditions or against a dark background . A must have for gp100 owners .
 Picked this up from Amazon with Super-Saver shipping for $ 28.00 to my door . Hard to beat ! In low light conditions it does a good job and makes target acquisition really quick . On the GP100 it is a 20 second job pushing in on the spring loaded catch and removing the front sight . The fiber optic pipes can be changed from red , green , yellow or white . I like the green best so far and love the sight . Take it off for cleaning and re-install after ! Beats the crap out of the expensive Mepro or Trijicon sights .
 I recently purchased the Hi-Viz sight for my GP 100 , and I ca n't say enough of how much that I like this thing . The sight picture is much improved over the factory sights . The service and price are hard to beat . Got free 1 day shipping and that made my decision for me . Once again a fan of the site and the sight .
 This thing rocks ! My ruger was accurate with the factory black front sight , but is scarry accurate now ! The front sight pops and is easy to differentiate from the target , eaven in low light
 I found that I had developed a profound preference for bright green front fiber optics sights after purchasing some of my other Rugers with them already on . Case in particular was a Ruger MK III Hunter w / a 6.875 '' barrel that came with these in interchangeable colors , red & green . The red was nice , but I found the bright green better for me . My GP-100 4.2 '' just had regular sights & I knew this would be a great improvement . The HiViz sight fit perfect , took less than 30 seconds to change , & came with red , green & opaque -LRB- white -RRB- light tubes . This gives you several options & the tubes change easily & quickly , plus you have spares if you somehow damage what you are using . You get 3 red , 3 green & 1 opaque in a small storage container with a changing tool I think this should be a standard setup most firearms & I am also using them on some of my long guns .
 Installed on my GP100 and I have to say , improves the gun and it 's quick to grab the front sight now . The only downfall of the ruger would have to be its plain black sights and this is a must , made in USA too !
 I have no idea why Ruger bothered to put the black front sight on their .357 Magnum GP-100 revolver . The only thing I can think of is longevity since the stock steel sight is built like a tank , just like the rest of the gun itself.On to the HiViz sight . It comes with replacement fiber optic tubes , some red , some green , some white , and I think a yellow one . I do n't quite remember because I only use the red and green . The sight itself is made of steel , which all but eliminates unintentional destruction of the sight -LRB- unless you use your gun as a hammer , which arguably could be done with the GP-100 without significant damage -LSB- of course I 'm joking -RSB- -RRB- . The fiber optic tubes themselves , being not steel , are destructible and after about a thousand rounds of full-powered Fiocchi .357 Magnum , my first one pretty much melted off . It was easy enough to replace.I am also confident that should I run out of fiber optic replacement tubes -LRB- unlikely as I no longer shoot the gun as much as I used to -RRB- , I could easily use the tube-less front sight as a temporary sight . It actually looks better than the stock black on black sight that the gun comes with.Both red and green tubes capture light very easily and also enhance low-light aiming . This is a must-have for every single GP-100 out there . Why the heck does n't Ruger just make these stock on their guns ? It 's only another 30 bucks for crap 's sake .
 Easy to install and makes shooting a delight . Sure beats the orginal sight that came on the hand gun . Will order again from this company .
 I put this on a RugerGP100 and it is great . Also comes with additional color fiber optics to replace depending on your shooting light condition . Some colors work better than others in different lighting conditions . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Easy to install and replace . Comes with red and green pipe lights . Outdoor shooting is best where the sights improve target acquisition . It sure is a plus as opposed to the factory grey iron front sight .
 I absolutely love this sight . Very easy to see in high or low lighting . I find myself able to lock onto my target much quicker .
 I 've had a 4 '' stainless GP-100 for a few years now . It 's an older model that came with a plain black set of sights . I put some bright model paint on the front sight and it helped a lot . However , now I wish I 'd skipped that and used this from day 1 . Installation is really easy . I just used a punch to push down on the plunger holding the old sight , tipped it out , and dropped the new one in . No fitting required , and it feels nice and solid . It 's a little wider than the front sight , but there 's still room for light on either side to center it.It 's a huge improvement over both the stock sight and my model paint . I have n't tried to change the insert ; the red one comes installed . It 's a nice bright dot . When lit up it 's far , far brighter than a tritium dot . Personally , I think it 's better than a 3-dot set up . That 's really personal preference , though.If you have a GP-100 , do yourself a favor and get this upgrade .
 This is a must have for GP100 frame owners , it takes less than a minute to install , easy to change colors -LRB- I tried the green but found I like the red better -RRB- , great product , makes sighting so much easier , best money you will ever spend !!!
 Adding this sight has made a big difference in honing in on the target much faster . I would get this again and suggest everyone to add this item to their gun .
 I 'd just like to start this out by saying , `` Yes this item fits super redhawk , redhawk and gp100 model rugers as they are all interchangeable , I have all 3 '' . As for me and amazon , I simply love this relationship we share , I give them a little amount of money and they give me great service and quality merchandise !
 The black ramp Ruger puts on their GP100 provides zero contrast against the black rear sight & is just plain horrid when trying to aim at dark targets.I use the green fiber optic on an indoor range and it really catches my eye . Shows up well against targets whether they 're light or dark in color . I 've tried the red but do n't find it bright enough . Though it might work better in the bright sun outdoors -- have n't tried that yet . In any case , you can easily swap for which ever color Lite Pipe you prefer.With a handgun you 're supposed to focus on the front sight , and a sight that stands out like a beacon allows you to do so.If you 're going to use iron sights this is an excellent choice .
 the site is good , very easy install , just remove the old one by pulling the site while pressing on the pin that is located at the tip of the end of the barrel , and snap this one . comes with few fiber optic inserts , but it seems that the red one is the best to use ...
 This was so easy to install on my Ruger GP100 revolver . No special tools needed , just press in the small release button in the hole above the exit end of the barrel . Also easy to change the color of the sight -LRB- comes wtih red , green and white -LRB- but the white does n't glow like the red and green -RRB- . When you go to change the color , keep in mind that you have the little tool -LRB- flat plastic thing -RRB- that comes with . Use that to press down under the colored plastic cylinder , then pust the light pipe out -LRB- -LRB- backwards I think ? -RRB-
 I have a gp100 and this is the best thing you can buy for this gun . In fact I think I will put sights like this one on all my guns .
 I love my Ruger GP100 , but shooting in an indoor range against a black backdrop was tough with the factory front blade sight . This HiViz sight was a snap to install , and it has hugely improved the sight picture on my revolver .
 This item works very well for what it is . Its not a $ 100 tritium night sight , all it does is capture ambient light and reflect it to make your front sight easier to acquire . You still wo n't see it in complete darkness , but compared to the stock black sight blade that rulers ship with , this is 1000 times better . I like it enough that I ordered another for my 2nd GP100.This item also comes with a little carrying case for storing the spare rods -LRB- yellow , white , green , red , etc -RRB- and a small tool for changing the rods -LRB- no directions but its pretty apparent how it works if you look at the sight -RRB- . Just slide the tool between the sight body and the rod and use one of the spare rods to push the rod out of the sight housing . To instal the new rod just slide it in .
 If you have a GP100 do yourself a favor and get this . It 's excellent USA made quality , excellent value , and the visibility of the GP100 's stock sight is not good .
 The sights have made my time at the range a lot more enjoyable and productive . I am able to see targets with dark backgrounds now . It took me about 10 mins to fiddle around with installing the sites , and then all of a sudden they dropped in . The package also included many replacement sights in different colors .
 The package I was sent includes 2 red , 3 yellow , once clear , and one magenta optic fiber.very nice ! thanks .
 If you carefully read the instructions written in these reviews on how to install this sight , it installs in seconds and one of the easiest , quickest , and best improvements you can make to your GP-100 . The trick is to depress the little sight release under the barrel with a punch . The old sight basically snaps out and the new sight snaps into place . Easy and fast ! :--RRB- Highly recommended !
 The Hi-Viz sight is a terrific , inexpensive simple design . It 's very easy to install on the Ruger GP-100 revolver . It 's a great improvement over the Ruger factory sight . With any ambient light the fiber rod glows making it quicker to position the dot between the dovetails and on target ...
 This is a perfect replacement for the stock front sight . I like the variety of light tubes . the installation was easy , just make sure not to destroy the instructions that come with it . They are printed on the back of the package .
 Got the sight in yesterday , installed in less than a minute . It 's a major improvement over the stock sight just as everyone else has stated . Buy it ! You ca n't go wrong with it .
 Got the HiViz sight in and was able to install it in literally 2 minutes . It looks great and functions as it should . The part is higher quality than I expected it to be and the sight is 100 % better than the factory black sight . I highlu recommend this product . You just cant beat the value .
 Super easy to install on the GP100-just depress the standard plunger and insert . The kit came with more replacment lite pipe options than I expected -LRB- white , yellow , green , orange , pink -RRB- in addition to the red . I will probably only replace it with the green , but its nice to have more to test out.I left the red in and it instantly pops when you acquire your target . the height of it felt slightly higher than the standard blade sight on the GP , but the measurements look exactly the same ... only time on the range will tell.Overall appears to be a great product - cost was reasonable as well . Amazon Prime is the best .
 Hands down this is the single best upgrade that I 've made to my GP100 revolver . The factory front iron site simply was n't getting the job done especially in the woods and low light conditions . It now takes zero seconds to line up a shot no matter what lighting conditions I find myself in . This sight is a must for anybody who uses their Magnum ! Also the different colors are nice to have but I prefer the red .
 a must for the GP100 , vast improvement over stock target sights , bright and easy to locate . Ca n't beat the price either .
 I 'm really glad I bought this . The front sight from the factory was n't bad , but it was n't easy to see in the low-light conditions of an indoor range . I understand that it is not considered a `` night-sight '' but the color makes it easier to pick out -LRB- and focus on -RRB- when shooting.Mine came with the red color tube installed in it , and I have not attempted to switch it out with any of the other color tubes , so I ca n't review that part , but I will say that swapping the whole sight with the original one was really easy -LRB- even for me ! -RRB- . Also enhanced the overall appearance of the revolver in my opinion .
 This sight is a great deal considering how expensive other options are . Even in low light conditions I can still easily acquire my front sight for a sure shot . I could not be happier with this addition to my GP-100 . The installation took under a minute and was simple . I highly recommend this product .
 This sight works exactly as advertised . You do need some mechanical ability to put it on . You have to use a punch to remove the factory sight . After that , this sight snaps right into place . The shooting range I frequent is pretty dark , and it was very difficult to see the front factory sight . The HiViz sight is 100 % better . It 's well worth the price and I highly recommend it .
 As if the dozens of other of reviews are n't convincing enough for you , just get it . This sight is cheap , takes literally seconds to install and is head and shoulders better than the factory sights . There 's not much else I can say . This one is a no brainer .
 Mounts right onto the receiver . Can see the iron sights . Sturdy as hell . Comes with everything but a screwdriver to screw the thing on . Excellent product .
 This fit right up no problem , i used a little bit of blue loctite , and bam good tight fit . I have the Simmons 3-9x32 22 Mag scope . Works great !
 These mounts are very rugged and secure . However , they are not the most precision mounts . To zero my scope at 50 yards , I had to use all but 2 clicks of my elevation adjustment . So I had to shim the mount to get the scope more centered . I hate having to shim scopes to make up for poor design or manufacturing because they put stress on the scope tubes . But considering these mounts were only 12 bucks , I 'll cut it some slack and still give them 4 stars.If anyone is curious , I am using this with a large 3-9x40 scope and the iron sights are still functional . A larger 50mm scope would probably block the view of the iron sights . But then again , why anyone would want to mount a 50mm on a 22 is beyond me . A 40mm is plenty for my 50 year old eyes .
 Great for the 10-22 . Easy install and fits the pre drilled holes in the firearm great . Only complaint was the one screw kit had one extra , so hope someone didnt get one less .
 Excellent detailed , but easy to follow , installation instructions . Two installation choices to accomodate various scope placements . Great quality , perfect fit and finish matches the scope well .
 Ordered these from Amazon received W/I 3-4 days . Came factory sealed . However , package contained two front mounts not one front / one rear . This is not Amazon 's fault however , Amazon Customer Service was Great ! They apologized even though they were n't at fault . They immediately sent a replacement free of charge ! Received that W/I 3 days . Had the mounts and a scope mounted by a gunstore dept. employee . Shot my rifle on two different occasions and two screws came out of two top rings of the mount . Do n't know if it 's due to the employee not tightening the screws enough or if the screws are not long enough . There are no nuts or anything to tighten the screws . This is only reason for four stars . No big deal . However , Kudos to Amazon ! Should also mention that I reported the original incident to Weaver and it took a week for them to respond however , they would have made good on replacing the item also .
 Pros : - Light - Allows you to acquire iron sights on your 10/22 while having a scope mounted - Medium-High mounting allows for scopes with a wide frontCons : - I 'm not a fan of each ring having 4 screws to hold the scope . It 's probably more stable/lighter that way versus 1 thick piece with only 2 screws , but I did n't like having to place 8 screws to just mount the scope - As you can see in the picture , one of the screw holes can only be accessed by feeding your screwdriver through the hole in the upper section , thus limiting how robust of a screwdriver you can use on that screw . This , I 'm fairly confident , lead to a subpar mounting job and my rings eventually came loose and the scope started wobbling . Had to go out and buy a new screwdriver and some blue locktite to do the job rightNot as sexy/flexible as mounting a picatinny rail with weaver rings , but it is lighter and you can acquire iron sights through them .
 good as it gets for over/undersights . I got these for my 10/22 and they were better than I expected . Slapped a scope on the top , zeroed in and she 's ready . I would definitely order them again if I need more of them in the future .
 Great product solves the problem of losing your iron sights . Very satisfied with product quality and overall fit . Although one screw was a little long and caused my bolt to jam easy fix though .
 Holding up real well , looks great on the Ruger 10/22 . Nice build quality , I think they are big bang for the buck and would buy again without hesitation .
 they look great , put them on my Ruger 10/22 , added a scope and am able to use the iron sights.got them quickly
 As usual some people who have no idea try to give these a bad rap.These are great for the price.For the guy who has a 10-22 from 1980 what do you expect.So all morons quit crying and leave the reviews to intelligent people.I would not want to even be near any of you when you have a loaded gun , that is just scary .
 The Weaver mounts allow the use of the scope and the iron sights . Does n't get much better than that.Definitely would recommend this product .
 I would recommend this to anyone looking for steel mounts with line of sight to iron sights . This particular mount was purchased to mount a scope on a Ruger 10/22 Takedown and it does not disappoint at all as transition from scope to sights is perfect .
 perfect fit for ruger 10/22 holes perfectly placed solid construction good hardware , flathead so u dont have to worry about allen screws stripping out .
 I mounted this and a four power scope on my 10/22 about 30 rounds ago . It made it easy to sight my scope in since I can see my iron sights , as well . It has worked great because for some closer things , it is easier to just use the iron sights .
 I 'm very pleased with these mounts . I put the Barska 22 scope on it and it really made a nice improvement over the BB gun scope I had on my rifle in the past . Should 've got this a long time ago . Highly recommend .
 I had these rings mounted in about 5 mins on my 10/22 with a sweet 22 plinker . Nice clean fit on the scope and the see throughs are wide and clear . Easy to install and good quality . Does n't make the scope sit to high . I can easily use the scope or iron sites with little eye adjustment .
 These hold the scope at the right height for the Ruger 10/22 . Take off the existing part that come with the rifle and these goe on easy
 Installed in about 5 min . Mounted up very easily and theyre sturdy . Full access to factory iron sights . Shipped via USPS and arrived 4 days after ordering . These are the exact same See Thru Scope mounts sold here for a few dollars more . Cant believe no one got these ones instead of the other ones ... Anyway I have included a couple pics so you can see for yourself that you can still use your iron sights just fine .
 If you want to maintain the use of your sights without having to remove the scope , these are the rings for you . No rail needed . They mount directly to the top of the receiver . 1 '' diameter rings fit the Nikon ProStaff , Weaver and Leupold VX-1 scopes . These rings also allow you to store the receiver with scope attached in the carrying case . -LRB- Yes , it fits as long as you don ' t go beyond a 10 '' scope or so -RRB-
 Thanks goes to the other reviewer for posting a pic of what these look like . I got them mounted on my new 10/22 and now am easily able to use the Barska 3-9x32 scope or the iron sights on the rifle . I really like the wide viewing area for the iron sights these give . These were exactly what I wanted and I 'm glad I found them here .
 You should keep in mind those rings are for 10/22 onlyand you should not be planning to use them on other rifles.It took a little bit more time than I expected to receive it after I placed order , but this is not an issue.To attach rings to your rifle you will have to remove your original rail -LRB- if you have any -RRB- . The fact you have to work 8 screws and 4 physical rings on small .22 caliber is kind of annoying , but mechanically 4 rings should do better than 2 . It perfectly fits 10/22 TD.You can clearly see iron sights through it.No problems with sighting in scope -LRB- Nikon 3-9 Rimfire -RRB- . I took it to the range today and can not say anything negative after 200 rounds .
 Fit my 10/22 perfectly and hold the scope motionless very well . Kinda tough with big fingers and all those little screws but well worth the time and effort . I liked them so well , I have a set of stainless ones on order for my stainless 10/22 .
 These mounts fit directly to the 10/22 receiver without the adapter Ruger supplies . I found that this was imperative if you wanted the ability to use both the scope & open sights , as a high mount on the adapter does NOT work -- the base blocks the open sights . Fit perfectly & holds the BSA 3-9 x 40 securely . Now I have want I wanted on this superb firearm . This is a Sports South exclusive edition that is stainless steel with a full length Mannlicher black/grey laminated stock -- simply stunning & shoots sub 1 &#34; groups @ 100 yards .
 Good price , great product . I did n't even need to use a sealant to keep it on tight , no wiggle on the scope and keeps a center well even with my ruger 10/22 takedown . BTW , you can see through the rings to the front sight perfectly . Much better than the AccuShot rings which do NOT work on my takedown .
 Easy to install , works great on my Ruger 10/22 . I like the fact that you can use your iron sights on the rifle as well as the ` scope .
 Mounts are high quality , fits flush right on the rifle without the rail.I lost a screw , wrote an email to Weaver , they sent me two extra screws in the mail and no charge.I 'll be supporting this company from now .
 Probably the best scope mounts you can get for the 10/22 . They look great , they allow you to use your open sights , and they are about as rigid as you 're ever going to need for this gun . I 'm completely satisfied on this purchase . Highly recommended !
 I got these because :1 . I wanted to use my iron sights and my scope .2 . They costed about 1/3 what some other mounts cost that do the same thing .3 . They mount directly to the receiver , removing the `` middle-man '' . SOME NOTES ABOUT FINAL OBJECTIVE LENS SIZE.I 'm using these mounts with a BSA Sweet 22 3-9X40 scope.The larger 40mm objective gives me a bit of space over my iron sights.This bit of space still works , but with a smaller objective lens there will be more space to see under the scope.I do n't recommend these for use with 40mm and with 50mm you wo n't get the use of the iron sights at all .
 I bought these rings for my Ruger 10/22 as I wanted to still be able to use the Iron Sights.These are Great for allowing this and they even have 4 individual points to hold the scope in place.Great Rings at a Great Price
 Very nice scope rings for a .22 rifle . Little on the high side , but that may just be personal preference . Comes with 9 -LRB- 8 + 1 spare -RRB- long screws for mounting the scope to the rings , and 5 -LRB- 4 +1 spare -RRB- short screws for mounting the ring base to the receiver . Note that you do not need to have a rail for these .
 just received my mounts for my ruger 10/22 today and they seem to be a good quality mount ... looks good too ... put a simmons 3-9x40 scope on it and clearance is perfect for iron sight use ...
 Arrived in good shape and I was pleasantly surprised of the quality . Mounting was straight forward , though I do n't understand the two-piece straps . !! MAKE SURE YOU USE YOUR GUN-TIGHT ON ALL SCREWS !! Used to mount a Simmon 's 3-9X30 scope on my 10/22 . Plenty of clearance to gain an open sight FOV .
 Lots of little screws to lose , and it takes a bit of fiddling to mount the scope in it . Once installed , it performs well and gives you a clear view of your original sights . The scope rides pretty high , but I 've gotten used to it . Definitely worth the price .
 All I wanted was a good fit for my scope on my 10-22 that also allows me to use the iron sights . These work perfectly . Installation took longer than necessary because you really need to find a long and extremely narrow screwdriver to tighten one of the screws on each ring due to the design . Other than that , it works , holds my scope tight and allows me to use the iron sights .
 These scope mounts give you a great view of your iron sights and have a great dual locking system for your scope and the slant on one side allows you to alternate widely between eye relief ... my only issue was when mounted to my 10/22 takedown there 's no way to mount them where your scope fits flush with the end of the reciever making it difficult to fit in the bag the rifle came with . I used a 4 x 32 Bushnell so maybe it would work with a different scope but I would n't put my money on it . The only downside to all this is it leaves the front of your scope susceptible to damage -LRB- remember this only pertains to the takedown model -RRB- . Other than this it is a solid product and I highly recommend them .
 I bought this scope mount because the last scope mount that i purchased was not very good . The little bit of recoil that is produced by a Ruger 10/22 was causing my scope to move ever so slightly giving me different results with every shot . Now that I am using these Weaver mounts I am getting a tight two inch grouping with ten rounds every time . Great product !
 These sights are great . They are made for the 10/22 and fit right . These mounts not only allow you to use iron sights , they raise the scope to the perfect viewing height for me as well . Highly recommend.One of the ring holes was not tapped correctly and I had to return for a replacement , but it was worth it .
 For the price -LRB- and even if they were a bit more -RRB- these are excellent ! Nicely produced and an immaculate fit ! As the title states , &#34; The perfect rings if you want to retain iron sights ! &#34;
 These mounts fit great on the 10/22 -LRB- new or the 43 year old one I have -RRB- . The see through allows for a great sight picture of the iron sights with a 30mm scope . No need for a rail gives them a clean look . The scope is held tight and stays true . I would recommend to a friend .
 When it comes to visibility of the original iron sights , these mounts are second to none . They have the lowest profile and most open sight lines . You can see everything , and the rounded form actually creates a rudimentary ` ghost ring ' that you use to quickly align the gun and use the iron sights for fine aiming . They do n't raise the scope very much either.On the downside , they do n't look very glamorous and the use of flat-head screws on the double-strap top halves mystify me . The ring tops are just crimped strips of metal . It has an issue with screw tightness too . Even .22 rounds can jiggle the screws loose . Use blue loctite / guntite on EVERYTHING , on the screw mounts to the receiver and the 8 screws holding the scope in . Even then , I had an issue with the scope slipping . I had to sand and put some tacky glue inside the scope mount to get it tight as the metal is very smooth and shiny.So my tips are to scuff and glue/tape the inside of the scope bed and locktite everything . After these preps they 'll serve you well indeed .
 These are great for mounting a scope on your Ruger 10/22 . They keep the scope tight , and also provide a rather good sight picture for your iron sights if you want to use them . I 've had other `` over/under '' scope rings that do n't work nearly as well as these do . The iron sights are still fully functional if you choose to use them .
 I was looking for a product that would allow me to still use my factory iron sights at close range , made out of metal and not too big/tall with my scope . This product fit the bill perfectly . I would recommend to a friend and to someone I did n't know ; like you ... If there were anything I did n't like about this product it would be the eight screws on the top of the rings , but I knew this when buying . I only wish it was designed with four screws instead ...
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 This is the 2nd pair of smith sunglasses I have owned . They are excellent sunglasses and the interchangeable lens allow me to wear them as sunglasses and as work glasses . They are lightweight yet durable .
 1st off , lets mention that I am 5 ' 7 and 130 Lbs . I have good bat speed and decent power . I am a pull hitter to the max and this bat is beyond perfect for the leadoff spot , among others as well . It doesnt have that noticable added 30 yards like the double wall bats do , obviously because its a single wall bat . I have used it for a week now and play for 2 teams , 3 games a week . I bought the 34 inch/28 oz Demarini Vexxum and highly recommend the bat to anyone not looking for amazing power out of your bat . If you 're playing softball , bat .600 , hit for contact , and will try to do anything to get on base -LRB- going opposite field , bloopers , hard line drives -RRB- then this bat is for you . If you 're a number 3 , 4 , or 5 hitter , hit home runs like they 're going outtas style , then pay the extra $ 100 and get a double wall demarini . I did notice that with most demarinis , if you dont hit the ball EXACTLY on the barrell of the bat , you 're not getting solid contact . Although , if you are talented and familiar with arc pitch softball , you can get on base everytime with this bat . Probably the best single wall bat on the marktet . Oh , and my 2nd atbat with this bat I did hit a bomb over the left fielders head -LRB- he was playing a bit shallow because of my size -RRB- for a 2 run home run .
 The DeMarini Vexxum is a pretty good bat at a fairly reasonable price . Its performance is surpassed by all-composite bats , but that being said , this bat is far more likely to be accepted in just about any league . About a third of my softball team uses the bat I purchased , and it appears to be very durable , with no noticeable loss of ` pop ' despite pretty heavy use . The 26oz does seem to have a similar weight / feel to many 28oz bats I have used , as a word of caution .
 the only thing i didnt like about this item is , the ad did not specify for ages 3 + . it indicated toddler , but i needed it for a younger child . i 'm sure it will do its job adequately when my daughter is ready for it .
 My son loves his helmet . he is 15 months and always wants to wear it . The only thing i can say bad about it is that we left it outside and the plastic part on top came loose from the `` tape '' wrapped around . it 's hard to explain . i wish i would send a picture of what i 'm talking about . we still use it and it does n't get in the way . it just seemed cheaply made . buy at your own risk .
 This does what it 's supposed to do which is protect a little head from getting hurt if there were a biking accident . It 's really cute . My son wears it , not happily , when we 're out biking and he 's in his trailer . My biggest complaint is he gets SOOO sweaty wearing it , his hair is soaked , and then it 's very difficult to take off . I know helmets are n't that comfortable when it comes to keeping heads cool but it seems the venting could possibly be a little larger .
 LOVE that this toddler 's helmet has the safety clasp so you do n't pinch baby 's chin ! Fits well for my 18 month old - with room to adjust and grown into . Good padding and fun colors for him to enjoy .
 These are marketed for `` toddlers '' , but have a warning sticker on the package
 My Grandson loved the design , makes him happy to put it on . The helmet is of good quality and fits him well .
 Bought this for my 21 month old grandson to wear when riding in his iBert Safe T Bicycle Mount Seat . He loves this helmet & does n't want to take it off . It 's adorable and very well made .
 I got this for my 21/2 y.o. and was worried he would n't wear it b/c it would be uncomfortable , but he loved the adorable spider pattern and jumped on the bandwagon of wearing when he saw me and my husband wearing helmets too -LRB- granted ours are just plain boring adult ones -RRB- . The product came in perfect condition and arrived quicker than I expected . Thanks !
 My grandson turned 2 this month , and I bought him a bike with the helmet.he loves it !!!!! My daughter called me to say that he refuses to take it off.they live in the west coast so he will have lots of fun with it.I 'm very happy with my purchase.Bell Zoomer Toddler Bicycle Helmet -LRB- Blue Googley Eyes Spider -RRB- .
 I bought this for my 3-year old daughter . It is a little roomy , but with placing the included adhesive cushions inside the helmet , and adjusting the straps , it fits quite well and does not change position or slide down at all . It is very lightweight , and very cute . I 'm pleased it will fit her for at least a few more years .
 I bought this helmet for my 20-month old son . I was n't sure how it would fit , since the description did n't give much in terms of sizing . My son is a bit on the big side , and the helmet fits great , with some room to grow . He absolutely loves his helmet and wants to wear it even when he is not riding his trike !
 My son loves trains , and I love Bell helmets -- so this matches both of our preferences ! It 's a little hard to adjust the straps at first , but overall seems very durable but not heavy for his little head . : -RRB-
 The quality is excellent and service and delivery is outstanding . We collect certain turkey calls from time to time and rely on quality craftsmanship which is what we received . Will buy from again .
 This call has realistic hen sound and is relatively easy to use . It is also very large , so unless you have a large pocket in your vest , you may opt to leave this call at home . It is very loud , but I knew that before purchase , and will use this call as the `` last resort '' call when all other calls fail . Only thing I did n't like about the quality of the call was that the butternut wood box -LRB- not the mahogany lid -RRB- is not finished , and it will soak water like a sponge . I ended up using a light emery cloth and polyurethane to finish the bottom portion of the call . It did not seem to affect the sound . Nice call !
 I really wan na buy the Andruw jones McFarlane figure , i wan na buy the 6 ' hitting in the white jersey but this page has a big 12 ' one in the red jersey , if i knew which one i was gettin i would buy it . -LRB- if it was smaller one -RRB- . i really dont know another way of contacting the person selling this i dont use Amazon.com that often so please if someone selling this item lem me know which one this is ... Thanks
 This is awesome exactly what was advertised and got it for 20 dollars normal price is 60 dollars this is great thank you .
 I bought these pants after i tried my younger brothers pants and played roller hockey in them with all the padding and ventilation it made for a great game . they are very comfortable and in my opinion a better buy then some hockey pants out there now . i would give them a higher rating if available .
 i had this for 2yrs now got it of ebay for 15 $ and it works well ... before you buy read , not like this TOOL ... who gave it low rating ... u cant tune pretty nice , i used it on least 12x trigger jobs i done , the design kinda old but works up too 4.5 lbs well
 The Deltech bench is extremely sturdy and well designed.The steel , welds , cushion and adjustable rack are all first-rate . Considering the expert craftsmanship that went into making this bench , the low price is a pleasant surprise . It was promptly delivered , without any damage , and took less than 20 minutes to assemble . I could n't be more satisfied with this purchase .
 This bench is very sturdy and built well . My old bench was a rickety death trap and this replacement was worth every penny .
 If you are looking for a sturdy , no nonsense bench , this is it . I joined a gym a year ago through my school and got a personal trainer . We put together a workout that took place completely at a flat bench -LRB- so I did n't have to fight over equipment -RRB- . Legs , chest , arms , and back . We occasionally did an exercise on a machine , but mostly as a break from the regular routine . Long story short , I bought this bench so that I could work out at home using the same routine.It is incredibly sturdy.Two pieces make up the frame of the bench , then you attach the bench cushion . Making it super easy to put together , but also goes to show how solid it is.You do need an olympic size bar for this bench , but really when it comes down to it the standard size bars can be flimsy . Working out with an olympic size bar is much more enjoyable .
 I just wanted everyone to know that is interested in a weight bench that this one is great !!! Simple to put together and very strong . Great buy and free delivery !!
 I 've bought several pieces of Deltech Fitness equipment and have been very satisfied with their quality . This bench was no different . Excellent quality and looks great too . This is a very solid bench . Assembly instructions were clear and easy to follow and went together in about 15 minutes . I love the numbers on the weight supports , makes it easy to make sure both are set at the same level . I read the review from the guy that complained about the welds , but did n't have any problems with mine . Seems to me if you had that much of a problem you would return it to get your money back . Would definitely recommend this bench !
 This is a good solid bench . It came so quick I could not believe that it was already here . I assembled it , and all the holes lined up perfectly and it was quickly done . I am going to buy the ` Flat Exercise Bench ' from them now . I will let you know how that works out . So far , I am pretty impressed .
 I was very pleased with the purchase of the Deltech Fitness Flat Bench . It is a very stable bench . Terrific service Amazon .
 Great Bench . Very Sturdy . Easy to assemble . Looks nice . No cons so far .
 I was looking for a flat bench that was sturdy , dependable , and economical . Although I found other benches comparable to this bench , most were priced $ 150-300 above this one.The shipment came with in a few days and assembly was easy , about 20 minutes . The bench pad itself has good length and is padded about right . There is no rocking motion with heavier weights , either . All in all , this was money well spent .
 The greatest compliment I can give is that when I bench press and lay back on this thing and lift the bar , it feels just like it would if I were at the gym . There is no wobble or feeling that your life is in danger with this bench . It is rock solid and a must buy for a home gym . Assembly was one hour and directions were clear with hardware packaged in an easy to understand manner . I love my bench and feel very safe when I bench . I 've lifted for over 20 years and have had many home benches , and this is the best by far . This was $ 200 well spent .
 great product very good price sturdy and comfortable they say 12 more word are required iiiiii iiiiii iiiiiii eeee r r r r r f sfscs
 Considering the price this is an excellent bench . It 's very stable and easy to put together . The unit I received was missing the bolt hardware for assembly , so I had to go to the local hardware store and spend about $ 16 to get it together . That had a lot to do with my impatience to start using it , as Deltech shipped me the missing parts very quickly after I notified them . The box had a good sized hole punched in it in shipment , so they could have fallen out . Not a real issue.The only issue I have with the bench is the bar rests , which has been noted by other owners . They tighten up solid enough to provide confidence and are adjustable , but not quite as solid as the clip plates bolted to the uprights that some higher-end units have . Many of those have several clip positions , with the lower serving as a spot in case you fail before getting all the way back up . I think cost-wise for manufacturing they could switch and improve the bench w/o spending more to build.Overall a great , solid bench for the money . I have n't seen one better in this price range . Big platform bench inspires confidence . If not for the bar clamps I 've have given it a 5 for sure .
 I have been searching for a basic stable bench capable of supporting a set of olympic weights . This provides the proper support needed .
 This bench is quite sturdy . My husband -LRB- 6 ' 4 '' 260 lbs -RRB- has used several times a week for about a year . Took him , with a little help from me , to put it together in about an hour . One small part was broken , called Deltech , they shipped immediately , express . Very please with customer service , delivery time and package condition . Would highly recommend .
 very sturdy and easily to assemble but you need a 7 foot barbell to use it you can use 6 ' foot maybe but with caution .
 This is one of the best fitness/work out purchases I have ever made . The bench is sturdy , excellent quality , and amazingly generous price tag . I am 6ft 180 pounds , but I have friends that are 6 ' 4 280 pounds , and 6 ' 6 360 pounds and the bench works perfect for us all ! I would recommend this bench to anybody shopping for a reliable weight bench . Assembly is very easy ! It took me and a friend about 30 minutes to assemble . I 've owned this for 2 months now and if anything , I 'm happier with my purchase today than I was 2 months ago ! That 's how great this item really is .
 The Deltech Fitness Flat Bench is a wonderful piece of equipment . I was very , very happy with this purchase . I use it with my olympic size barbell and rubber plates ... it is sturdy , comfortable and exactly as advertised . I searched quite a while online , looking for the right bench for me , at the right price . This is the one . It was very easy to assemble -LRB- minimal assembly is required -RRB- , and I love it !
 This is a solid at home Olympic weight bench . If you are looking to have a gym quality workout in your house then this is the perfect choice for you , because the price ca n't be beat for the quality .
 This suit is comfortable and makes a good base layer when running in the cold . Many of the base layers for cold weather are actually too hot when you get going . This suit fits well and is good for running in cold weather when worn under other running clothes .
 This is a great cap . Truely one size fits all without any adjustment . Good quality and the red color appears to be fade resistant . The price is considerably less then what you can expect to pay at the local campus clothing outlets . Any Buckeye fan would be proud to wear it .
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 this is the best hat !! i bought it for my husband and he absolutely loves it . it is really different and looks great on . an ideal gift for a notre dame fan !!
 The exact same jacket that can be found on MLBshop for $ 20 more ... i love it . The perfect addition for a Phillies Phan !!
 The item was so nice and very affordable for that special collector of coke items I was very pleased with my recent purchase and will order from this company in the future
 This suit is comfortable and makes a good base layer when running in the cold . Many of the base layers for cold weather are actually too hot when you get going . This suit fits well and is good for running in cold weather when worn under other running clothes .
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 300 pounds of plate weights . Nothing fancy , does what they need to do , sit there and require effort to lift them .
 I wear this for rowing . It is very comfortable and a lot cheaper than the uni 's made exclusively for rowing . The shorts are the perfect length -- neither too short nor too long .
 I row in this uni . It is very comfortable and light-weight and significantly cheaper than uni 's marketed for rowers .
 First , let 's be clear
 I ran a bike rental in Key West , FL for 6 years.These 1018 Kryptonite locks are all we used.We never had one bike stolen out of a fleet of 400 bikes as a result of a lock failing or being ` picked ' . The only time a bike disappeared is when the customer failed to lock it up!As long as you spray a little dry lube in the lock , it is very easy to use and to set the combo.The people you see complaining about how it 's hard to set the combo did not lubricate the lock , period.Great investment .
 Last night I rode downtown to see a local band play at a little dive bar . I locked up to a steel fence post with a kryptonite evolution series 4 u lock on my rear wheel and frame and the 1018 cable lock securing my front wheel , since it 's equipped with a quick release . After the show , as I started unlocking my bike , I realized that someone had tried to steal the front wheel . The plastic cover on the lock had been tampered with and they had tried to cut the cable . The vinyl covering was cut and the cable itself had been completely crushed , but not severed . They did n't even attempt the u lock , but I 'm pretty sure this cable lock saved me the cost of a front wheel and tire as well as a long , depressing walk home .
 We bought 2 of these and they where perfect for our trip . We had no issues with it and would happily buy another two if needed .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 This Daisy model is a lot of gun for the money . With a muzzle velocity of 420-450 fps , it 's no toy . Shooting glasses are mandatory
 We purchased this air pistol to replace the second air pistol , by a competitive manufacturer , that failed in less than two years of light use . We 've both -LRB- wife and I -RRB- found this air pistol to be very accurate , and , so far , reliable.Time will tell . So far , 5 stars .
 My grandson and I had a blast target practicing with this co2 pistol it is pretty powerful and ofcourse he needs to be supervised when using it ... he loved it !!!
 I purchased this item yesterday as a gift for my husband . It arrived today , in perfect condition . The daggers are gorgeous , and he absolutely loves them ! Excellent craftsmanship , and the detail on the dragons is to die for . The only issue we 've had with it is that the mounting holes on the plaque are not even , so the daggers sit a bit lop-sided , but all in all , a great purchase for the price ! We will be ordering from this seller again , and we 'll recommend them to other collectors as well . Thank you for the excellent service !
 While the processing took some time once it was sipped the knives arrived quickly . Gave the knives to a friend for Christmas and he loved them
 It Came packaged perfect , with no bumps or scratches . Setting up was really easy . Once hung up it looked really nice .
 Nice.Very Nice . looks cool on my wall . really sharp for a wall hanger . seems to be well made blades are nice and tight . would recommend for anyone into cool sharp stuff !!!
 they look good on my wall and i like that they are held together with magnets and they are pretty sharp to
 I love the item it looks great on my wall . The blades are sharp also .
 When I ordered this I was n't expecting much . But when I received it WOW ! Very well packaged all pieces were well protected the blades are SUPER sharp with a well wrapped tight fitting rubber/plastic cover over them . Comes with cool hooks with rubber tips at the end so u do n't scratch the dragon heads when hung . pre cut holes in the back board the screws went in nicely and are even . comes with a nice anchor for the wall . and the dragons connect to each other with pretty sturdy magnets . Worth every penny I paid : o -RRB-
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 The Petzl William carabiner has a big advantage over other screwlocks - when it 's unlocked , you can see the red band over the gate.I 'll take any safety advantage I can get , and that 's a big one.It 's strong , light , and works well for tying off short during a rappel or clipping in an ATC for a belay.Maybe a little expensive , but there 's that safety advantage ...
 I own this carabiner as well as the Petzl Attache . Both are definitely high-quality carabiners , but I wanted to leave a quick note for anyone comparing this with the Petzl Attache , or anyone who may be planning to use this for top rope belaying.I have purchased and used both for that exact purpose . I 've been climbing for just a few months , and I 'm not doing anything advanced with either ; I 'm just top-roping at a gym with my fiancee . We use an ATC-XP belay device by Black Diamond.Basically , the difference is this
 I bought 2 of these helmets for my grandkids for bike riding and they are the best helmet for kids.The kids like the way they fit compared to others they had and they like that they are not heavy and are pretty `` kool '' looking too : -RRB-
 I really like this helmet . A previous reviewer said that the size runs small and that was fine with me because I was looking for a good helmet for my 6 yr old daughter when I bought her roller skates . This one is perfect . It 's made better and looks much safer than the regular bicycle helmet she was wearing . This makes me feel better when she is roller skating , riding her bicycle or riding her scooter . It 's worth the money , really cute , and the fit is comfortable so she does n't complain about having to wear it .
 Read the reviews , that people received size CHILD , and ordered this . Received size YOUTH for 8 + yr , which was too big . What a mess with sizing of this product !!!! Otherwise the helmet is nice . But had to return mine .
 My 8-yr-old loves this helmet . It 's no longer a fight to get him to put his helmet on . It was easy to adjust to get a snug fit .
 I think this is a great helmet for both biking and scootering . It provides protection for both front and back of the head , and seems very durable.The only thing missing would be a visor .
 I mainly got this for my boy when I 'm towing him . Obviously I was n't worried about ventilation since he does n't pedal . I traded vent for some extra protection in case I somehow manage to crash . This has a harder outer shell and more back of the head coverage than your average bicycle helmet , which I see as good . In any case an aero helmet is n't going to help whether he is pedaling or being towed by me . : PIts also not too heavy , or at least he does n't seem to mind . If he ever wants to ride his little bicycle , razor scooter , skateboard or something , this thing would work for that also . I wo n't need to buy a second helmet , so we 're set .
 We bought this helmet , in pink , for our 8 yr old Grandaughter and she loved it . It is very `` girly '' looking and the quality of construction and protection is great . She say 's it is comfortable , but a little tight -LRB- so it may be a litlle small , but it works for now . I would definetly recommend this helmet , especially for the price .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 This item was received within 3 days and was in perfect condition .
 The hockey sticks bend and are made of plastic.According to your slogan you , `` believe that children should be given toys built to last ... We 've searched the world for toys that endure ... THE WAY THEY USED TO MAKE THEM . '' The original nok hockey games were made with wooden sticks that lasted . We were very satisfied with the construction of the board which should not be played with plastic sticks .
 One of those games you remember from childhood . But what were the manufacturers thinking when they decided to make the sticks plastic ? Would also be good if there was a source for replacing the sticks and puck . The board , on the other hand , is virtually indestructible .
 Having a house full of boys ranging from 10 years to 5 years this toy/game makes them all happy . Lets not forget Dad and the visiting Uncle . The older ones try and position the puck while the younger ones just go for it . Our living room becomes Madison Square Garden and everyone lays on the floor watching to see who they will play next . It is a large item but because it is somewhat flat it can slide under a bed or a couch . We love it !!
 This is the giant Nok Hockey-it takes up a lot of space to store . We bought it thinking the game would be more fun than the smaller one but the smaller one is more fun for the kids and they prefer it to this one . The little Nok Hockey board is a much faster game as the puck has a shorter distance to travel and does n't lose as much speed . Our kids have figured out all the angles at which to hit the puck on the smaller board so maybe that is part of reason this larger board is a slower game for them . They do n't seem to enjoy it as much as the smaller board so it was not really a good purchase for them . The board itself however , is well made and designed to withstand the usual abuse .
 I played this game as a child and loved it . When I ran into it again 2 years ago , it was too close to Christmas to give as a gift as everywhere was SOLD OUT !! . Well I found it last year in time for Christmas and sent it to my 2 grandsons -LRB- 7 & 9 , then -RRB- . In July ' 04 , I visited them and Grandma was crowned Nok Hockey Champion of the Universe ! -LRB- I still got IT ! -RRB- They are challenged to a rematch this Christmas ... hope they 've practiced enough to beat me now !!! LOL - Still a Great Game after all these years .
 Nok Hockey can help with strategy and problem solving while being somthing fun to play . Nok Hockey is the the thing to play on a rainy day .
 I played this game at a Summer Camp . It is great fun because you can do special shots . It is big but you can put it anywhere because its height is very little . I love Nok Hockey . I recommend it for ages 6 through 100 .
 When I played this game i was at sleep away camp . We used to always play each other all day . That game is very entertaining . I could play my friends for hours and hours . If you like real hockey then you will love Nok Hockey .
 I requested a Nok-Hockey for Father 's Day this year and my wish was granted . Loved the game as a kid and love playing it with my kids now ... its exactly the same now as it was then . Love it !
 My son and I play this every night ; we love it . We can play this game for hours . Price was great and shipping was extremely quick .
 I 'M A 56 YEAR OLD DAD AND WHIN I WAS A CHILD AND PRETEEN THE NYC PARKS HAD THIS FOR US TO PLAY IN THE SUMMER . I GREW UP IN HARLEM AND WE NEVER KNEW ABOUT THE NHL OR ICE HOCKEY , WESTILL LOVED THIS EVERT SUMMER . I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY KIDS NOW AND THEY LOVE IT EVERY BIT AS ME AND MY FRIENDS DID BACK IN THE 1960 'S . ALWAYS HAVE EXTRA PUCKS AND STICKS !!!!!
 I purchased this Nok Hockey game as a surprise for my husband for Christmas . While visiting his sisters house , I listened to them talking about how much fun it was to grow up playing this game so I was pleasantly surprised to see Amazon carried it . Now , my husband & my 11 year old daughter play it frequently . It 's nice that it does n't plug in & can be played anywhere .
 The Nok Hockey board game brings back such great childhood memories for me . It 's a game for all ages and gets the whole family involved and away from the computer screen and all other technology related products . My kids love it and now I 've introduced it to my grandkids ... THEY LOVE IT TOO !! What 's also great about this game is if you lose the wooden pucks and the plastic hockey sticks ... A quarter -LRB- 25 cents -RRB- and your fingers work great.This is an affordable form of entertainment for the whole family !!
 As item # 1 on my kids Christmas list , I quickly ordered this set . It is exactly as i remembered as a kid and has held up well so far under their excited play . The sticks are plastic but seem to be fairly strong and everything else is basically wood .
 This an excellent game for the whole family . It is durable and fun and I would definately recommend it to a friend .
 I purchased the Nok-Hockey as a nice little side item to entertain my 13 yr old son and I during the holiday break . Little did I know this would become the centerpiece of our time off . It is so simple and a load of fun . Entertaining for any age . Highly recommended !
 I played Nok-Hockey as a child as did my children so I wanted my grandchildren to enjoy it as well . It was a success and I 'd recommend this low-tech toy for boys and girls from age 3 and up .
 My grandson liked to play this at a friends home.I got it for his 8th birthday and he loves it.Used standard delivery service and received it in 4 days.The price , including shipping , was a great deal less thanany of the stores in the Bethesda MD. area .
 Our family LOVES this game ! We first discovered it on a trip to NY this summer when we had played it with some relatives . My kids -LRB- ages 3 , 7 & 12 -RRB- just ca n't seem to get enough of it !!! A super easy game for all ages & certainly a game for the whole family to enjoy . I would suggest this game to anyone/everyone ! Enjoy ~
 I played this as a young child -LRB- 1970 -RRB- . This game is so fun !
 I dont kno y ppl say air hockey is better than nok hockey ! I am 13 yrs old and i have played this game since i was 5 this is my favorite games = in the world . There is so many different shots you can use at different points on the board . I have recently just been able to start beating my Dad . This is definately worth every penny . GREAT GAME !
 I had never played this before , but heard about it and ordered it as a gift for my hockey-crazy son . He loves it and plays with his friends and me . It 's very well made . Shipment arrived quickly , too .
 This game brought so many memories back to my brother and I . The rest of my family got introduced to it and now we are all addicted . Such a simple game , and so much fun . Better than sitting on the computer for hours or playing games on the TV . So glad I was able to find it . If you ever need a recommendation , you have my number . Thanks , Deb
 still as fun as it used to be when i was a kid my 7 year old and i have a blast
 I choose a 4 because it is a big board and I think it could have used a couple of more supposts under the bottom game board/frame ... awesome game . We opened it Christmas Eve and it was the evenings entertainment . Back to all natural and NO BATTERIES . It is fun and works for any age.MADE IN THE USA !!!!!
 My grandsons -LRB- 4 -RRB- loved this ` game ' . It kept them occupied just about all day . It was the highlight of the gifts under the tree .
 This old favorite game is just as fun when you are 50 as when you were 12 . We got the large game board , which is a lot bigger than the one I grew up with . The kids got right into it and came up with some crazy rules . I like it because you can play it outside on the deck or wherever there 's some floor space . It 's not electronic !
 Just like the one I had over 40 years ago ! A great buy ! We all enjoy the game very much .
 Tons of fun and reminds me of my childhood , but why so expensive ? :[ its just wood ! I wish it was a little cheaper priced ! But just get it , oh the fun you can have with this thing .
 As good as it was back in the 70 's . Very well constructed and lots of fun for all ages .
 This is a great family game . We played as kids and loved it so we thought it would be a good game for our grandkids . It 's durable and no assembly required . The kids love it -LRB- and so do the adults -RRB- .
 This game is awesome . I only wish the sticks had a longer blade like real sticks so you could get a better shot .
 Nok-Hockey Game Board Size
 Purchased this for grand children and they had a blast playing with this game and getting everyone else at the house involved playing and having a good time . Would recommend this item for anyone having children at an age were they can appreciate the competition .
 This game is real fun , its easy to learn and fun to play . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought a new belt at a fair . Loved the belt but it did n't come with a buckle . I was looking for some thing simple and not to flashy , not realizing how hard that would be . All the stores had large or flashy bucles . Amazon has a huge selection making it easy to find exactlly what I was looking for .
 I bought 2 of these helmets for my grandkids for bike riding and they are the best helmet for kids.The kids like the way they fit compared to others they had and they like that they are not heavy and are pretty `` kool '' looking too : -RRB-
 I really like this helmet . A previous reviewer said that the size runs small and that was fine with me because I was looking for a good helmet for my 6 yr old daughter when I bought her roller skates . This one is perfect . It 's made better and looks much safer than the regular bicycle helmet she was wearing . This makes me feel better when she is roller skating , riding her bicycle or riding her scooter . It 's worth the money , really cute , and the fit is comfortable so she does n't complain about having to wear it .
 Read the reviews , that people received size CHILD , and ordered this . Received size YOUTH for 8 + yr , which was too big . What a mess with sizing of this product !!!! Otherwise the helmet is nice . But had to return mine .
 My 8-yr-old loves this helmet . It 's no longer a fight to get him to put his helmet on . It was easy to adjust to get a snug fit .
 I think this is a great helmet for both biking and scootering . It provides protection for both front and back of the head , and seems very durable.The only thing missing would be a visor .
 I mainly got this for my boy when I 'm towing him . Obviously I was n't worried about ventilation since he does n't pedal . I traded vent for some extra protection in case I somehow manage to crash . This has a harder outer shell and more back of the head coverage than your average bicycle helmet , which I see as good . In any case an aero helmet is n't going to help whether he is pedaling or being towed by me . : PIts also not too heavy , or at least he does n't seem to mind . If he ever wants to ride his little bicycle , razor scooter , skateboard or something , this thing would work for that also . I wo n't need to buy a second helmet , so we 're set .
 We bought this helmet , in pink , for our 8 yr old Grandaughter and she loved it . It is very `` girly '' looking and the quality of construction and protection is great . She say 's it is comfortable , but a little tight -LRB- so it may be a litlle small , but it works for now . I would definetly recommend this helmet , especially for the price .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 Works well . The adjustable tension screw allows it to work with a variety of magazines , but definitely fits only single stack magazines . Very good , sturdy construction .
 If you or someone you know is a Texas A&M fan or student , this is a must have ! Beautiful lamp with brilliant colors . Great light to study by or just as an ornamental feature in a library or home office . Well built and sturdy piece . Item looks as though it cost much more than the price . Definitely a purchase you will not regret and if given as a gift , will make you an instant hit ! I bought for my oldest grandson who is a Freshman at the university and every student in his dorm was excited when they saw it . Great purchase !
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , he is a huge Wild fan , he loved it . It 's very cute and looks great on a Christmas tree .
 This is the most adorable Carolina Hurricanes ornament !! I did n't realize how big it was , but I was pleasantly surprised ! I got this after the Canes won the Stanley Cup and it 's been a pleasant addition to my tree !
 After owning a Daisy Powerline 880 for the last 5 years , I found myself needing a replacement when the stock had become loose from pumping the rifle thousands of times . I chose the 22SG because of the wood stock & the amazing accurasy of my old 880 . The fit & finish of the 22SG is better than I ever expected on a $ 100.00 pellet rifle . The scope mounted easly & was a breeze to sight in . I 've run approximatly 100 rounds thru the rifle now & it preforms perfectly . My shooting range is a little over 50 yds & I 'm getting a 1 '' pattern ... LOOK OUT VARMETS !!
 I had posted a review claiming that after two years the seals had failed.I 'm an idiot . No such thing happened . This rifle is unique in that it will not build air pressure unless it is cocked . I 'm not sure how I feel about that , but that 's the way it is.Loading a pellet is tedious at best . With a mounted scope , you basically have to lay the pellete near the loading mechanism and tilt the rifle so it falls into the slot . Then push the slide forward and hope it loads correctly . The older Crosman 2100s provided a larger opening and were a lot easier to load.The butt stock was loose upon arrival . Removed the butt plate and tightened the large hex bolt inside it with a socket and long socket arm with ratchet . Now that the gun is tight it feels much friendlier.The scope is simple and crisp . I find that I can see through it better than included scopes that came with air rifles at twice the 22 SG 's cost .
 This is a great buy for this rifle ! Its just a solid built little air rifle that will get the job done - no problems . Shoots fast , packs a punch and is pretty accurate as well . The only thing I have an issue with is the pump handle itself . Its plastic ? Dear Daisy , Why would you do this ? Everything else is metal and or solid wood . Plain stupid - Talk about a week link ! Although I must say , It has not posed a problem yet , but it sure bends when you pump it . If the handle was metal then 5 stars . For the money - I like it ! Its not awesome but this is easily my # 1 choice of all the others out there in this price range . Trust me I bought a couple `` junkers '' and returned them before this one . I 'm keeping this one for sure .
 first let me say this is a adult review I own 12 airrifles . This gun is a light weight sporting rifle easy to handle shoulders well pumps easy an is very accurate.the vels of this gun is 550 with 10 pumps with rws hobbies 11.9 530 with 14.3 crossmans . you can get 25 more fps with 12 pumps . my pesonal limit over pumping will damage the valve.Accurate out to 30 yds . dead on at 20 sight pellet drop at 301/2 '' . heavy pellet don , t do well not enough power . the scope is ok if the parellex is not right for adjust the ring in the back of the scope till you get the focuse you need then lock the ring down . I mounted a 3x9 tasco golded anlter on mine great scope for the price . the trigger is a little heavy but good . I find myself liking light weight gun more.mag spingers are to much of chore to shoot . most small game hunting is done at the 20-35yds . this gun is good at those yds . This gun is good value buy one for fun or small game hunting .
 This works very well . East on ... kind of tricky to get off , and after a while the paddle spreads out a bit from use . The inside of the paddle section has a kind of lip that grabs your pants or belt , making it unlikely that it will fall off . The problem is that it makes it a pickle to get off . Not unreasonably so though . Good for the money and entirely functional .
 Met expectations . Matched the hurdles we currently own . It was easy to order the product and it was delivered to us in a very timely manner . No damage and was exactly what we wanted for a good price .
 This is a useful little box with 2 dependable , independent hinged latches on it . The soft plastic of the container is easy on your hands and on any surface you happen to lay the box on . I can see the contents from both below and above without opening it . The little blue compartment dividers snap in place and stay there securely . You do n't have to break them apart . They 're ready to insert and made of the harder plastic the latches are made of . The left half of the case is left open to hold bigger items , so I 'm not sure if the one I own is a slightly different , or older , part number than the one identified here . I ca n't tell because the case does n't have the part number embedded on it . It would be nice if either the Flambeau or the competing Plano design came out with a stackable version for these size boxes . Neither brand 's boxes `` joins '' even their own boxes , one on top of the other .
 I find these leggings are superior in fit and comfort to other brands that cost more . Perfect for wearing under jeans when the weather is cold!They have less compression than theCapezio Women 's Capri Legging , which is good as far as I am concerned , as I want to wear them all day without feeling overly squished .
 These are the best of any legging I 've bought recently but definitely not the quality Danskin has made in the past . I 've worn leggings for over 25 yrs and still have some Danskin 's that are over 15 yrs old . They 're retired now r/t fading and are only for home use . They 're still structurally very sound . I would say the size and fit is accurate in these and the best for the money I 've found .
 I bought these to workout in and ended up wearing them everywhere ! They are so comfortable !!!
 I purchased these just as comfy-wear for a plane trip and because they matched the color gray in a top I own . They worked out great . The color is true to the picture and they feel good against my skin and are very comfortable . I even went in the ocean with them and the cotton did not stretch out . Also the fit is nice in that i did not have to constantly pull them up because of slippage .
 Just what I was looking for !!! There are n't too many stores that are carrying this style any more and it was nice to find them at Amazon . They cost less than the Danskin on line store and that made me very happy . They arrived before the due date and were the correct size - even a better guess on my part .
 I bought these Danskin capris for workouts at the gym . They fit well and are extremely comfortable and wash well . Just what I needed and wanted .
 I wear these about 4 times a week , wash after each wear & they have not worn out in the inner thigh area . I wear them while working out , circuit training & interval training , yoga & sometimes to trail run . I dont like wearing these pants to the gym b/c the gray color shows everything in the back -LRB- sweat ... ect . -RRB- So I took off 1 star b/c of that . Otherwise , a great pant for my workouts and just to wear around the house .
 I love these capris ! I 've been wearing them for physical therapy & while I 'm on the elliptical , and they 're really supportive and comfortable !
 This jacket is an awesome addition to any fall/winter hunter 's attire . It really does prevent the wind from being a problem . It protects you well from the enviroment . I even wear it on those below zero days . It does it 's job . Just as described .
 quality holster good fit and finish easy access to pistol and positioning for straight rh draw or cross draw of pistol
 I am very pleased with this cart . It 's very easy to push , even on steep slopes . It glides easily and is easy to handle . It 's a bit heavier to lift than I expected , but its sturdiness and handy features -LRB- cup holder , card & pencil holder , 2 ball holders , and 2 compartments near the handle for storing extra tees , a cell phone , 2 cold drink compartments , etc. -RRB- far outweigh this minor point . Folding the front wheel for storing in the trunk of a car or back of an SUV is NOT a problem ; it 's pretty easy to do . This is an excellent product at a very reasonable price .
 I think this cart is great . Very sturdy and durable . It has thick off roading tires so it can go anywhere . I 've put some serious miles on it without a hitch .
 Bought this pouch for a Swiss Army Knife Cybertool seperate from the knife . It 's a good quality product . I just do not understand why they do n't offer them as a set .
 These pants are great for putting on over shorts when you 're on your way to the gym or just for lounging in . I love them !
 A bit over priced but overall product was good . Shipping time was longer than expected .
 Beautiful holster . Fit and finish is superb ! The holster is made of strong leather that retains its shape and luster draw after draw . The snap is secure but breaks easily with positive downward force from the thumb once a proper firing grip is maintained . The guard is enclosed , so that your finger can not get anywhere near the trigger until you have cleared the leather . The paddle is strong and adjustable to make the cant perfect for every draw of the firearm . Love that I can slip on and take off without worrying that the firearm is n't secure and that it wo n't come out accidentally . As long as the retention strap is buttoned , your firearm is not going anywhere and with the covered trigger guard , it is reassuring that a sympathetic nervous response is unlikely as long as proper pistol drawing technique is used . This holster should give years of great service to any one who owns it . Top notch !
 I bought this at a different store today and it 's great . There 's another listing of this exact same pump but with a different name . This is the correct one . The reviewer there said he had trouble getting it to inflate a bike tire past 60 lbs . PSI . For me , I only inflate my tires to 50 lbs . and I did it with ease . I have no doubt that I could go higher . For $ 15 , you ca n't really go wrong here . The built-in pressure gauge is very convenient and goes to 120 lbs. , but I do n't know if it could actually go that high and I highly doubt I 'll ever have a need to find out . It does exactly what I want it to and that 's all that matters . I 'm perfectly satisfied .
 There is not much to expect from a simple bicycle pump and this thing does exactly what it is meant for.Pros
 This ia a very basic bicycle tire pump . It is a floor standing model with an attached gauge . It is lightweight and of decent construction but does not appear to be made of heavy-duty material . It does what its advertised to do - easily pump air into tires.It lacks folding feet , which would be nice for storage , and also does not include any ball needles or adapters . It includes a small plastic tab for wall hanging in a garage or shed.At less than $ 15 , it performs as expected and is a great value for its price .
 This is just what the ` doctor ordered ' . I just got sick and tired of paying the gas station fees for using `` their air '' . The foot pump is stylish and very effective ; my tires get air and I get exercise . The gauge is terrific no more guessing that there is enough pressure in the tires .
 It is cheap and works great . I use it to inflate my bicycle , motorcycle , and car 's tires . Fast and simple . The gauge is also a good extra ! The bad is the length of the hose ... a little bit longer would be better .
 I have got to use it and the thing is super accurate . Thank you for the great gift it 's awesome !
 Using the scale for prospecting to weigh larger samples . Made a platform hung the scale and it is good to go . Very easy to use and I am happy that I ordered it .
 Black , Fitted , Simple Logo - no weird colors or patterns - its the real deal-my favorite Eagles hat ... worth every cent .
 The cap was a gift for my husband and it was an excellent fit and the color and logo went together very nicely .
 Good hat , seems to be made well . I have a big head , wear the biggest size available , and also appreciate that it 's a deep hat and does n't feel like it 's going to pop off of my head . I wear mine a lot , it 's getting a bit dirty so I 'm back on to by another . Really great deal for the price -LRB- under 11 currently -RRB- .
 Meltonian boot cream is the BEST polish commercially available . It is a goo that can be smeared into all the cracks and crevices with the greatest of ease -- no more setting a tin of Kiwi alight to soften it ! I love this stuff and will either drive 50 miles or purchase it online and pay shipping rather than resort to using an inferior product . And it comes in every colour you could possibly want . Trust me on this
 Meltonian Boot & Shoe Cream Polish is the best boot & shoe care product I have ever used in over 40 years of shining my boots & shoes . This cream polish provides a really nice lustrous shine as well as keeping the leather nourished and supple . Fantastic product .
 The Meltonian cream is the absolute best product to use for protecting and shining your boots or shoes.I have used five or six different colors available from Meltonian and have been completely satisfied with the way each have matched my shoe and boot colors . I am currently living in South Korea and I had to order my Meltonian online rather than use the usual ` paste ' polish . Meltonian is indeed the true shoe polish . Try it once and you will never use another product in its place .
 I agree with the other reviewers about the quality and ease of use of this product , but the main thing I used it for was to repair my leather chairs . I made the mistake of bringing new leather into a household of six cats before I had a scratching post in place . I assumed leather would be immune from cats wanting to stretch and scratch , but unfortunately no . The Meltonian did not repair the scratch in the skin itself , but it buffed out the faded part from the claw mark and made it blend in with the rest of the leather , bringing that new look back to my chairs . The result was smooth and imparted a satiny finish . Even better , the polished areas did not transfer to clothing . Highly recommended for all leather needs.As an aside , I purchased theSmartCat Ultimate Scratching Postfrom Amazon.com , and the cats have not touched my leather chairs since , so now I can go back to using the Meltonian polish for its intended purpose on shoes , boots , belts , and bags .
 Hey guys I had a pair of boots that were ready for the heap . This boot cream brought them back from the dead.for those of you that remember PROPERTS boot cream it 's the same batch.ONLY FOR BLaCK LEATHER !
 Like other posts , this is the best polish I have ever used . I have a couple pairs of Birkenstocks that look like new after 2 years . Using any other polish is a waste of time and money .
 Never used this product before . It does work great and the shoes look and feel so much better . have the black and neutral .
 Dyes , protects and shines . It also covered scuffs ! Lots of colors . Love all of them . I highly recommended them . Thumbs up !
 Used this to revive my husband 's scuffed , dark brown clarks and it worked perfectly . comes as a cream texture , not dried out like some of the kiwi brand versions of the same .
 This bag was perfect for camping ! Our tent leaked , but the bag stayed dry . The kids have also used this for `` camping '' in the back yard . It 's a great all-purpose bag .
 Heavy is better . Although this sleeping bag is a bit big , it is heavy ; it is protective against the cold weather , and the wind chills.The material is first class ; definitely Eddie-Bauer quality . My advice is this is definitely not a sleeping bag for KIDS !!!! That is why it 's big !
 Everything I asked for , just that it was n't completely the same shade of color as my marker , but all in all great item .
 I use these tags on guns I work on . They are heavy quality paper and the string allows the tag to be tied to the trigger guard . Good quality product .
 Got these for my runner husband . They keep him cool and wick the sweat away and are comfortable and yet lightweight .
 These socks are amazing . Whether it be while wearing my Vibrams , or just with a regular sneaker , they are warm yet still breathable , and super comfortable . I 'll grab these before I grab a regular pair of socks any day .
 They say that you do n't have to wear socks with vibrams however I do NOT recommend it , you only get a few days use and they start to stink . These socks extend the use before having to wash the shoes . They are comfortable , and watch out on linoleum or other smooth surface because you will be doing a Tom Cruise slide if you do n't pay attention . Extrememly comfortable and they seem very durable I have had a pair for about 7 or 8 months and wear them quite frequently.If you are military tho you can actually get a better deal at a Navy Exchange , a few dollars off and you get them without having to wait . Found this out AFTER we order them lol
 They are just like any other toe socks in my opinion . Worked great and I bought at a good price !
 Walked 39 miles this past weekend for the Avonwalk for Breastcancer . I fought blisters throughout my training until I purchased these socks - I now have 4 pair ! No blisters after 39 miles !
 Ok , i bought it for me but fail on the size so igive it to her and she like it
 i got those stupid shoes with the toes and they hurt me like hell but these were the only socks that worked with it . the socks are great but i 'm not a fan of the separated toes .
 When I first hit these it was rather difficult fitting all my toes in at first but became progressively easier after third time , its true to size also I 'm 6 ' 2 so when it says big and tall definitely , I have more wiggle room in my pinky toe in my Harlem Knights voice above all else get them they work well with the addidas toe shoe when working out . You heard it again from Chiro Doc !
 These are cool and pretty comfortable and work well protecting each toe but they take a little getting used to because the seams basically trace your toes , they go between each toe and across the tips and feel a little weird at first .
 I was supprised how much better my feet feel in these socks , even without wearing my Vibram Five Fingers . The socks are fine .
 These socks are thin -LRB- as many reviewers have pointed out -RRB- but the material is soft and the ankle is not constricted . I bought them to wear playing golf -LRB- hot summers = blisters b/w the toes -RRB- and thought they would help with the rubbing . They do that very well . I was concerned about the lack of cushion on the bottom , but the support offered by my golf shoes was adequate . They are uni-sex sized so if you are a Female , order a size lower . They are a bit big .
 bought these for my fiance . he loves them . though his shoe size is on the outer edge of the size indicator so they * just * fit . overall he 's quite satisfied with the quality . this winter he 's even been wearing them as a liner under regular socks when he 's not wearing his toeshoes !
 I bought these socks to use doing mud runs/obstacle course races . I know the socks I wear doing these event take an extreme beating . The Injinji socks held up excellently for the 10 mile course . The added bonus over other socks is that they kept my toes separated in all the mud , water obstacles , and rain . Although I do run in toe-shoes , I use standard athletic shoes , I will not run a race with another pair of socks again !
 Bought these originally to wear with Vibram FiveFingers shoes , and they work great for that . Since then I 've stopped wearing Vibrams and now just wearing some different running shoes ... but I continue to wear my Injinjis ! I feel like I have that tiny extra bit of connection to the road , and let 's face it ... they 're fun to wear.I love the Micro ones ... nice ankle length . Long enough to stick up over the top of my running shoes , but not too long so that you look like a dork .
 After every race I had a bruised first toe , due to my socks wrapping around the toe and cutting off circulation . The Injinji socks stopped the problem ! No more embarrassing bruised toe after a run !
 I buy these socks for my husband who wears three different pairs of Vibrams for work , the gym , or just every day wear . They help keep the shoes and his feet fresh and are a perfect fit for any activity !
 I enjoy wearing my Vibrams and enjoy my increased joint heath with them . Though , the smell of them was becoming unbearable especially when I sweat in them . I tried washing them in the laundry and hand-washing , I even tried foot powder but they were just getting dirtier . So I decided to buy these socks and now I do n't have problems with sweat or the smell anymore . I wear the largest size Vibram Bikilas carried for women , and these still fit comfortably with the socks .
 I am wearing with minamalist shoes and they feel great . fit around each toe great . I wear them all day .
 I bought these to hike with because I was getting blisters in between my toes . These really helped by keeping my toes off each other . I have recently bought Vibram barefoot runners and was getting a little chaffing at 1.5 miles . I added these socks and did 5 miles with zero issue .
 Perfect ! These socks are great . They are my first pairs of toe socks . I use them for running and biking and love the feeling of having each toe being housed in its own little glove . My toes do n't rub together painfully when I run and I 've had zero issues with the moist yucky toe feeling I 'd get after running 3-4 miles in regular socks . I was worried the feeling of individual toes would be weird , but it 's actually incredible feeling . . I can see now that I 'm going to have to invest in updating my entire sock drawer .
 I love running in Vibrams , but I almost always finish my long runs with blister pain . These socks have ended that , at no expense ! Some people have commented that they leave extra material hanging off the ends or their smaller toes - this is true for me . However , you can just bunch them up a bit so they fit snug and then there is no problem . Great quality , and the best price I was a able to find .
 Just used these on a half marathon with my vibram KSO 's and they worked really well , gave just enough additional comfort for the long run . There is already some wear on the bottom of the socks so I can only hope injinji come out with higher quality socks . In the meantime , I will probably buy additional pairs .
 I love to hike and walk during every season except winter when I get to ski instead . When spring rolls around I start walking and hiking again but go through periods of toes blistering and healing . These socks have solved that problem . My feet are able to get back in condition while not blistering . I will probably start wearing socks like this all the time . Love them !
 They deliver - exactly what I wanted
 I will be purchasing more.These are very confortable and keep my toes from getting blisters on long runs.These socks also make a great conversation peice.I think the quality of these socks is better then most normal socks .
 I do n't know if I like toe socks but if i did , I would like these ones . They are light , thin , soft and comfortable .
 My Five Finger KSOs were a tad bit too big , and these socks helped to fill the gap . They fit perfectly , and feel great between your toes . With the KSOs on , my wife and I walk our dogs without the slightest discomfort now .
 i bought these socks at first because they looked funny and was curious so i thought i would give it a try . It did take some time to get used to having my toes being separated , but after a while , i do n't even want to take them off . It did get kind of embarrassing when i take my shoes off in front of people though . but overall , i do like these socks .
 I wear them with my five fingers kso 's and my newbalance trail runners . These socks are great .
 These are great socks for running . I get bad blisters and did n't know enough to figure out why . Stop running in cotton ! Toe socks freak me out , they look weird . I still love these socks , even if it takes me a second longer to put them on.They stop the blisters . The first pair I purchased -LRB- medium -RRB- was a bit smaller than these -LRB- medium again -RRB- , not sure why but I needed the little extra so it 's perfect now . They are lightweight , so when I hand-wash them after a daily run , they are dry and ready to go by next morning
 Been a long time runner , marathons , short races . After reading about these socks for years finally decided to try them . I was concerned they might feel weird . However , found the socks are comfortable , cool , and I do n't notice and discomfort . Each toe has its own sleeve , like wearing and glove on your feet . This has cut down on any rubbing of toes against each other . I will be purchasing more of these socks soon .
 imagine a glove ... but for your feet . that 's pretty much it . not much more to say than that .
 Really comfortable . Bought the smallest size and with a little shifting and adjustment , they fit fine . I am scheduled for foot surgery between toes and the separation and bit of padding these socks offer really help . I wore them on a hike and on the treadmill and they reduced the foot pain intensity & allowed me to extend my time . I plan to purchase additional pairs .
 Originally I bought these socks to go with my vibram 's as socks are required for us . They work great I was a little worried they would take away from the shoes and make them uncomfortable . However , I do n't even notice that I am wearing them . I had no intention of wearing the socks with my normal running shoes but on a few occasions I had no choice . Now they are the only socks that I will wear when I am working out . I would recommend these to anyone . They keep my feet cooler and have decreased any hotspots that I get while running .
 These socks are perfect for use with the fibrams or the mupuk five finger shoes . Takes some getting used to but feels great once you do . Highly recomended . Only wish they made a lower cut for this sock .
 I bought these socks originally to use with my vibram five finger shoes , and I do use them for that , but I also used them on my runs with regular running sneaks . I really like them .
 Great Socks , Toed obviously . I used them for my Vibram Five Finger 's My only complaint is that they are n't lower . I 'd prefer them to pretty much match the KSO height -LRB- so they would n't come up farther than the KSO Five Fingers -RRB-
 I love these socks ! Since I have bought them I have not taken them off . You may get strange looks but the comfort you feel in these socks will over compensate the looks .
 I 'm hardly an avid runner , so I ca n't comment from that end , but for me ? These socks are worth every penny . I have wider feet with flat arches , meaning most of my exercise shoes are stability-based and lack the amazing ventilation I 'd love them to have ... which makes for very warm , sweaty feet , VERY VERY fast . I Zumba a few times a week and we also walk about 1-2 hours a night , and my warm feet were getting so blistered from rubbing toes that it was preventing me from going at all . My husband suggested trying these and I was a little worried they 'd be thick -LRB- even though it says CoolMax -RRB- , so I also bought another brand -LRB- which was awful -RRB- . The result ? They have literally SAVED my workouts . I can walk for hours or Zumba like a dork and my feet , no matter how sweaty , do n't rub or chaff , which lets me be injury-free for the next day!I am the type who grumbles about paying $ 7 for a pack of socks , so shelling out $ 12 for a single pair was NOT ideal to me ... but I love them so much , I just order two more pairs . That says something ! ; -RRB-
 Just when I thought it was supremely comfortable to barefoot my FILA Skeletoes or my Vibram FiveFingers Komodo Sport `` Toes Shoes '' -LRB- please do n't cancel my man-card -RRB- I got these beauties . WOW is all I can say . I have other brands of socks but nothing compares to the feel and fit of these Injinji 's . They wic away the moisture and stay in place . They maintain their shape through washings but mostly just feel good enough for a cigarette after you wear them with whatever minimalism shoes you have . My big Fred Flinstones 13 's fit these like a glove !
 First , the sizing was confusing , so I went to the injinji website to try to figure it out . I ordered medium and I wear a women 's size 11 -LRB- men 's size 9 -RRB- so bear in mind when ordering . That said , these are very very comfortable socks ! They felt odd when I first put them on , but once I got used to the sensation , I absolutely love them ! I am planning on transitioning to a minimal running shoe , and am confident these will help the transition .
 I bought these socks to help my from rubbing on the bottom of my Vibram Five Finger shoes because I was getting a big blister under my big toe . These socks are true to fit -LRB- I 'm a women 's 7 and I bought the small and they 're perfect -RRB- and keep my feet in place in my shoes and no more blister ! They dont make my KSO 's too tight either , I think they 're actually more comfortable with the socks now !
 I really like these socks . I used these socks during a rainy trail run . I knew my feet would be wet running through the creeks but it was also going to raining during the run . I was looking for something to prevent blisters on my toes from all the moisture . I did n't get any blisters on my toes during the race . I ended up buying 4 more pairs . I love them for running . I have small feet so I had to get used to putting them on ; I have plenty of extra room at the little toes in the socks but I have never had a problem with my toes slipping out or becoming uncomfortable . I would recommend these socks . They are not thick so I just wear another sock over them for the cold months.I used the free super saver shipping , and they still arrived with a week .
 These.socks are great . I wear them hiking and they keep your toes from rubbing . They are also great to wear for golf .
 I won a pair of these as prize at a race I did last summer and fell in love with them . Seems like I have WAY less foot fatigue after a long run and zero worry of blisters . I would have never spent this kind of money on socks before but now I am TOTALLY hooked . Best thing ever and totally worth the cost especially when you buy them on Amazon -LRB- way cheaper than any other place I have found . -RRB-
 At first the socks feel a bit constricting but after 5 minutes you ca n't feel them at all . I just ran 5 miles and had no blisters or sore toes for the first time . I am buying two more pairs now : -RRB-
 I got these so that I could run in my Bikilas without running a risk of getting blisters . As it turns out , these are also great for holding band-aids in place when certain numbskulls -- namely me -- walk barefoot on a wooden dock and end up having to dig splinters out of my toes.These are very comfortable once you get used to them , and I will be ordering more .
 I wear these with my vibrams and love them - have never gotten a blister . I 've also used them in a bunch of races , as much as 100 miles , and had great luck . However , if you 're doing a race that 's going to be really wet or have stream crossings , I would recommend getting one of the higher cut ones since the lowest cut one can fall down when it gets really wet , which is annoying and makes heel blisters more likely .
 I got these to wear with my Vibram shoes and they are great socks . I accidentally ordered small and thought I would have to send them back but they actually feel better when they are a bit tighter , especially if you are wearing them with shoes . I would say try one size smaller than you think you need.Also , much like Vibram shoes your toes will need to be in descending order for these socks to work for you .
 I bought these socks primarily b/c I recently purchased the Fila Skele-toes . These socks fit great with them . It takes a tad longer than putting on regular socks but that is expected .
 I bought these socks for two reasons - one have a pair of Vibram shoes that I wear for working out in and also I 've been having horrible blister development as I 've increased my workout time . They work great with my Vibrams as extra protection from shoe rub . But I also wear them with another pair of thin socks when I wear my regular tennis shoes and have found that they really protect me from `` between the toes '' blisters.So far they have held up well , but I do n't know if the quality of the material is much different from other `` toe '' socks that are less expensive . They are a bit pricey , I feel . And if I found a less expensive alternative , I would probably purchase them before I shelled out this price again .
 Great quality sock . Works well with the Vibram 5-fingers . I wore these for my BQ marathon and no blisters!I wore the thin injinji sock and another thin regular sock over it . -LRB- The double sock idea to prevent blisters is from an Ultra-marathoner friend -RRB- .
 I bought these to wear with my Vibrant Treks but ended up wearing them as my every day socks . They 're the most comfortable socks ever !
 I own 3 pairs of Vibrams and I love them even more , when I wear the toe socks with them .
 I have only had these for a short time , but after a few hours of wearing them to get used to the extra material , I am really enjoying them . I use these socks not only when running , but for basketball and tennis too . Works great so far , and I am going to buy more of them .
 These socks are awesome . I completed a 47 mile walk and they kept my feet dry . I did n't get any blisters and I attribute that to the socks keeping my toes separated . They are well worth it . I did try wearing them with my Vibram five fingers and the socks made them feel a little snug . Overall , the socks are great !
 I only bought this socks because of a requirement to wear socks in our physical training uniforms . So these socks allowed me to wear my five finger shoes during required PT . What I found was that I actually felt more comfortable in the Five Finger shoes with this sock than I did without them . They add just a slight amount of cushion but little bulk . I had worried at first they may bunch or cause trouble in the toe pockets but that was not the case . They also do a good job of absorbing sweat and water during longer workouts or when wearing Five Fingers during inclement weather . All and all I am quite pleased with these socks and plan to add a few more pairs to the drawer .
 The Injinji Toesock is a great addition to the Vibram Bikila Five finger running shoe . I had happily run in the Bikila for several months without socks before developing some chafing high up on my instep . The seam there became rough after several washings . I tried the Toesock and the problem was solved immediately . I was concerned that the Toesock would bunch up and cause problems because the Bikilas literally fit like a glove without socks . But , the Injinji Toesocks did not significantly change the fit of the shoe and actually added a level of comfort . I run early mornings before work and if the ground is particularly cold , that cold comes right through the thin sole and numbs my toes . Now with the Toesocks , there is just enough insulation to ward off the cold . If you run with the barefoot style shoes , I highly recommend the Injinji Toesocks . They will enhance your barefoot running experience .
 I ordered two different kinds of toesocks from Injinji . I got a mini-crew pair and these mico toesocks . I wanted to try the different styles and weights . What I did n't expect was the difference in size . These were much smaller . They are supposed to fit women 's shoe sizes 6 to 81/2 . I am a 61/2 and I can barely make them fit . Someone who is a size 8 could never wear them.I am happy with them ; they do what I wanted them to do -- prevent pinch blisters on my toes .
 I bought these after getting bad blisters while playing sports . I intended to use them as inner socks , to wear over the calf socks over these , as blister protection . Problem solved . Quality socks ! The individual toe holes take some getting used to though !
 First time purchase of any sock/shoe of this kind and certainly not my last ! I feel great when I wear them and it improves my performance when running . Customer for life !
 I bought these for my husband who owns a pair of Fila 4 Toe shoes . These are the only type of socks that will fit inside . I have purchased Injinji Performance Toesocks previously and found them to be durable and well made . They are a bit pricey per pair but pairing them up with 4 or 5 toe shoes does not create a lot of choices .
 I absolutely love these socks ! They are very comfortable and just what I was looking for to keep my toes from rubbing together while running . They were delivered on time and were in perfect condition .
 These are my preferred running and hiking socks ... the best I 've found for preventing blisters . They 're not padded so I do n't care for them when I 'm going to be just standing a lot , like I do at work . But when running , I prefer blister prevention over sock padding .
 I use these with my vibrum five fingers . They fit great and cut down on the blisters that I got from first wearing the five fingers .
 Really did n't need the socks for my Vibram Bikilas . Gave it a shot . Pefect fit and comfortable . No regrets . Got a few extra pairs .
 I was nervous about these socks at first , but I have to admit they are phenomenal . I run 4-5 days a week 3-6 miles at a time and these socks have changed my focus and energy level . Highly recommend !
 best socks i have purchased , the price is high but well worth it . this company makes a great product you will not be dissapointed . goes great with the vibrant shoes
 I wear these type socks and footlets for relief from one toe that has started going under the toe next to it . On my feet for hours and it gets painful . These are well made , keep toes straight -LRB- like when I was younger -RRB- and keep me going painfree . I wish this company made this style , little footlets that do n't show with dress shoes .
 Highly recommended . These are Best kind of socks to get for your toed shoes . Good quality . I use them for working out mainly
 If you 're running in Vibram 5Finger shoes I believe these are absolutely required , especially if you will be trail running -LRB- re
 I got these socks to wear with my Vibram KSO Trek shoes . So far , I have found that it is a good fit and its comfortable . I just hope that it will stand the test of time . I will have to update this review in a few months .
 Good Product . Turned out just as described on the site . Would recommend it to everyone . I think its a little overpriced . Similar products available at much lower rates .
 I am a blister prone Marathon runner and spent years looking for the right sock - INJINJI is it ! In the 4 years I have been wearing these socks I have run 4 Marathons , and dozens of 5K and 10K races and I 've gotten exactly zero blisters . I wo n't wear any other sock .
 Bought these for my son who wears those toe shoes
 These are not bad , it 's a little different putting them on , but once you get use to it , not really a problem at all . I run in the merrell barefoot shoe and these are perfect for these type of shoes !!!
 Very comfortableEasy to wear & washUsed with my vibram fivefinger shoes for a run . Keeps dirt and sand out & protects ankles from chaffing
 I guess they performed well for my son . He used these with toe shoes in a `` Tough Mudder '' event . Unfortunately he lost one of the four socks he had for this event . It '' s not only tough on your body but tough on your clothes as well . He finished the event , and I 'm proud of him for this .
 I have severe hammer toes . These socks keep my toenails from digging into toes . Great for preventing blisters and great conversation starters . Highly recommend !
 They fit great inside my FiveFingers . They keep my shoes clean and I think it makes the shoes a little easier to put on . The socks , however , do take a little finesse to get the toes to fit right . The socks feel great and stay where they 're supposed to .
 I bought these socks to go inside my Vibrams Five Fingers Bikila LS , and they work perfectly . Do not take up too much toe space or room in the shoe . I normally wear a Women 's 8.5 -LRB- US -RRB- and I wear a 40 Womens -LRB- EU -RRB- in Vibrams . I ordered a medium because I did n't think a small would fit even though the range went up to 8.5 . The mediums fit very well and are shaped so well I feel like they were made for my feet . The heel is even stitched in such a way that you can see where your heel would go when you are not wearing them . I find these very comfortable when I have my Vibrams on , but a little weird to wear by themselves . Also , when I first tried them on out of the box I had an allergic reaction to some detergent or starch in the sock but after washing them and hanging them to dry I had no problems . So I would suggest to wash before wearing the first time -LRB- assuming they fit -RRB- . The instructions say to hang dry , and I could see how drying these socks would make the toes not fit anymore . Would definitely recommend to anyone in need of toe socks . Also the height of the sock is as shown in the images , just above the ankle bone .
 These socks work good with Vibram Five Fingers . They are a little snug . Good product to help keep feet warmer in cold whether .
 There is some extra cloth on the little toe and I notice it when I am putting the Vibram Five Finger shoes on but after a minute of wear it feels normal . An obvious tip
 Okay so I bought these because I bought a pair of Vibram shoes . The socks are great but have some major drawbacks when not used with the Vibram shoes.First of all , these socks are supposed to cool your feet . You will have to get used to this feature because it will feel as if your foot was numbed the first couple of times you wear the socks . This happens mostly when wearing the socks without my Vibrams on . Because of this , I can never wear these socks without wearing shoes . The other major issue is that I can not wear these socks with any other shoes except my Vibrams . Since traditional socks consist of one dome of material over your foot there is minimal cluttering of material . This sock obviously covers the toes so there are layers of sock between your toes . When wearing these socks with traditional shoes , I feel as if my toes are squished together due to that extra material in between my toes . This might be a personal issue though because I do have wide feet and I tend to buy wide shoes.In my personal opinion , I can safely say that these socks work more than fine in my Vibrams but are a disaster for me in any other situation . I 'm giving it four stars because they work for what I expected but lack versatility . I never expected to use them for anything else , though .
 injinji Micro Toesocks are very well made . The material seems to very comfortable . They stay in place , without slipping down in my shoes
 These socks do what they are supposed to do and thats it . Due to my wearing of Vibram Five Fingers I am required to wear socks with some of my work related activities and it was either these or cut off socks which tend to roll up . They product is good , they hold up well , breath well , and are very thin . The downside is they are stupidly expensive . I have recently purchasedadidas Men 's Climalite II 2-Pack Low Cut Sock , Shoe Size 6-12which can be cut off near the mid section and since they have an elastic type band in the middle they stay together better than regular cut off socks and do n't roll up as much .
 I purchased these for my son who wore his Skeletoes without socks the first time and said he needed socks . Odd coming from someone who loves to wear his sneakers without socks ... He is between a size 7 and 8 mens so I purchased the small -LRB- size 5-7 -RRB- . They are a little tight but I was afraid if I got the next size up they would be swimming on him . They fit fine and snug which is probably good since you do n't want a lot of extra fabric in these form fitting shoes.So far so good . They were comfortable for him to wear all day and when he first put his foot in the Skeletoes with the socks on he said , `` That 's so much better . `` We 'll see how they hold up with use and washing . I 'll come back and update after we 've used them for a number of months .
 could have been a 5 star but $ 12.00 for one pair of socks should be at least two in the pack anyways great sock for the new Filas Skele-Toes
 I love my Vibrams , mostly because I found these socks to wear with them . These socks are wonderful - truly , wonderful does n't even begin to cover how much I love these socks . I 've had issues with my toes rubbing against each other and blistering for years , but with these , all the moisture is wicked away , leaving me perfectly comfortable and blister-free . I wo n't leave home in my Vibrams without these socks on underneath them.The ultimate test for them was the time my husband and I both did two two-hour hikes in Mammoth Caves in Kentucky . I fully expected to be horribly uncomfortable for the entire day . Not only are caves chilly and wet -LRB- prime conditions for blistering to occur -RRB- , but due to me accidentally stepping right into a fire ant bed a day before I left to go on the trip , I also had several large and painful fire ant bites all over the top of my right foot . I had been looking forward to this trip for months , though , and I decided that , no matter what , I 'd make it through the hikes , even if it was painful and I had to walk slowly . I crossed my fingers and put on these socks under my Vibrams , hoping that they 'd protect me , but honestly not expecting too much . During the hikes , my feet felt great - I even forgot about the ant bites because they did n't hurt at all . After the hikes , my feet were blister-free -LRB- except for the ant bites -RRB- , and the ant bites were completely undisturbed and not irritated at all from having the sock over them . I was so relieved to not be in horrible pain , and I am convinced that I would n't have enjoyed that hike at all , had I not had these socks to protect my injured feet.Unfortunately , they are expensive , and it 's a pain having to fish them out of the wet laundry in my washer and hang them up to dry rather than just throwing them in the dryer with the rest of my laundry . In my opinion , I 'd rather pay a little more and go to a little bit of extra trouble to save myself the pain and discomfort of blisters .
 I have owned the vibram 5 finger KSO treks for about 10 months at this point and had reached a point where cold temps would not let me wear them anymore . I bought these socks in black to match my kso treks . These socks make all the difference for wearing vibram 5 fingers.They are very thin and will not cause any problems with wearing for a long time , and also even though the five fingers are a tight fit these socks are good to wear with them shoes .
 this product was a good buy and shiped fast and eficent . these socks fit well in my vibrams and they not only keep your feet cool but they also keep your feet warm , and because they dry fast when they get wet your feet stay warner . i walked through about 6 iches of snow in my vibrams and my feet didnt get cold . these also keep my vibrams from geting to smelly before you have to wash them , if you had several pairs you would never have to wash your vibrams . since i bought theses i have bought about 4 more pairs , one of then is their meduim thickness pair and they work even better to keep your feet warm than the thin ones . in the end i would recoment these socks to anyone with a pair of vibrams .
 I 'd never worn 5-toe socks before I splurged on a few pairs of these . They look great , are very comfortable and are every bit as durable as the best socks i 've tried . As you can imagine , they take a tad bit more effort to take on and pull off -- you ca n't yank them off like you can normal socks , but you get used to it . While I 'm sure mostly runners use these socks , anyone who has to do a lot of walking will get benefit from these . They totally prevent your toes from rubbing making blisters and sore toes a distant memory . These are right up there with sliced bread . Just do n't try to eat them .
 The injinji toe socks are perfect for Vibram 5-finger shoes . The socks are thin , so they fit comfortably with the shoes . I 've also worn them when wearing more traditional shoes and they are comfortable . They wash well , keeping their shape and elasticity .
 because they have individual toes built in . At first I found them to be a little uncomfortable but after wearing over time these socks are very comfortable .
 This product makes the world of difference when running , in that it keeps your toes from rubbing against one another , which in turn helps them from not getting raw & itchy . Highly recommend this product !
 So far the socks are fine and seem to be working . takes time to put them on and get them on the right toes .
 Bought two sets for my Iraqi mission , Well stiched and comfortable . Highly recommended and price is affortable . You 're toes will thank you for it : -RRB-
 Bought these socks for my husband and son who wear vibrums . Keeps their feet cool and reduces odor build up in vibrums .
 I read many reviews on this product and it has many good reviews . I order a pair to try it out . Yes !!! No lie it 's really comfortable . I took it on my camping trip and fell in love with it . Really comfortable . I am planning to bring this on my next vacation . I think it will work great with all that walking .
 Not too hot and just the right fit , i ordered 10 pairs . 5 white / 5 gray . Everywhere i take my shoes off people ask me where i got these - perfect for the new FiveFinger shoes !
 I love these socks !! It feels as if my toes are being individually massaged . I love the snug feel of them around my toes . I am not a runner so I ca n't speak to the issues they are looking for , but my feet are dry , cool , & comfortable all day in these . I will be buying more & more .
 I 'm able to get all my toes into all the toe slots of my KSOs with these socks . Additionally , they make a big difference in protection from sharp pea gravel . Yea , still feel them , but no sharp pains . I 'll be getting a back up pair .
 The price is on par with what you get here . Sure the socks are expensive , but I am using them only for my running training and I got to say for running they are spectacular . Super comfortable . They look stupid and you will mistake them for gloves , but they are amazing for running .
 I 've been wearing these socks for jogging and at work -LRB- I 'm on my feet all day -RRB- . My toes are thankful for the separation . I inherited pinky toes that like to curl under the next toe and these help eliminate friction damage . With these socks and good insoles , my feet and legs are not tired at the end of the day .
 Great socks but why do they have to cost so much ? Am I paying extra for the toes ? Helped keep my boyfriends feet warm on cold morning runs , so I 'm happy .
 These are the best for Vibram users . Highly recommend them . They do take a little getting used to at first and a little frustrating to put on the first couple of days but you get the hang of it very quickly .
 When I got my first pair I left them in my closet for a few months until I bought some Vibrams . When I took them out to wear them with my new shoes I found that one of them had a hole in the seem between the big toe and the toe next to it . I was very disappointed but I decided to get another pair to see if this was a quality issue or just happened to be a mistake . I got my second pair and I love to wear them . My feet get slightly chilly in the winter but these socks do keep them warmer than nothing and they work great with my Vibram KSOs . The ankle fit does look so attractive with the Vibrams but it keeps the ankle from developing blisters and helps with gunk build-up in the shoes .
 These would be 5 stars if they made the toes a little longer . I have size 11.5 feet , but I guess my toes are longer than most people 's so they do n't quite make it all the way down my big toe . Other than that they work very well . They keep my fivefinger shoes smell free .
 At first these socks are a bit snug , but after you wear them they streach to fit your foot , and dont shrink in the wash . They are perfect with tennis shoes or just around the house . I love the rubber on the bottom so you dont slip around on laminate/tiled/wood floors !
 I bought these socks for my Five Fingers , but ended up running a marathon in them . I was having bad blisters on the tops of my second and third toes after long runs -LRB- 15 + miles -RRB- and gave them a shot . For the marathon , I also sprayed some second skin -LRB- I forget the brand -RRB- but afterwards I had no blisters anywhere . Very happy with these socks . -LRB- As an aside , I also own the lightweight version of these . Great for Five Fingers , too loose for regular shoes . -RRB-
 I have n't been running long , saw these in a running magazine just had to try them!Now I need some more !
 I am a diabetic that has had toe complications , not lost any but have had to have surgery to help a diabetic ulcer heal.The socks are great , have only worn with my vibrams -LRB- komodo -RRB- . Very comfortable and fit great.I have size 12 feet , the chart says I should wear a large . . but took the advice I read in a couple of articles and ordered the size larger . Not disapointed so far ... some say that they had a bit extra toe lenght , but I have not had they issue they fit great.I would recommend to anyone , especially diabetics , who want a comfortable walk and support helping to keep healthy feet .
 They have made socks that allow me to grab objects with my toes AND stay warm ! The fact that they make them in stylish black with a minimalist logo and in sizes that fit my rather large feet make this a wonderful and fantastic innovation in undershoe garment technology previously only accessible to the youth . Brilliant !
 great socks , came fast fit well only 1 sock had logo tho . and a little pricey but i love them i wear them in my normal shoes too
 At first I hated these socks because I never wore toe socks and the only reason I bought them is because I bought me a pair of vibram toe shoes . After awhile I got use to it being between my toes and now I love them and are by far the most comfy socks , while second best . Asics are the best but these are better than any Nike socks .
 I typically get blisters between every toe when I walk . These socks have solved this problem 100 % ! Love them - I never wear my sneakers without them .
 These socks are so comfortable -- not too thick . I bought them for leisure and they are so comfortable . They appear to be made well with good , tight seams . I think the sizes tend to run small . I wear a size 10.5 to 11 women 's shoe size , but I ordered the large -LRB- 12 + -RRB- and they fit just right . I think the 9-11 size would have been too small . I plan on ordering more of these . They are really comfortable !
 These feel great and take practically no getting use to at all . Just wear them for a couple minutes , walk around , and your feet will naturally get comfortable with the sock . Try them out and see for yourself just how comfortable they are !
 These have been a source of interest to my family and friends . They think that these socks are pretty weird , but I do n't care because they do their job . They keep my toes dry . They 're not too thick or warm either . I 'll definitely be buying more and I would recommend them to my friends . I like these better than the crew socks . The toes are a little tighter than the crew socks , but that was n't a big deal .
 I bought these socks on a lark for my husband and myself . It is a truly weird feeling to have your toes separated from each other in this sock . Still , we enjoy wearing them on days when we know we will be walking around for most of the day . The separation really does cut down on blisters . Fair warning , my husband found these socks to run a bit small , so if you are at the top end of the size range , go for the next larger size .
 These were a little thinner than I expected for a ` performance sock ' ; they were about the thickness of a pair of average cotton dress socks . They were very comfy in the toes , but I usually wear something more padded for running , so they felt a little weird under the ball of my foot . My toes felt great after running in them - I have overlapping toes that can get crunched together and blistered.I would love to get a pair of these with extra cushioning just on the bottom . I do n't think the toe area could be much thicker and still work . A taller pair of these work work well as a liner sock inside hiking boots .
 I was looking for socks that were comfortable in my walking shoes since I am going on a walking tour of Italy . I 've been testing them out for the last 2 days and am very pleased with how they feel . I like the weight of the sock ; it adds a thin layer of comfort to my walking shoes . I was a little worried that the extra material around each toe would make my shoes feel too tight but they do n't , well except for around my big toe . That feels a little snug , but not uncomfortable . Putting on the socks works best if you line up your big toe and then put each toe in , one at a time . The only problem I had was with my little toe . It took just a little more finesse to get it in the sock . I must have an extra short little toe because all of the other toes fit the sock great , but there is extra length on the little toe . I ca n't really feel that in my shoe , though . The socks have not slipped down over my heels ; they are staying in place . I like these socks so much , I am getting another pair .
 The socks fit perfect . They fit into the barefoot shoe almost as if I did n't have them on . Made a huge difference in the friction between the shoe and my skin . They add just enough padding to make those 5K 's a little easier on the feet . I did n't have any trouble with the toes not being too short or being to long . I will definitely get another pair .
 I play a lot of tennis and have been suffering from friction pain on the bottoms of my feet while playingtennis . I have tried everything with no luck untilI found these socks . NO friction and no pain . Really wonderful . Their claims of no friction are really true .
 this sock is very light weighted , comfortable and easier to slip on then I thought . Perfect fit with my new Vibram , loving it !
 I love them and will probably never run in anything else again . Takes a very short time to get used to and then very comfortable and well worth the money . That all said , Amazon 's review process sucks .
 I am a fitness walker and during the summer when it 's hot outside , my last 2 toes get very bad blisters in them ... I purchased a pair of these socks and guess what ? No more blisters ! The socks arrived quickly and they are so comfortable : -RRB-
 I 've only used these once but they provide a lot more comfort than going bare with just my Vibram Fivefingers . My feet usually get sore after walking for too long but they 're able to take more impact as the socks provide some extra cushion . They fit well and look good with the Vibrams . I have n't tried to wash these yet but with a few people saying the washing machine rips them up , I 'll probably hand wash them just in case .
 This is a really good stuff . I 've worn it twice already for running . Bought it for an upcoming 10 miler . Had issues with other socks before for a race longer than 10k . I like this a LOT . I recommend it . I will be buying a few more soon .
 These socks are everything they say and more !! I bought the injinji Performance Original Weight Micro Toesocks , Black Medium . My shoe size is between a 10.5 and 11 and since that 's the difference in a med . and a large I went with the med . thinking I would rather them be tight than loose and they fit perfectly !! I work in a restaurant and I 'm on my feet all day these socks never slip down and stay dry and keep my feet at the perfect temperature ! The best thing about these socks are that they align my toes making my whole foot feel sooo much better at the end of the night !!! I highly recommend these socks for everyone !! and I will be throwing away all my other socks and buying more of these !
 These are great toe socks ! :-RRB- If you have any bunions , they are excellent . These socks separate your toes , properly . One of my feet has a bunion and these toe socks really highlight the difference & leaning that occurs w / a bunion , on the other toes -LRB- not good -RRB- . I have tried another kind of toe sock and not only were they not the same , they really hurt the foot and toes & caused extreme pain . The fabric was different & sizing ; whereas the Injinji brand - are a softer fabric and more `` giving '' for movement , or in my case - leaning that may occur ! A sure fit and perfect true to size fitting as well . : -RRB-
 This is the best pair of socks I 've ever worn . They are form fitting and they Go great with my Vibrams .
 The injiji toesocks are the best stocks to go along with Vibram shoes . The fit well and do not snuggle up .
 Male responder ; I have one toe -LRB- next to pinky toe -RRB- that likes to rest partially under the middle toe . After a day of walking around in normal socks the cuticle on the toe underneath is displaced and gets fairly tender . . These socks cure that problem completely . Very comfortable . This is first experience with toe socks - they are kind of a pain to put on but it 's worth it .
 I used to get a large blister between my two smallest toes on really long runs -LRB- 20 miles and over -RRB- . I tried Body Glide and Vaseline which helped , but they made a mess out of my socks . Then I tried a pair of Injinjis and the problem completely went away . Since the sock material wraps each toe , they move against each other with very little friction . I do n't even notice the feeling of the sock material between each toe , and I do n't feel like they stuff the toe box of my shoes either . If you have toe-blister problems , try a pair . The micro length comes up just above the cuff of my shoes , and is perfect for hot weather .
 They were a little higher on my leg than I like , so I gave them to my father and he loves them.He is a runner and they work perfectly for what he needs them for . I definantly recomend them to anyone who likes socks a little taller on your leg .
 this is exactly what it says it is , it came on time , and works great with my vibrims , but of course isnt required
 These socks were for my son , who runs lots of races . He was getting blisters on his toes , but with these socks , no more blisters . He wears them under high quality running shoes , and under minimalist shoes . He 's very happy with the socks .
 I used to make fun of people for wearing these , but now my feel feel free and avoid stinking from wearing no socks . Try them and be a converted believer .
 I love injinji socks ! They fit just right and are perfect for running in vibrams . I got the black ones instead of the white ones because they cover up stains better .
 These socks are awesome . I wear them with my vibram shoes , and they feel great ! Wish they were n't so expensive though .
 I recently purchased the Vibram five finger shoes and was reading online about the socks made for them . The socks fit good and made it easier toget use to the shoes during the break end period . They dont bunch up in the toe of the shoe like I thought they would . Keep up the good work .
 SO comfy ! These work great with my Vibram shoes . They are true to size , and fit perfectly -LRB- I 'm a size 7.5 women 's and I got a size small in the socks -RRB- . I would recommend these to anyone that is looking for comfortable alternatives to traditional socks , or for socks to go with their 5 finger Vibram shoes .
 Love these toe socks , you feel like you have more balance and control when wearing them even in regular athletic shoes . Will be buying more .
 Great product . Both my spouse and myself love them . Good fit , comfortable and do not work their way down into your shoes . Feet seem much cooler even after hours of wear . We have reordered additional pairs .
 These are my favorite socks , except for putting them on my feet . I have a serious case of hammer toe , so these ca n't just be pulled on ; you have to work each of the individual toes . Which is good if you 're in the process of papering your feet , or you need to warm your feet up a little bit in the morning . But they are fantastic as far as keeping your toes warm , they wick the sweat away quite well , and have thus far proved durable for someone who 's running around on concrete 8-10 hours five days a week .
 Most comfortable socks I 've ever worn for running . Considering buying more to wear all the time for everything . Love these !
 I specifically bough these for use with some Vibram Five Fingers shoes and now I wear them all the time . They are just the right thickness that they do n't mess up the feel of the Vibram shoes , very snug fitting . They wick moisture superbly and seem to wear well , we 'll see over time if the continue to hold up well . They are fairly expensive so it can be a tough purchase decision but , for me they were a good value .
 They fit grate , I ware a size 13 shoe and the large fits me grate . the toes streach a little bit . Ill put up some pics if i remember .
 I am an avid walker and 5K runner and have long had a problem with blisters between my toes . I have used bandaids , moleskin , vaseline , and chafing creams without much success . I have tried different shoes and different socks in various combinations . I bought a pair of the Vibram barefoot running shoes and love them ... no blisters ! But they are too thin to wear in the winter and not sturdy enough for hiking . These socks are perfect ! My toes are blister free , they actually keep my feet cooler , and they can be worn with any athletic shoe or even boots .
 This is a great sock for the Vibram running toe shoes . Definately recommend these ... they are thin enough so your feet do not burn up whil you have them on .
 I ran 13-15 miles in my regular socks and got one big blister . Since then , I bought these socks and have used them on all my long runs . So far , I 've ran up to 18 miles and no more blisters ! I plan to use these socks for an upcoming marathon . I still have the bruised toes , though . I run a lot and was hoping these socks would stop my toes from bruising too , but unfortunately , they have not . I have yet to find that magical item . I have changed shoe sizes , brands , socks , bandaids , etc. . Any ideas ?
 These socks are great . I bought them to wear with my Vibram Five Fingers . They are soft and fit nice and snug and do n't bunch up and the heel does n't ride down as I run . Great find !
 Great sock ! Better in my opinion than the color banded one as this one does n't have stitching on the inside of sock . Wish they were cheaper but I guess the labor to add 5 toes is considerably more .
 I enjoy doing charity walks , but suffer from blisters between the toes after the events . Doing some research online on blister prevention , one solution was to purchase toe socks . Most sites recommended the brand , Injinji . After purchasing these socks , I walked over 6 miles in them and did n't get any blisters , wearing the same running shoes that I normally wear . I usually develop them after 3 miles or so . They are truly a life saver . I plan to go hiking and will be looking into this brand again.This was my first toe sock purchase but definitely wo n't be my last .
 As mentioned in the title , overall , I like the socks . They 're comfortable and I have n't had any of the problems mentioned above about there being too much fabric on the toes . Maybe I just have big toes , but either way , they fit me well . They 're not quite seamless , but the seam that is there , is pretty much unnoticeable.The only problem I could say about them is that they 're pretty expensive . I really only bought them hoping that they came in a bundle . If there were three to a pack , I would probably replace all of my normal day-to-day socks with these . But at $ 10 a pair , I 'll stick to just using these as a personal treat . Probably wo n't buy again unless the price drops significantly .
 I agree with the other reviewers that these do n't work well with my Vibram KSO 's . The injinji liners work ok with the Vibrams but the performance micros are too thick.That said , I love the feel of these socks . They promote good toe separation and are very comfortable . I did a mud run in them and they held up well , prevented blisters , and wicked enough to not have my foot be a wet , shredded mess at the end.The one criticism is that they wear quickly . After only a few washes and light/casual usage around the house and on interval runs some of my socks are becoming thread bare around the midfoot and heel .
 I bought these socks along with a pair of 2010 Vibram Bikila toe shoes . The socks feel great and work well with the Vibrams . I have n't really put them through the paces since I mostly run without them , but they seem to be hardy enough for frequent use.One warning before buying
 These fit perfectly and have just the right amount of material around each toe to feel comfy . I am size 13-14 US and have rather wide feet , and these socks fit me fine . My Girlfriend wore a pair earlier and she says they fit her just fine , and her feet are significantly smaller than mine , so they have a great range of fit!I wear these when I wear my Vibram Five-Fingers KSO for Men ... Highly Recommended for use whit Vibram Products .
 The good - these socks do the trick in terms of helping toes discomfort I was having during the weekly long runs!The not so go - sizes are a little small , takes a little effort to get toes in .
 I really like my socks because they hold my toes straighter but wishthey were a little bit strong because my toes are so crocked that wouldhelp to walk better.Shirley
 If money did n't matter I 'd buy 50 pairs of these . Probably the most expensive running sock I 'll ever buy ... And my toes are a little too fat , but that is MY problem ... not the socks
 Not much to say about toe socks or socks in general . I bought a few of these and very much enjoy wearing them on long runs . Avoids toes beings squished and blisters . Takes a bit longer to put them on , but much recommended .
 I bought these as a gift for my husband , who runs about 20 miles a week . He says , `` they are very comfortable and doesnt even feel like you have socks on but no blisters . ''
 Great product and great response . the socks feels great with the Vibram Fivefinger shoes . I recommend this product for anyone even if you do n't have the shoes .
 Once you start using these socks you wo n't want to go back to regular socks . It takes a little getting use to putting them on .
 I got these socks mainly out of curiosity and also because I saw a lot of reviews from runners . I like to run but it 's mainly while playing games like basket ball or soccer etc. and I wanted a sock that did n't slip around in the shoe or get completely soaked after a while . I really like the feel of the socks and they seem to work as described . They really keep my feet warm and dry . I think they look cool and they shipped really fast and arrived earlier than estimated . Great product .
 I saw these socks on amazon and thought how slly they look.I read a review from a runner who said they were great . I decided to try some . Well I now have about 12 pair . I have always had corns between my toes that are very painful . since that first pair my feet feel better than ever.I never go anywhere without these on my feet.They can be a little hard to put on but worth the effort . I recommend to anyone with or without a problem .
 Injinji toe socks are great . I wear them with my vibram five finger running shoes . They are awsome .
 Currently , I 'm training for a marathon and have had a serious problem with blisters . I have been on the search for a solution to the enormous blisters that formed between my toes on long runs -LRB- 10 + miles -RRB- , and band-aids and tape just were n't cutting it . I figured with the five finger phenomena going on , I could find some sporty toe socks , which would cut down on the friction between toes . I came across these and have been very impressed . The difference between runs with and without these socks are like night and day . I no longer get large blood blisters between my toes . There are different thicknesses for these socks . I have tried both the original weight and light weight socks . They both serve a great purpose , but if you are looking for durability , I would go with the original weight socks . The orginal weight socks have held up well even on my 18 + mile days . The light weight version of these socks helped prevent blisters , but they got holes in them easily -LRB- on 5 mile and under days -RRB- . Overall , I am very impressed with the original weight version of these socks . I felt my money was very well spent to eliminate blisters from my running routine !
 I bought these before running my first marathon . I had been prepared for blisters on my foot , but I was n't ready for the amount of blistering I was getting between my toes on my long runs . Even bodyglide , vaseline , aquaphor , and moleskin were n't perfect solutions . The vaseline , aquaphor , and bodyglide wore of by 20 miles -LRB- I ended up having to add more at aid stations -RRB- . Moleskin is good for after the blister happens , but not for preventing them , so much . These socks prohibit the toes from rubbing together , so if they 're well fitted , they solve the problem.However , what I found is that initially , my feet were uncomfortable after wearing these for a bit . My toes would ache . I 'm not sure if that 's a result of me wearing heels too much and my toes getting used to being fairly crammed together , but it did take some breaking in for me to be able to wear these for extended periods . I wore them around the house and running errands for a few days , and that solved the problem . I have come to love these as an everyday sock , too.The microfiber is great ; I like these more than the regular injinji socks because of the breathability . They keep my toes cool and wick away moisture well . For me , these have been a toe-saver , so to speak !
 I have Vibram Five Fingers shoes and I loved running and walking around in them but I found that if I went on a run of any significant length I got blisters on my feet . These socks are the perfect answer ! They fit securely within the shoes and I do n't have any problems with circulation , tightness , or shoe fit . Best of all , I can go on long runs and not get any blisters or have any of the discomfort that I had before.As for quality , the socks are well constructed and easy to get on and off . I find them comfortable and so far they have shown good durability but I 've only been running in them for a couple months . I would highly recommend these , particularly to anyone using Vibram who has issues with blisters .
 The toesocks are wonderful ! Suffer from arthritis and sometimes it is very painful to walk . Received these socks from my children and what a difference ! I can walk freely now and suffer little pain . Wonderful fabric , easy to wash and just love them
 These socks not only fit perfectly with Vibram Fivefingers footwear , they also feel great , help eliminate footwear odor , and get lots of looks .
 Great Socks to run in and they do n't show too much with the vibram shoes .
 I 'm new to the idea of toe socks -LRB- purchased because I wanted to wear them with Vibram Five Fingers -RRB- but am quite taken with the idea . I would recommend them to everyone to wear with any kind of shoes .
 I recently developed bunions and I started looking for things to ease the pain . I noticed that my socks were often squeezing my toes together which caused more pain , particularly my workout socks . I bought 1 pair of these socks to try out and noticed an immediate difference . I 'm very pleased w/the quality of the socks . I get alot of friction when I work out in other socks because I have custom orthotics that build the inside of the shoe up which causes the back of my heel to slip . When I wear these socks , I do n't notice the friction at all . The fit is great , I love them . I 've already purchased several more pairs and plan to buy more for fall in the taller style for everyday use.side note
 This is the only running sock I can wear . No matter how short I clip my toenails , over time one toe will cut the neighboring toe . This is avoided with the Injinji . I wear them year-round and although they are a rather thin sock , my feet are warm enough . They are moisture wicking . It takes some practice getting them on . I make sure to pull them off -LRB- gently -RRB- by the toe for washing . They are not the most durable and I 've mended them at the crease and at the top of the big toe . Even with this , they are extremely comfortable and worth the money .
 I bought these socks on a whim because I just purchased a pair of Vibram FiveFinger Bikila LS toe shoes . Love the shoes , but I am not wearing these socks with them because the shoes are skin tight without the socks . I have ended up wearing my injinji 's with every other pair of shoes I own . I currently have 3 pairs of these socks and will be purchasing more very soon . I will never wear a regular pair of socks again . I am officially a toe-sock convert . They allow a greater range of motion and completely eliminate toe bunching caused by socks .
 I got my first pair of five toe running shoes and was unsure if I should get the socks , but after one run with the socks I knew I would never run without them again . I tried to run without the socks the first time I ran and the shoes rubbed my feet raw . Not only are the socks extremely comfortable and good protection from the inside of the shoes , they look cool too . I highly recommend them to anyone who plans to put a lot of miles in the five toe shoes . Also for my fellow Marines who are getting the five toe shoes , white socks are part of the P.T. uniform so you should get these and avoid your NCO having a reason to chew you out .
 my buddys talk about me when they come over and see them on my feet but I love them gotem on right now .
 The socks are exactly what you 'd expect . They fit very well , and are comfortable . I bought them to wear with my vibrams but they 're comfortable enough to wear with pretty much anything for pretty much anything .
 Love these ; makes wearing my Vibram Fivefingers much more comfortable . Only complaint I have is that they started pilling after just a few washes . Otherwise , they 're great .
 I love these socks and they are worth the money ! I do not get blisters anymore and they are comfortableand keep my feet happy and dry ! Worth the investment
 I 'm an avid runner and I have 8 different pairs of Injinji socks . The gray socks are the way to go because they will not fade like the black ones or stain like the white ones . I have not experienced any fitting problems -LRB- shoe size 10 , medium sock size -RRB- and my Injinji socks are my preferred socks for race day , even over my `` high performance '' pricier athletic socks . I own two pairs of Five Finger shoes -LRB- KSOs and Bikila LS -RRB- and the socks are a perfect fit . Getting them on and off are not as smooth as conventional socks but I choose to sacrifice a few seconds of extra effort over discomfort , blisters , or hot feet . They are perfect as winter socks with my Five Fingers -LRB- in Houston 's mild winters -RRB- . I have ran as much as a marathon in them . Love my Injinjis .
 They are good socks.The only thing I do n't like is the size of the branding on the socks .
 I bought these as a gift for our grandson ! He says he can never have too many of the injinji toesocks . He runs track and these are the most comfortable and absorbent socks he has ever run across .
 Anyway i try it one time , just to know how feel , and feel good but !! my mistake was i get ones more small than i am :-LRB- ,
 I did the Breast Cancer 3 Day 60 mile walk with this socks AND was blister free . I always got blisters in the past . I love these socks . I would STRONGLY recommend these socks to anyone who walks long distance .
 These socks are great for running , VIbrams or no . Also very comfortable to lounge around in . If you wear them with Vibrams it can feel like your toes are being constricted if your VFFS fit snugly .
 I chafe . I bike or run more than an hour , it 's nightmarish and finding gear that helps is my constant quest . These socks do it for me . I no longer have to carry first aid tape and band aids for my toes because these prevent the blisters and chafing between them . Also , I wear Vibrams on a regular basis , and can not wear them without socks without blistering the bottom of my toes so these also solve that problem .
 My wife put them on she loves them . I have had mine on all day and they work great . Absolutely wonderful fit , feel and function .
 I bought a pair of Vibram Five-Fingers and needed some socks -LRB- my feet sweat -RRB- to wear with them . I shopped around these got some great reviews , so I finally went and got some . I wear a size 9.5 shoe -LRB- 42 in Vibram -RRB- and I tried on the medium socks . They were good , but a little tall . I then tried on the small and they were perfect in height . They barely showed over my very low Vibrams . However , I noticed they put some stress on the slots between my toes . It was n't uncomfortable , just a little distracting.For this round , I decided on the mediums and they work a little better . They are taller -LRB- just over my ankle -RRB- and the toe slots seem a little better . These socks breathe really well and keep my feet cool . May not be the best for winter since they do breathe so well , but I love them during the summer . My Vibrams were a little long and these socks help me fill them out better .
 I love these socks ! I have been taping my toes for months now and after wearing these socks I have had no blistering and rubbing .
 My feet have never been as dry after a run . Only think that would make these better would be an L or R to more quickly differentiate which sock is for which foot .
 These fit well with my Vibrams and are great for just wearing around the house , but I 've noticed they pill incredibly easily and are pricey . The fit is a bit higher than I anticipated , but they 're good socks and work well while running .
 Very comfortable to wear . I wear them with my Vibrams five fingers and with regular dress shoes . But after only 1 wash already looked and felt old . Itd be ok if they had packs of more than one pair for a better deal . but overall OK
 The socks are awesome . They work very well with five finger shoes if you have them . They are also very comfy in regular shoes . The durability could be a bit better , that is why they lose one star . Overall great sock -LRB- if a bit pricy -RRB- .
 This is like the 3rd or 4th pair of these I have ordered and the quality is great and so is the price.I wear them every time I wear my VFF 's so they do n't get all sweaty and stinky !
 I 've used these socks one time so far on a 5 mile run . No blisters or rubbing so far so good !
 They came as expected , fit as expected and seem to be doing everything they claimed to . Work well with Vibrams.con
 I like the socks . They work well with the vibrams , but they attract a lot of fuz and hair . That annoys me , I feel like they are never clean even when they come right out of the wash .
 Like most I ordered these for use w / Vibram FiveFingers -LRB- I dont do shoes w/o socks , even if they ARE toe shoes -RRB- and overall I 'm quite happy w / them.General FitFor me the fit is good for each toe and there is n't a lot of extra fabric to get bunched up . Each toe pocket does fit quite snugly against the seam/junction between the toes , so depending on toe length its possible they might cut in and cause circulation problems . `` Micro '' is definitely the word for them -- they / barely / come higher than the top edge of my KSOs and sometimes will slip lower , though that 's generally not a problem . Definitely going to get some crew style for colder weather.Fit w / FiveFingersI wear a W38 KSO and for me these socks add just the right feeling of snugness to the fit . In no way do my feet feel `` crowded '' or like I need to up a size to compensate , so I would n't worry about that.QualityMy first impression of these is that they 're quite thin and they take to dirt well -LRB- so if you 're like me and do n't pay attention to where you 're stepping , opt for black -RRB- . As for how sturdy they actually are only time will tell . I 'll report back w / findings down the line , unless I forget or just dont feel like it . : -RRB- I 'm quite satisfied w / this product -- no complaints whatsoever as of right now .
 It takes a little while to get used to having all your toes in their own separate space , almost a little like wearing flip-flops , but after a bit it become the most natural thing in the world.They also work great with my new Vibram five finger shoes .
 I was on the fence about which size of sock to order , but I went with the SMALL rather than the medium and I think that was the right choice.My Vibrams are 40 's and the small fit perfectly with my foot and the shoes.I 've been using both steadily for about two weeks and have zero complaints.The socks are a must have to aid ease of use with the Vibrams , especially if you 're the parent of a very young child who wo n't wait around while you figure out which toe goes where .
 PROS : WHAT YOU 'RE THINKING
 I bought the toesocks to see if they could help straighten crooked toes . I think they do help a little . It 's too soon to tell but I have hope for them . If they work , I will buy the toeshoes . It takes patience to put them on over crooked toes but is worth the time if they help .
 THese socks changed my daughter 's skeletoes from gross to great . These are the answer for foot stink assiociated with this type of shoe .
 It 's great socks . Fit nicely to my feet . Good grip in the shoes . No much foul smell . comfortable too . Tried them on when go running . so far no complaints .
 These socks are the most comfortable socks that I have ever worn.I bought them for hiking however they are mighty comfy just wearing them around the house with a light pair of shoes.They take a bit getting use to regarding putting them on-start with your little toe and work up.Smashing product !
 This is a really nice sock for runners or joggers or even walkers of any distance . Having each toe individually wrapped in soft protective fabric prevents blisters , cuts from toenails digging into toes and moisture buildup between toes . A great product and a good idea .
 these socks are extremely comfortable , i really do recommend these to everyone , the keep your toes separated and are pretty affordable .
 Great for any type of training , however I feel it is expensive . Will buy more if I ever see them on sale .
 These are fine general performance socks , listed as standard weight . They are , in fact , a little thick if you 're looking for something to use with barefoot sports shoes for an endurance event . Thicker usually means more weight and more heat . If you 're training for an event where grams matter , get the lightweight performance series . Otherwise , these are great for general uses . Plush and comfortable .
 Got ta say , at $ 10 a pop , I was skeptical.First day wearing these socks in my Fila Skele-Toes , and I must say they 're great . Makes my shoes feel much more comfortable , they seem to fit better since they do n't run half sizes . And I do -LRB- embarrassingly enough -RRB- have moisture problems that these seem to control . If my back were n't out , I would see how they perform under running conditions , as I do feel as though I can run in my shoes now that they fit much better thanks to these wonderful , wonderful socks .
 AWESOME I love these they are the best they feel great and are extremely comfortable . I would recommend this product to all that are looking to buy them .
 I absolutely love my new socks and they look so pretty , I 'm very glad I got them ... They feel amazing and is great to see your fingers hahaha
 The socks are great but way over priced . I found a different company where I got 3 pairs for the same price as one here .
 Great toe socks , my sisters bf loves them . He wears them all the time with his toe shoes , and they are super soft .
 Love these socks . They are soft and work well . Would not recommend for someone with very little toes , mine are on the small side and I had a little extra , but not bad at all . Great for Skeletoes or related shoes .
 Fantastic Socks ! They have survived many washes and continue to stay strong and soft and comfy ! Definitely recommend to anyone that enjoys a little wiggle room with their toes ! : -RRB-
 The socks are pretty comfortable as they feel very soft , but yet look and feel very strong . Would have chosen the slightly longer pair if I had known that the Micro is very Micro .
 I was getting awful blisters between some of my toes while running , so I bought these as an expensive solution . They worked perfectly , as expected . I wish they were n't so expensive though ! I want to buy more eventually ...
 Finally some toe socks for guys withh big feet . These are wonderful and comfortable , will be getting more of these .
 These are a great product and work really well with my Vibram FiveFinger shoes . They help with the moisture and avoiding stinky shoes .
 These are the most comfortable socks I own . I originally bought them to use them with my Vibrams , which they are perfect for . But I also tried them in my regular golf shoes . Man that was a great idea . My toes feel better now that they are n't sweaty and touching each other . My feet just feel fresher .
 very good product , excellent time and attention me dieron respuestas a mis preguntas and get my order in the time ordered
 Item was Shipped fast and it was exactly what I expected and my son loved the socks thank you very much !
 These socks are too thin for me and actually cause my feet to overheat because they do n't fit well in my shoes . I do n't run with these socks anymore because they do n't cool my feet as well as my normal running socks causing blisters . However I do like these socks for when I am done running because they separate my toes from each other helping them not rub together .
 I have now purchased these several times and recommend them to all my friends . They are great . I use them with my Vibram 5 fingers shoes .
 I love these socks , they are so comfortable and work perfectly with my Vibram Five Fingers . I have 4 pair of these so far and I would highly recommend them !
 Good quality material , better than average construction especially in the seams and a good fit . They are the only socks that can be worn with those new &#34; toe shoes &#34; . For someone that has problems with their toes rubbing on each other , these socks are great
 These socks have completely solved any issues I had with my feet sweating in my Vibrams . They are comfortable to wear even with regular shoes and I find myself wearing them as every day socks . If they were n't so expensive , I 'd replace most of my sock collection with these . You dont even realize you are wearing toe socks if you wear them with standard sneakers . Overall a very comfortable feel .
 I bought a pair of these and a pair of the Injinji mini CoolMax socks . -LRB- I reviewed those also , so you can check that out if you want . -RRB- Both are excellent . The micros seem a little less durable , slightly thinner material , but that 's both a drawback and a benefit . I think the minis ' thicker fabric wicks moisture away from my feet a little better , but I 'm rating the micros five stars as well because I have no complaints with them . You 'll spend almost as much on a big , thick cushioning Thorlo or SmartWool sock , so the price really is n't unreasonable.The fit of the toes is excellent for me . -LRB- I have , I guess , pretty normally proportioned feet . -RRB- I wear a 10.5 -LRB- US size -RRB- shoe and I got the `` medium '' size socks because that 's where they fell on the chart . The fit is perfect , so no regrets there.Buy a pair and see for yourself . Or just trust me and buy two .
 I ordered these to reduce some rubbing in my Vibran FiveFingers and to keep my toes a bit warmer in cold weather . They work well in both regards . I would recommend these to friends .
 I really like this exact sock , I have bought about 10 pairs.They keep the toes from mashing against each other which can causes sweat.They do a great job of whisking the moisture away from the foot.I use them by themselves or as liners since they are very thin.I have a size 7 to 7.5 shoe size and buy the smalls.Toe size is spot on for the Performance Micro ` sThe crew and the over the calf work socks have added length to the toes but not enough to return them . I wish they would standardize the toe sizes across all their models .
 As soon as I put them on , I knew I needed to buy more . I 've actually told three friends about them in the last two days . It 's winter in New York , and they keep my feet really warm in men 's dress shoes and at home by themselves . Buying more right now .
 These socks involve a little bit of effort and dedication to put on but the result is a well-cushioned foot that is warm , especially in cold winter months.When running with these socks , I did n't feel as if sweat was pooling around my feet . Over the last several weeks since receiving them , I 've found that incidences of blisters have been diminished.When I wear socks for long periods , I find that may feet swell a little . As these socks are somewhat stretchy , the swelling was not an issue . I was able to wear these socks comfortably for 12 hours without an issue.These socks also wash well . I do throw them in a nylon safety washer bag , however , because they are a bit pricey to replace with frequency .
 Best price I could find anywhere ! I got each pair of medium black for $ 9.14 . Just tried them on and they feel great ! Ca n't wait to pair them with the Vibram 's I 'm getting for Christmas . I 'll bring it update after I 've worn them for awhile .
 I absolutely love these socks , they are the most comfortable socks I 've ever worn in boots or cross trainers . I need about 10 more pair .
 If you own Vibrams these are a must . Vibram sold toesocks are over priced . Injinji makes microfiber in all sizes compatible with Vibram socks and are more affordable . Especially since my Vibrams with shipping took me over 100 bones.-Sgt of Marines
 Excellent ! Super comfortable , cute , and slim fitting . Hand in hand with Vibram FiveFingers , these puppies will take you to another level in the urban jungle . My toes sometimes get cold or feel funny with fabric between them . Super easy to get used to . Injinji are outrageously priced regardless of where you obtain them , thanks to these sellers I have saved some money on some stellar socks .
 I wish these were n't so expensive . I would wear them all the time . . Also , these socks are great if you have any of the vibrams or other five finger shoes . Shipping was fast . I had them scheduled for 2 day shipping and they arrived in ONE day . Thanks guys .
 They keep my feet cool . No more toes rubbing together causing sweet . My toes rome free . Feels like your not warring socks at all .
 I LEFT A REVIEW ON THE `` Injinji Tetratsok '' I MISSED UP !! THIS IS THE SOCKS I ORDERED SO YOU CAN READ MY REVIEW THERE OR JUST TAKE MY WORD THAT THESE SOCKS ARE HEAVEN SENT FOR PEOPLE WITH TOE PROBLEMS OR HOT FEET ... MOST COMFORT I 'VE EVER HAD AN I 'M 65 . MY FEET ARE SO COOL AN HAPPY AN I DO N'T HAVE TO TAKE MY SHOES OFF FROM MORNING TO LATE NIGHT AN THEY ARE THIN . IFU DO N'T BELIEVE ME BUY ONE PAIR AN YOU WILL BE HOOKED ALL YOU LADIES WITH TIED SHOES AN ORTHOICS LIKE ME . ONLY ONE THING YOU CA N'T THROW THEM IN THE DRYER OR BLEACH THEM . IF YOU DO N'T TRY THEM U WILL NEVER KNOW WHAT HAPPY FEET ARE !!!!!!! I DO !!! HAPPY AN COOL . JUMP OUT OF THAT COMFORT ZONE AN IN TO A BETTER MODERN WORLD , PRICEY `` YES '' BUT LEARN THERE IS NO PRICE ON COMFORT OR U CAN GO ON WEARING THOSE DAMP HOT UNCOMFORTABLE BINDING , SLIPPING OLD CHEAP SOCKS AN BE UHHAPPY ALL DAY ... IT 'S A CONVERSATION PIECE IF YOU TAKE YOUR SHOE OFF AHAHAH EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW ABOUT YOUR SOCKS ... PEOPLE SHOCKER IN THE DOCTORS OFFICE ...
 very comfortable and actually drive moisture away , after a long shift at y job , they were dry , happy with them , buying more
 Excellent addition for those who wear &#34; Toe &#34; shoes likeVibran , Fila , or AdidasWould recommend to anyone looking for atheletic socks .
 These socksare so fantastic I wear them with just about everything . I do plan on buying some more in the future . My only complaint is that I wish you could buy more at a time and they were a little bit cheaper .
 Bought these in size small for my gf who owns veebram shoes in size 7 in women 's . Fit perfect , ca n't see sock !
 Overall i found these to be pretty good socks to wear with my 5 fingers . Socks tend to wick ok and keep my feet warm so long as the ground is dry.Downside is that theyre kind of pricy . Right now u can get em 6 for $ 28 on groupon .
 Great socks . Also true to size and they fit great in shoes , Help with toe since had foot surgery . : -RRB-
 Love these socks . They work great with my Vibram 's . I 've even worn them alone around the house since I dislike wearing shoes at home . Have also worn them with my other shoes .
 My sister uses her vibrams on a daily basis and so I got her these as a Christmas gift . They 're pretty cool . I may or may not have tried them on . .
 Always wanted a pair of this and they are great . I highly recommend if you like fashion stuff and comfort .
 these socks are the best way i have found to prevent my Vibrams from developing foot stink . i always wear these socks with my Vibrams .
 These socks are perfect . They fit great and are really comfortable.The quality is good . Nothing special , but definitely not bad at all!They take some time to get used to putting them on , but I do n't think it 's too much of a hassle . I 've read some reviews that make it seem like putting on toesocks is rocket science . But they 're just probably impatient , spoiled idiots.This is my third pair . I still have the other two . I liked them so much I wanted more . I agree the price is a bit hot for socks , but what people do n't realise is , individual toes are not as easy to make as a regular sock . All in all I 'm very satisfied .
 I was having trouble with my pinkie toe painfully rubbing and these fixed the problem perfectly ! I depend on them for my long runs .
 I have Very long Toes and a size between 13-15 depending on shoe make . This fit very well , I have had them for a few months now , no sign of wear and tear . and i 'm wearing them right now ... Love this socks ... Great Buy !
 I am familiar with the Injinji toesocks and these were not a disappointment . They are well made and comfortable in use . Will buy again .
 I rated this product as I have because it exceded my expectations . Also , I would reccomend this product to others .
 I ordered these for my sister who has been looking for these type socks . She wears them all the time .
 LOVE THEM !! They feel soft on my feet . I definitely recommend these toesocks and I will definitely order more . Peace .
 I have used these socks 4 times , once a week . I ran my first official half-marathon , then a 25km trail run , a 30km run on the roads of Tijuana , and my first ever marathon and ultra marathon -LRB- 47.5 km -RRB- . My toes used to bleed and feet used to blister . Not anymore , I love these socks ! I know it 's only been four wears but it 's been over 123km . They are still in good shape . Love 'em . Worth the $ 12 .
 I bought them when i started working overseas due to the heat , i never had any problems with my feet after that .
 My girlfriend has taken up running , and ran her first mini marathon with her brother earlier in the spring . she showed me how one of her toes will rub the corner of the other , and caused some damage . I first suggested putting a band-aid on her toe before long runs , but then though about these toe socks . She uses them in regular running shoes , with no more discomfort , and loves them.Just wish they where a bit cheaper ...
 These are very comfortable socks and allow you to feel each toe as you walk which is a cool experience . The price is a bit steep for just one pair of socks though .
 My wife got very severe blisters on her toes from running . After she spoke to a friend that ran , she learned about the Injini Toe Socks . She will not run without them and no more blisters !!!
 I 've worn these socks for years with my Vibram Five Fingers . Recently , I got a new pair of VFFs and I decided it was probably a good idea to buy some new , clean socks to go along with them . After wearing injinji 's socks before with my previous pair , I knew I would n't be disappointed . They were just as comfortable and well fitting.I wear my VFF BIKILA 's everywhere , so having socks that excel at comfort is essential . They dry quickly , avoiding the smelly shoes that most people cringe at . Over the past 2-3 years , these things have not let me down.Only complaint would definitely have to be the price . However , if you take care of them and keep them clean , they should last a very long time . My 2-3 year old pair are just as comfortable as the new ones !
 When i first got them , i was interested by the overall look and feel . One thing that caught my eye is 70 % of it was made of coolmax which really wicks away the sweat . I also loved the feel of it on my feet which took some getting used to . It takes longer to put on because theyre basically gloves for ur feet . Got the original weight grey minicrew cut . They feel great with enough padding . These are now my official hiking socks .
 I received a pair of these socks for Christmas , just to try them out when I run . I absolutely love them ! My toes no longer rub together and form annoying blisters . I had to run this morning in my old regular socks , and the blister that is already on my toe is more than enough reason for me to order more of these Injinjis . All of my old socks are going to the recycling !
 I like the fit of these socks . The finishing on the distal aspect of the toes removes the horrible grinding sensation left by seams . A pleasure to wear . Wished the logo came on both socks and that the heel cup was more generous than merely effective . No reports as of yet concerning colorfast nature of the dyes .
 I was looking for something different to wear during workouts and running . These fit tight to the feet and separate the toes -LRB- as they were designed to do -RRB- .
 Never thought a pair of socks would make that much of a difference . So far I have logged around 40 miles in these socks and no blisters at all . Before I would run 5-6 miles and have huge blisters in the same spot on both feet and no more has this happend with the new socks . They are a little pricey but worth it .
 these socks are great . perfect for my vibram fivefingers . the only down side is the price . why are these socks $ 11 and those one-size-fits-all gloves , that appear to use the same technique to manufacture , are two pairs for $ 0.99 ? would have been five stars if it were n't for the price .
 Will be buying more so that I can wear them everyday ! Incredibly comfortable , and very cute in pink ! Not one complaint .
 These are good socks . They seemed a little snug at first , but I did n't notice that on my run . Keeping the toes separated does help keep your toes cooler . These are thinner than most socks I 've used and I noticed a bit pf slipping in my heels until my feet got warm . All in all a good run in a good pair of socks .
 They are great . Bought a couple for my Vibrams and i love them.My only problem is with the price , US$ 12 per sock , not a 3 pack ... or even 2 ... 1 in package . a bit too much since i plan to buy enough for everyday use . this purchase will end up costing more than the shoe itself.Great product over all .
 I wanted socks I could wear with sandals for my Caribbean vacation for when my feet get cold at night . These did the job and kept my feet warm . They are not the most comfortable , was not able to sleep comfortably in them .
 I ordered xl to match the 3 pairs that I bought just over 2 years ago with my vibram five fingers . The xl that I had previously bought fit my size 13 feet perfectly , however , the xl that I got this time were a bit on the large side . I 'm not sure if injinji has made the sizes to fit a more broad range of sizes or what , but next time I think I will order large instead . Overall great sock for use with vibram shoes or with any shoe for that fact . I would own only these if they were a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- cheaper .
 I gave these to my sons for Christmas and although they had a good laugh over the &#34; twinkle-toe-socks &#34; from Mom they both wear them and like them . They come in handy for skiing too .
 The socks are very comfortableThe size information was very reliableI like the easy care convienceI would recommend them whole heartedly
 I bought these socks when I started training for a marathon . I 'm about 3/4 way through my training , and I wear these socks every time I have a longer distance -LRB- 12 + miles -RRB- run . They are great . I 've had trouble in the past with traditional running socks , getting blisters between my toes , and having bruised toenails . Since wearing these socks , I 've had less bruising , and NO blisters at all . I will be buying more if I continue to distance run after I finish this training program and run the marathon .
 I initally bought three pair of these . I am currently waiting on more to show up . I wear these socks each time I have to wear socks -LRB- which is all to often -RRB- . I run in them daily , and I have some of the tan ones for wear in uniform . I am the kind of person who prefers to be in sandals if given a choice . These socks -LRB- whether in running shoes or boots -RRB- replicate that sandal feeling more than anything else I 've ever tried . They prevent blisters and keep you feet drier than any other sock -LRB- which in my case in Iraq , is quite important -RRB- . They do take a little getting used to , however once you put that first pair on , you wo n't want to wear anything else -LRB- or you 'll immediately hate them and give them to a friend who 'll love you forever for it -RRB- . Toe shoes are quite the trend right now , and therefore these are as well . I do n't care about trends . I prefer common sense . It makes sense to me that if you place material between your toes , you 'll get less blisters and wick more moisture away . That 's why I initially bought them . Buy a pair , you 'll love them . If you do n't , feel free to send them to me .
 Gon na give another praise to how well these socks go with the Vibram Fivefingers . The socks allow for a very snug fit with the Vibrams -LRB- at least with my size 9 feet -RRB- so that things do n't feel loose when you 're running .
 I was having significant blister problems prior to purchasing these socks . Every time i ran I 'd get blisters by the 5 mile point . The blisters were significant on the bottoms of my feet and on several toes . I tried wearing multiple socks with no relief . After researching , i chose these synthetic toe socks and the difference was night and day . I have had NO blisters since wearing these socks . All i did was change to these socks . They are amazing and i would recommend them to any serious runners dealing with blisters .
 I just started getting into shoe-less running in the past 2 weeks , but like to wear socks for hygiene reasons . I was never a big runner before this . I have n't run farther than 3 miles because my feet were getting a little blistered since they are n't used to running , much less barefoot.Got the socks today and just ran 7 miles because I could just not stop . I LOVE these socks - sooo worth the money . My feet feel fantastic . It 's the farthest I 've ever run before and I only stopped because I was nervous that my feet were going to be blistered and I just was n't feeling it . Nope , they feel GREAT !! And I have super sweaty feet too -LRB- not with these socks though !! -RRB- . Have yet to buy the vibram fivefingers and try with those.The toes on the socks were a little long but nothing that bothered my running , and I have small feet.Read the book ` Born to Run ' , it inspired me into this whole bare-feet running trend and I LOVE it !!!
 I have had a pair of vibram five fingers KSO treks for about two months . I love the shoes which recently started causing blisters in certain areas . I broke down and started buying these socks which have not disappointed . They have eliminated the foot odor in these leather shoes as well as provided a comfortable snug fit for me . Granted , all feet are different and I tend to have some long skinny toes . These stretched to fit comfortably . They seem to be made of quality material.I would not run around sock-footed in these since carpet will ultimately wear holes in them . So far I have machine washed them multiple times and they have retained their shape without stretching . These socks are great to use even if you do not have a pair of vibrams . They work well in regular shoes . I have even worn them in insulated boots .
 They are comfortable and soft , but I 've noticed that these seem to stain much easier than other socks , so I make sure to habitually bleach these . Other than that -LRB- and the price -RRB- , they are very good quality .
 I almost always run in Vibrams with no socks . But when I hit a rugged trail , I prefer a little more protection for my feetsies and wear a regular trail running shoe . My toes have become so independent in the Vibrams ! I could n't force them to get along all of sudden . Ininji socks helped me out ! They feel good on the feet , the toes are happy , each snug in his little toe sack , not rubbing up against his brothers . Feeling good , blister free . I was a little surprised to see how quickly they wore through on my forefoot ... . But I 'll still buy them again . In fact , I bought two pair today while wearing one !
 I wore steel toe work boots for several years for my job . This was hard on my toes , they were starting to clump together in an odd fashion , even barefoot . I wanted something to separate and cushion my toes and these work . My knees and back are better for it and my posture too I think . I knew it was very good or bad when I first put them on . The feeling was almost pain , a constant itching and discomfort for about 10 hours . This was my nerve endings getting used to a different input I think . I would think corns and the like might benefit from these too.Expensive for one pair but these are worth it . You really should try this kind of sock if not this brand . My feet feel much better even though I did not know I had such issues . Looking at the shoes now but I think around the house only . The teasing at work would be too much lol .
 I bought these with the intent to use them for my Fila Skele-toes shoes . They work well , albeit they are a bit awkward to get on and off , but what would you expect ? It took a couple runs to break in to fit in the shoes well , as the fabric is a bit too thick for use with toe shoes that are properly fitted . However that being said once my shoes stretched out a little bit they are now working great . These are certainly essential for anyone with toe shoes who goes running , they have eliminated blistering and work fantastic for running on the beach .
 These socks provide maximum breathability and do n't take away from the feeling of my Fila Skel-e-toes ! Also , these socks keep you from having to wash your shoes ! Recommended for any ` barefoot ' type of shoe !
 Bought these for my 5 finger shoes , really helps for the comfort of the shoe and keeps odor at bay . Easy to get on and makes the shoes easier to get on also .
 i was happy to get this they feel good on my feet . they fit just right.they look good and they are soft . i thought they might bother my toes havingmy toes separated but i was wrong . happy with my injinji thank you
 These are really well made socks . They are very comfortable and fit very well . I purchased these socks to mainly use for my fila skele-toe shoes which work very well with . I now wear these socks with my normal shoes and/or walking around the house . The only reason I knocked it down one star because I feel that they are a little overpriced . Overall though they are very well made socks and feel really well on your feet . I 'm sure your feet will be happy wearing them .
 These socks have done exactly what I hoped they would - they keep me from getting blisters on my toes during my long walks ! Love them !
 I ordered two pairs if these Injini toe socks just to give them a try given all the rave reviews I 've been reading about them.I received them fairly quickly and as soon as I opened the package I gave them a go . They can be somewhat tricky to put on at first , you have to be sure to line all the toe sections up correctly , then after you stretch the sock over your heal , you 'll be able to go back in for some finishing touches on the toes , tucking them in neatly . I do miss the convenience of being able to slip on conventional socks in mere seconds whereas these take about two to four times longer to put on , but lem me tell you once they are on , wow ! They are extremely light and breathable , not to mention comfortable . You may feel some extra material between the toes but you quickly become accustomed to this once you have worn them for a few days . The socks also eliminate skin to skin contact between your toes and greatly reduces the risk of blisters , rashes , or fungus . They seem to break in quite well once you 've washed them a few times becoming slightly less firm and tight . I have noticed some string coming loose in the toe area inside of the sock , so I simply turned them inside out and snipped away the excess string with a nail clipper , nothing to it . It turns out it was just excess material from the knitting process . Other than that , the socks seem to be of good quality and I expect they will last a couple years at least . I have ordered 4 more of these since then , 2 white ones and 2 gray ones , and plan on replacing all of my socks with these . I recommend them for athletic or for regular daily use .
 I bought these for my wife and she really likes them a lot . They are super thin , it 's almost like not wearing socks , they keep your toes seperated and help a lot with blister prevention , etc.IF you like toe socks these are the way to go !
 Have the finger shoes and thought I would try these socks as well . They are awesome . Great to wear with regular running shoes as well . No blisters at all . Great product .
 My son has a `` curly toe '' -LRB- his toes overlap . -RRB- Because of this , he often gets chafed on his toes or feels like his toes are crammed into a sock . He loves these socks and wears them exclusively . It was great for our trip out west when we did lots of hiking !
 These socks are a must for every fitness fan.No more sticky toes rubbing against each other.I use these for Salsa classes and they are just wonderful.No more blisters or hurting toes from friction.Problems with sweat are greatly reduced as well.I like to wear these socks on long trips too as they give me a more relaxed feeling.Before these socks , I needed to take off my shoes on a plane , but not any more.They work ! recommended !
 Toesocks are not available everywhere . These are the first ones I have ever purchased and they are fine . If they were less expensive I would purchase a dozen.I use them with athletic shoes ... my feet sweat and my toes rub against each other , causing them to become calloused and hurt . This type of sock adds comfort .
 I love toe socks , and have purchased many pairs , but these are by far , THE BEST ! cool , comfortable , no rubbing ... . I ca n't imagine anything better .
 I ran the Chicago Marathon in October with these things . They are very comfortable , not too hot , low friction -LRB- I was having friction problems between the soles of my feet and my shoes -RRB- , and keep your toes from blistering .
 These are very comfortable socks . The socks fit nice and snug around the toes and does not even feel like you have them on . The seams are not big and bulky so you do n't feel them . I initially bought these for running but now I wear them everywhere . These have been great in preventing blisters when I run .
 If you have problem with Athletes foot , these socks help to keep your toes separated so they do n't get sweaty .2 nd time I have ordered for gifts .
 I bought these socks to wear with the Merrell barefoot model shoes and it was very conclusive . The toes feel great separated like this , it 's a bit like not having socks at all . I was afraid to be cold but after walking for a while my feet were hot and at ease .
 Amazing feeling with this wonderfull product . Special suited for toe shoes but also with others . Feel free walking slow or fast as you want . Very fast shipping .
 light socks , breath well , great for summer time , originally got my wife some , now i have a few . lol . The price is a little much , but worth it .
 I bought these for running after continuing to develop blisters in my toes . It could be me not running appropriately but these have eliminated the blister problems.I truly enjoy these socks.For reference on sizing , I wear a US9 in soccer cleats , US9 .5 in running shoes/sneakers , and the mediums fit me perfectly!Highly recommend these .
 This pair of socks is probably the best I have had . The only downside is its price . If they would cost less I would probably stock up and forget about regular socks lol ... Get this if your toes like a little freedom ! : -RRB-
 You ca n't even feel them under regular shoes . They feel great in my five-fingers ! Helps keep my feet warm in the five-fingers .
 took 4 pairs of these on a 6 month deployment to iraq to run in my vibram biklikas and helps soften the gravel i had to run on alot . no blisters the whole time .
 This pedal makes my Les Paul sing . Better than I imagined , even with all the good reviews . Such a wide range of sounds ; warm jazzy boost , great blues overdrive , and almost some Black Sabbath distortion . Makes my crappy Behringer amp sound ... almost good .
 I like this overdrive . It make my guitar sound like as a professional player performing . I 'm just a beginner .
 I am new to playing the Guitar so I am not going to be able to say wonderful things about the sound . I can tell the difference with the Bad Monkey on and I like the way it sounds but beyond that I am not able to comment . The book for setting the BadMonkey illustrates 4 settings to use . The 4 are Punchy Drive , Warm Rhythm , Lead Boost , and Texas Tone.The pedal is well built and comes with a 9 volt batter . However , it does not come with a power adaptor . The adaptor will probably cost you around $ 20 once shipping and handling is figured in . This is something you need to figure in when comparing with the BOSS DS-1 Distortion Pedal . That pedal comes with an adaptor.Were I to do it again , I would buy the BOSS DS-1 and that is probably what I would recommend to any beginning guitar player looking for a distortion pedal . The BOSS DS-1 has been around for ages and many musicians have started with it.Pros-Well Made-Sounds GoodCons-Missing the power adaptor which will cost you ~ $ 20After I wrote this review I contacted the seller advertising the DS-1 with an adaptor . Their description was incorrect . However , both the Bad Monkey and DS-1 have gone up to the point that if you are looking for a distortion pedal I would recommend theBoss Mega Distortionas you can get it for only $ 10 more .
 Wow . What a pedal ! It completely outshines the TS-808 Reissue and costs over $ 100 less . What could be better ? I did a side by side comparison with these two and the Monkey just screamed ! The sweetest tone that I 've ever heard ! Woot ! The tonal varieties with the 4 knobs , in combination with your guitar 's volume , gives you from crackling tube amp to revved up Big Muff type sound . If you play blues , classic rock , or even some heavier rock , this pedal is a must for you . Make any solid state amp sing like an old Fender tube that 's cranked to 11 !
 OK ... here 's the drill ... a lot of semi-pro or pro musicians cringe at the thought of putting a Digitech `` anything '' in their signal chain . But recently , I went to a local venue , and heard this guy playing super transpearent lead guitar lines , while maintaing the sound of his single coil insturment , but it sounded like tubes being overdriven , all from a 15 watt amp . I snuck a peak at his modest pedal board ... and there was a Badmonkey!This pedal took the place of a handmade pedal on my board that was 5 times the cost ! YouTube has some great vid reviews . But this will be the best $ 49 you 'll spend on a pedal desinged to maintain the integrity of you guitars unique sound , yet give you enough dirt/grind to feel like you 're playing through a Narrow Panel Tweed at 10 . This is NOT for Metal Heads ... this is strictly old school , blues , country or jazz/fusion only . Combine it with a ZD or TS , and it 's magic on a budget!DigiTech DBM Bad Monkey Overdrive Guitar Effects Pedal
 There is a lot of hype surrounding this pedal , and though it will not turn you into a guitar god overnight , for the money it can not be beat . It is transparent and on its own you can get anything from smokey blues to classic rock out of it , it even comes with a book with some suggested settings which are all great jumping off points . I love it on its own or driving my fuzz pedal which gives me amazing singing lead tones.The controls are pretty self explanatory with a gain , level , high and low knob . And they have a nice usable range for all of them . Having both a high and low knob allows you to have a bit more control over your tone , than just a single tone knob which is a nice touch.My only dislike with this pedal is the foot switch , I personally like a nice click when I engage my pedals and though the part you step on is large it is connected to a long shaft that engages this tiny little button deep in the pedal . This is not a huge deal but I would like some tactile confirmation I engaged the pedal.To sum it all up , if you are thinking about getting this pedal just get it , you will not be dissapointed , I am sure there are better over drives out there but they cost 4 or 5 times as much .
 I had a Digitech Grunge pedal for a while when I first started playing , and swore anything Digitech off my effects loop afterwards . 3 years of playing later , I was looking for a nice warm sounding overdrive and ended up reading some reviews of this pedal . Not wanting to spend much money on a boutique pedal , I decided to give this baby a try . I was very surprised.This pedal is pure analog , and gives you a nice warm tone . I like to play it with the neck pickup to get a very Stevie-Ray Vaughn sound . When I play on amps with no overdrive channel , I run this with a mxr distortion pedal -LRB- light distortion -RRB- to get a good distorted overdrive tone , good for hard rock or metal riffs and solos.The Bad Monkey wo n't give you rock and roll gain , rather it boosts your tone quite a bit . If you 're running clean and hit it , you will get a good tube amp sound , driving those tubes nicely . If you 're playing with some decent gain and hit this , you 'll get a boosted tone with a rise in gain , but your sound wo n't break up.As always , this pedal sounds better according to how nice your amp is . It WILL work fine with a solid state amp too though . In fact , that 's what I 'm running mine into at home . Let me say though , if you play this thing into a nice tube amp with the volume cranked , your guitar will sing.The bass response is pretty damn fine on the Bad Monkey . There is always a nice low-end presence even while playing on the high frets.If you 're looking for a pedal to start out with though , this probably is n't a good choice , unless you know you want this sound . This pedal is n't extremely versatile , but does what it does very well . It handles a nice Texas blues/SRV type of sound to some pop rock like blink-182 , green day , ect . Make sure this is what you 're looking for before you buy it though . As long as you are n't expecting a pedal capable of creating high gain or distortion , you will more than likely be very pleased with your choice .
 Now , I know what everyone 's thinking ; `` Oh man ... digitech , how good can it be ? '' And given Digitech 's track record , I wo n't blame you for your skepticism . But let me tell you , digitech got it right with this one . This is one of the warmest sounding pedals I have ever heard , easily on par with with the Tube Screamer reissue -LRB- I had the opportunity to test both side by side -RRB- . I refuse to give the pedal a five star rating , because tone is to a large extent subjective and no matter what pedal you play someone , somewhere , is always going to prefer a different one . And the five star rating itself is incredibly over used and gives the impression of fan-boyism . That said , for the price of this pedal , it 's not going to push your retirement back and significant length of time , so even in the event that you do n't care for it , it 's no huge loss . I would strongly advise everyone at least test this pedal out before shelling out possibly hundreds on boutique overdrive pedals that sound potentially far worse than this one .
 The Digitech Bad Monkey Overdrive pedal is , put simply , the perfect pedal for the perfect price . It gives you crystal clear tones , has extremely responsive gain , low , high , and level knobs , and does wonders for your sustain.The gain knob gives you that great distortion that can go anywhere from blues to metal . the low rounds out your sound , changing the amount of bass . the high gives you that added punch and in the higher zones gives you that distinctive `` twang '' . The level knob controls the output from your guitar into the amp , magnifying it or reducing it.pros
 While there may be a certain snob appeal about owning hard to find vintage and/or expensive boutique pedals , you legitimately wo n't find a better OD pedal for anywhere close to the money . Adds that violin-like sustain with little or no coloration . The mixer output is a nice bonus .
 The BAD MONKEY overdrive pedal does not produce `` Crazy Train '' metal distortion . It is n't made to , and thus if you buy it for that sound you 're off target . -LRB- If that 's the sound you want , I recommend
 This thing sends my JCM 800 into overdrive very nicely ... and such a great price . I use it with the volume all the way up , bass and treble around 12 o clock -LRB- slight tweaks here and there -RRB- and the gain all the way down . I read it works well with the JCM 800 and it 's true ... works will with my Class 5 as well . No brainer for the cash .
 This pedal is well builted and has a great vintage sound , but the output level is a little low and it does n't have as much gain as other overdrives -LRB- this is normal in the tube-overdrives -RRB- . I will recomend to spend a little more and get the Hardwire version .
 I love this pedal . I bought one used at GC the other day for $ 30 and never looked back . Before it I was using a Joyo Vintage OD that is also an excellent 808 Clone but this pedal is able to tweak the highs and lows better . I have it set so the level is set to 9:00 , Low is set to 1:00 , High is set to 9:00 and the Gain is set to next tuesday . I prefer a beefier tone with a little less highs and it does that . It also is a nice smooth OD not too crunchy.For a cheap 808 clone this is the best I have used hands down.Maxon 808 - $ 150Ibanez TS9 - $ 100Digitech Bad Monkey - $ 60Joyo Vintage OD - $ 50All great pedals for the money but not really sold that the Maxon is 21/2 times better .
 If you listen or read what many pro guitarists and techies have to say about DigiTech effects pedals , they 'll tell you to stay away from them ... except for this one . That 's because the DigiTech Bad Monkey Tube Overdrive is an incredible value that could go head to head with any pedal made by BOSS or the $ 100 TS-9 Tubescreamer.In fact the TS-9 Tubescreamer is the pedal the Bad Monkey is best compared to . This is not meant to be a heavy distortion pedal with endless game - it simulates and overloaded tube amp that adds crunch and a little gain to an otherwise clean tone . Notes will sing and chords will really crunch , especially in blues and classic rock . But since the pedal works well as a level/gain boost , I 've heard of guitarists turning on the Bad Monkey in conjunction with other distortion effects , to really push them to new levels.But the best feature of the Bad Monkey by far is the two-band EQ . Virtually any distortion pedal has a `` Tone '' control that will make the tone darker or brighter . But since one band EQ basically takes away bass to add treble -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- , you may not find the sound you want . That 's what 's so great about the Bad Monkey - if you feel like your tone is too weak , you can fatten it up . If it 's too muddy , you can add treble . And you can make those changes without compromising the parts of the tone that you like.Construction is extremely durable - die cast metal , and probably heavier than a BOSS pedal . The switch is more similar to a BOSS than an Ibanez pedal , but I find that easier to use.If you 're a beginning player or a player on a budget , this would be an outstanding pedal to own , along with a more traditional high gain distortion pedal . There 's really no need to spend the extra money on a Tubescreamer , if that will prevent you from buying something else you need for your gear . But even for player where money is not an object , do n't overlook the Bad Monkey . It might just be the only tube overdrive pedal you 'll need .
 This is a very good tube screamer . Able to be finely adjusted to get some really great sounds . Holds up well against some of the expensive alternatives . It is a little painful that the battery will drain if you do not disconnect the input and that would be my only criticism -LRB- a power supply is of course the easy solution -RRB- . Very happy overall with this unit .
 I had just bought a Retro-King plexi 50 used and I wanted a overdrive that had a low end boost . The plexi 50 has a lot of low end on its own but it disapears when the bass and drums start . I play the amp with the gain up as high as it will go -LRB- sounds kind of like AC/DC -RRB- and use the bad monkey to drive it more -LRB- kind of like Ride The Lightning -RRB- . I 'm very happy with the results ! I have the level dimed , bass set at about 1 o clock , highs at about 9 o clock -LRB- the plexi 50 is very bright -RRB- and the gain hovers between 1 and two o clock . The tone is never mushy , the notes are clear and bell like . I still works very well when I play extended chords . I 've used it on a couple of gigs and got a few compliments on my tone.I could have easily went with a more expensive pedal -LRB- green rhino , xotic bb preamp -RRB- , but all of the video reviews used a clean amp and the overdrives just to add dirt to solos and stuff . I figured for $ 50 -LRB- overnight shipping included -RRB- it was worth taking a chance.It 's also worth mentioning that I used the mixer output for scratch trax today . It did the trick ! Good option if you do n't have a bunch of plug ins or a pod or something.Gotta go . Ambien is kicking in.Love , Jarrod
 If your like me , and play anything besides the heaviest of all death metal , then most distortion pedals are to much for you . This little thing gives you the perfect amount of gain no matter what your genre , from barely noticeable to heavy . it crunches up you tone but does n't damage it and does n't take any power away . its also silent when off . great pedal on par with the tube screamer and big muff
 I bought this pedal for add heaviness to my Peavey Valveking and it works pretty well.The EQ controls is a goood pro , and the distortion seems good to me . With this pedal I can overdistort the amp distortion or maybe use it with clean channel to play some soft things.Good construction , good functionalities .
 it makes you sound like you are hooked up to a piece of junk you found in a garage sale . What 's not to like ? Great trashy sound . !!!
 For the price you pay you can not get a better OD , plus this baby sounds greater in my opinion than the almost double as price , Ibanez TS . I 'm running it in the front of a ValveKing 100 Head and sounds quite nice .
 As the other reviews explain , if you 're on a budget , this pedal is basically perfect . As for the quality of the pedal , I 've owned it for ~ 3 months so far , and despite the beating its taken its still completely intact . The delivery was smooth and on time .
 This is purely an overdrive pedal , not a distortion pedal . It increases the gain and dirties your tone , but it does not actually distort your sound.If you 're a metal or hard rock player , do n't buy this . It 's better suited for country , soul , R&B ; , blues , or even jazz players who want to boost their volume and umph when they 're doing a solo . For that it 's excellent , especially considering its very low price.And despite its very low price , it 's very solidly built . It 's like a brick.This update is to point out that I 've only used the Bad Monkey pedal with tube amps
 This pedal is really great for what it costs ! I would probably pay double the price after hearing/using it . One of the biggest surprises to me is how much this thing improves even a practice amp at low volumes . It sounds pretty decent in front of a roland micro cube and sounds VERY good in front of a fender mustang -LRB- mine is a II -RRB- set to the Twin Reverb preset -LRB- with the reverb backed off a bit -RRB- . I 've always read that most OD pedals only sound good with tube amps , so I thought I would mention for those who are trying to `` quietly '' sound like SRV through headphones or late at night with cranky neighbors . It does go through some batteries , so the AC adapter may be a good investment if you decide you 'll use it all the time . Enjoy !
 I think that this pedal is a good value as an overdrive pedal but its speaker simulated 2nd output makes it a great value as a stand alone guitar preamp!I plugged it into my DAW and listened on my KRKs and was impressed by its sound . The overdrive is quite good . No , it ca n't hold a candle to my J. Rockett Pedals Alan Holdsworth Signature Overdrive but at $ 48.00 , it 's an absurdly good buy .
 I am not a serious guitar player . What I mean is I do n't get paid to play . But I do like the sounds I can make with this pedal and the distortion pedal I previously purchased . I am thankful they are relatively inexpensive and clearly built to last . I would certainly buy another one from either Amazon or DigiTech . It was a worthy purchase for me .
 WOW!for this price , it 's pretty incredible to get great tone.solid build and great tone features.Recommended !!
 I 've had this pedal for about five years . I own a bunch of other overdrive pedals , including the Boss SD-1 , TS-9 , a Klon clone , and a bunch of DIY pedals . The Bad Monkey is cool for a couple of reasons . First is the bass and treble controls . Most overdrive pedals only have one tone control , the Bad Monkey lets you sculpt both the highs and lows . Second is the mixer out . Not everyone will appreciate this feature but it allows you to jack the pedal into a mixer or audio interface with a `` speaker sim '' . The gain sound is ok , but what I do is use it as a boost by diming the output and turning the gain all the way down which slams my tube amp giving me a natural tube overdrive . This pedal will work best with a tube amp but some people may dig the gain tone on a solid state.It 's built like a tank . Ca n't go wrong for the price , IMO .
 This is a very good TS type pedal at a great price . The ability to adjust treb and bass is nice . The enclosure is metal , the knobs feel sturdy , and the switch has a durable feel . I ordered this pedal through Amazon and had it for a few days but ultimately sent it back because it was redundant in my arsenal . If you do n't have a TS type pedal this is a good , cheap choice . Personally , I did n't think it sounded any better -LRB- or worse -RRB- than my other TS type pedals -LRB- Behringer TO800 , Joyo Vintage Overdrive , Deltalab TO-1 , TS808 and TS7 -RRB- . As I indicated , I have the tubescreamer sound well covered lol . I opted instead for the Dano Cool Cat transparent overdrive and I am very happy . If you do n't have a TS type overdrive and are thinking about dropping a bunch of cash on a TS808 , you may want to check this out first .
 I have been wearing these glasses everyday for 3 years now . They are just right in size , shape , color and fit . I use them for daily driving , in sun and snow . The ear pieces are thin enough so they do n't block peripheral vision . -LRB- Difficult to find as most styles have wide , bulky ear pieces . -RRB- The shape of the frame and the ear pieces makes them extremely comfortable . -LRB- Shaped to fit your head , not straight . -RRB- They are so comfortable , I can wear them all day long , I just slip them up onto my head when inside . I 'm lost if I leave home without my Bolle Zumas and I will turn around to go back for them .
 I really like these targets because you can easily see where you have hit without having to walk downrange . Only recommendation I have is to use a larger target -LRB- larger than the 3 '' circle -RRB- when just starting to sight in a new gun or mount a new scope . If you miss the 3 '' circle , you may have trouble seeing your mark . Start out with a 12 '' or 9 '' circle until you get your sights zeroed . Once you do , the 3 '' circle is the most economical to use .
 I bought a Daisy `` Powerline 717 '' air pistol , sometime in the early 1990 's , and some 20 years later , the pistol still works well , and remains pretty accurate , with very little maintenance besides the occasional application of a little oil.Externally , my gun looks a lot like the `` Avanti 717 Triumph Match '' , as the newer model has retained the older designation of `` Powerline '' on the barrel . The handle of the breech lever is smaller on the Avanti , but from what I have been able to research , there does n't appear to have been too many major design changes to the Model 717 , since its introduction in the 1970 's . As I own the older `` Powerline '' model , any readers who consider my comments irrelevant or anecdotal , may stop here.In my experience , it is rather remarkable for an air pistol to last 20 years . Almost every air pistol I have owned , has failed within a just few years , mostly due to cracked or deteriorated seals . While the Powerline 717 has been very durable , it frankly is n't the most attractive looking pistol . Long and without clean lines , the 717 Powerline is also quite heavy , is n't that powerful , and operating the single stroke pump lever may not be the most convenient for some users . A nice feature for beginners and younger shooters , is that the gun has a partially shielded safety , and also has virtually no recoil . While it 's not the best or most accurate air pistol I have owned , it is by far the most reliable.The 717 has a fully adjustable rear sight that is solid and hard to displace . When you aim , the front sight is very easy to acquire and line up . Because the front sight is a bit wide , I personally have difficulty achieving `` target class '' accuracy . However for shooting varmints in the 15 to 25 foot range , the gun is a solid performer that almost always delivers , even though my eyesight is n't what it used to be . Shooters with much greater skills than mine , have apparently been able to do wonders with the gun , as there are reports of the 717 shooters , besting those using European precision air guns.The grips are plastic , with a thumb groove that I find really comfortable . My hands are not large , and the location of the trigger is set close enough , so that I do n't have to stretch out my index finger very far . I was even able to add a trigger shoe , for better control . Trigger action is nice , as it does n't take much pressure to fire . The gun does well with all kinds of ammo , but I get the best results with my preferred pellet , Mount Star Jets . Even after 20 years , the black finish looks great , and shows no signs of corrosion . The only issue is that the pump lever is a little loose , and occasionally swings out.I 'm not into match shooting , so the ultimate value of this gun lies in its remarkable durability and solid accuracy . Although it 's big and bulky , I can see no reason to ever part with it , particularly as it cost maybe $ 40 at the time . Hopefully the newer version is just as good , although the high sticker price is a bit of a shock , and the main reason for only a 4 star rating . Daisy also produces theAvanti 747 , a premium model with an improved trigger that is supposedly smoother , and also features a different barrel .
 The Daisy 717 is a real sleeper among air pistols . It is n't very expensive , and it does n't look like a competitive pistol , but it has the potential to be competitive with the $ 500 and up pistols . Back in the 1970s , Bullseye legend and gunsmith Don Nygard added trigger adjustment screws and a better rear sight to his , and took the California state championship with his . Even in stock form it shoots better than most of us are capable of . The rear sight does n't have micro clicks , and the trigger is a bit heavy , but as a trainer it 's unbeatable . I 've had my 717 since the mid-1980s , and thanks to regular lubrication and care it still shoots as well as it did new.The only inexpensive match pistol I know that 's significantly better is Daisy 's ownDaisy Avanti 747 Triumph Match air pistol , which adds an adjustable trigger , a better sight , and a Lothar Walther barrel . That gun may be an even better buy than the 717 . You 'd have to spend two and a half times as much to get the next better match pistol available , the almost - $ 500 the Russian madeIZH 46M Match Pistol air pistol .
 After doing the preliminary sighting in at 20 ' , I was very pleased with one particular pellet . It has a copper bb on top of a lead base . Other style pellets were not giving me consistent groups . I moved my target out to 64 ' and fined tuned the back sight . Acorns are starting to fall , so I used duct tape to hold one on top of my card board box . The first shot poked a hole in the acorn at 64 ' !
 This gun was given to me and it leaked air pressure so I sent it to Daisy and for $ 28 plus $ 6 for s & h they put in new seals and valve and now I really enjoy it . It only chronys out at 386 fps but just right at 10 yards . DO NOT pump it more than once as it is a single pump design and over pumping will take out the seals . The trigger has a very good feel to it with nearly zero creep and the fully adjustable rear sight is a plus , bottom line is this is a fine target pistol !!!
 Got my hat and tried it on . Fit like a hand to a glove ! But the only down side to it ... its white , and I 'm not great with white ! But I do , on occasions , break it out !
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 I 'm very impressed with this fork after three rides . Very stiff -- I have no problems with out of the saddle sprints . It tracks well .
 I bought these as a step up replacement from the Monarch 8X42 ATB 's . My wife decided she wanted the old ones which left me with the opportunity to get a new pair . After some debate about going to 10X I settled on these . They are brighter and than the 42 's and just a notch more magnification . Size and weight is bigger but still not so much they get heavy for short periods as I use they for birding . They came with front and back covers and appear to be as rugged as the original pair which routinely road in the console box of the car . I have had them for almost a month now and well pleased with my decision to buy them . I rate a excellent value as I think I would have to spend considerable more to do better.Nikon 8.5 x56 Monarch ATB Binoculars 7517
 Outstanding performance at a price far below the big names . They 're a bit heavy but you must expect that with 56mm lenses .
 Shippng was fast . Have a 21 ' foot boat fits great ! Like the two tone . Easy to put on and take off . Can beat the PRICE . If your looking for a good one this should b the one !!
 My son is 9 and this was his first model . He loved putting it together . The instructions were easy for him to follow and the parts all had numbers . He put it together in 2 days . I highly recommend it !
 I got this model for Christmas . I painted it saphire blue with a black chassis -LRB- as all peterbilts have a black chassis . -RRB- . There is 1 thing i notice after i finished it , the right smoke stack was an eighth of an inch lover than the left stack . so i took off the right stack and drilled some holes to make it the right height . there is 1 more thing about it you have to re-chrome parts of the stacks because the way they are molded leaves white marks when you go to smoth the stacks out . Otherwise this kit gets a 9/10 for realistickness .
 its been a couple of years since i put a model together so i started looking for a model to put together on my day off of work and came across the 1/25 peterbilt . the model is fun to put together and looks cool when its all done . i decided to paint the truck differant from what the instructions say and only took me one day to put together .
 I bought this model for my husband . He ca n't read very well , but he put it together all by himself without written directions . That might have to do with his extesive knowledge of 18 wheelers though . :-RRB- He seemed to like it , even though it wasnt quite what we were expecting , It was made out of cheap white plastic , no paint included . He went down to Ace Hardware and bought the cheapest spray paint :-RRB- Other than a few runs it looked pretty good.Overall I 'd say its a good buy if u do n't want to spend to much money but you want a basic model , if painted properly it would look very authintic , so while its not the super best its not a waste of money by any means.I wouldnt buy it again ...
 i like it.ORDER SHIPED ON TIME WOULD BUY THIS MODLE AGINE EASY TO UNDERSTAND HOW TO TO PUT TOGEATHER LOOKS NICE
 my nephew really liked this gift . i was more challanging and it was different than we have seen around here .
 Got this for my man for Christmas and he loved it !!!!! It is together and highly detailed !!!!! I am looking forward to get him another semi .
 First I 'll say that Revell 's Kenworth W900 and Peterbilt 359 kits are not for everyone . They do not include contest-quality scale details , and many advanced modelers will consider them too easy and too simple . If you enjoy truck kits with 6-10 piece rear view mirrors , and 6-12 piece cabs and sleepers , then you 're likely to find these Revel kits too easy . The tires , for example , have no side-wall text whatsoever.With that said , I consider Revell 's two 1:25 scale tractor kits as modeling bargains that ca n't be beat . I 've already completed four of each this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , I have two more of each on hand , and will likely continue buying and building them ! And no two are alike.Most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of the kit 's parts fit so well they snap into place and require little or no glue ! Imagine that , parts that actually fit ! -LRB- Can you hear me AMT ? -RRB- While some kit manufacturers seem to feel that more parts make a better kit , Revell seems to think that simpler and neater is better . The truck 's rear-view mirrors , for example , include CB radio antenna and amber side-lights , yet they 're combined into one single piece per side ! This makes a neat , strong , and easy to install part . The windows snap into place without glue , so there 's no glue-frosted glass ! The one-piece cab & sleeper means a strong and perfectly aligned assembly ! Even the engine 's intake and exhaust system parts all align well -LRB- Can you hear me , Italeri ? -RRB- I 've twice cut the sleepers from the Peterbilt cabs , and completed the models as flatbed trucks , one as a dual axle stakeside , and one as a single axle service truck . I used the removed axle and wheels to build another kit into a stretched chassis tri-axle truck , and used the cut-off sleeper to make a double-sleeper on another stretched-chassis model . The low cost and overall simplicity of these two kits make them very , VERY appealing for kit bashing projects.Yes , I highly recommend both of Revell 's 1:25 scale tractor kits , but with one reservation
 I know it 's not an exact match for Optimus Prime in the Transformers movies , but I was able to create my own version with this model kit .
 This is just so cute and I know my son , a huge Buckeye fan , is going to love it . The detail is very good and it 's quite heavy , even if it is glass -LRB- which it is . -RRB- If you see him , do n't tell him , as it 's a surprise . Even though it is an inexpensive gift , I think it will be one of his favorites !
 Much better than their career this year , this padres shirt is a good price for it 's quality . The lettering is nice and holds up well under many washes . The coloring does n't fade at all which is nice for a shirt of this price .
 This bottom bracket is built like a humvee , overkill for most riders , but if your like me , you got ta have one . Two huge bearings outside the bottom bracket housing , with oversized bolts holding everything together.These only work with cranksets built specifically for this bottom bracket.Just be sure to buy the correct chainline . Measure from the center of your frame to the center of your front crainring . For doubles average the two chainrings , for triples measure to the center chainring . The 50mm bb -LRB- the other one , not this one -RRB- is the most common .
 our original bottom bracket had stripped the threads that hold the pedal on.Found this one the same , it shipped quick and was easy to put in . Bike is up and running again .
 The Pedometer works quite well , as far as using it to count the miles you walk . However , the directions leave a lot to be desired as to how to use the other features .
 Love this watch . Super stylish , can take out into the surf and no problem . Only doing this review cause I had a lodown that broke on me . I was suspicious about sending my watch in for warranty . Read some reviews claiming nixon had bad customer service . Somebody along the way got screwed . Well , I sent them my watch expecting a charge for repair just to get a halfway decent watch back . They comp 'd it and sent me a brand new watch , received within a week , no charge no nothing . Got ta love that . Excellent company , excellent watch .
 The only reason its not a 5 is because the paint comes off too easily . Otherwise I love this watch . Perfect for everyday use , and for surfing it 's perfect . Really light , which I love . Awesome watch and my favorite out of all the watched I 've had .
 okay , heres the deal . my brother has a blue and black nixon lodown . hes had it for over a year , and the battery hasnt died yet . we take it surfing , atleast every other day , if not more . we surf locally in virgina beach . yes , it has a little bit of wear and tear -LRB- suck as MINOR scratches -RRB- , but it is truely a great watch . it is very very accurate , and we base our days off of it . were avid surfers , and it definitely helps us when it comes to surfing . its a great product , and his still looks like new . the only reason for the scratches are because of him accidentally hitting it against something . its really a perfect watch . i have a nixon quatro , and its perfect . i got about three years ago , and i still wear it to this day . so people shouldnt be saying things about nixon as a whole , maybe just their individual product . some people get lemons . granite , their customer service may not be the hottest , but it works . all in all , this is a PERFECT for surfers , of any age , or level . a must buy .
 I purshased this item for a nephew that was graduating and he is so so happy that from the day he received it he did not take it off !!! thank You !!!
 Really like the watch . However it is stuck on one mode and we can not get it out of the mode . The directions do not help with the issue with the watch . Is there an 800 number to call to get the watch to work in all modes?Thanks
 This watch does it all,-A Sweet Tide Chart to see what the tide is when your sitting the middle of the ocean waiting for the next swell of waves to form.-The Military green color to the watch is always a major plus . It also is n't very bright or shinny so you should n't attract any sharks or creatures to towards your way when in the water.-You can go 100 meter deep in the water and still know what time it is.-Other features
 THIS WATCH IS REALLY GREAT , I BOUGHT IT TO MY SON IT WAS NICE AND WORK PERFECTLY . THIS THE BEST WATCH I HAD EVER BUY .
 the product was very well packaged and looked great coming out of the box :-RRB- i love it and wear it every day !!!! keep doing a great job : -RRB-
 Replaced my husbands exact same one . Great price at amazon plus shipping was free . would continue to buy if it lasted longer and was truely water resistant as it said .
 My Grandson requested this watch for Christmas . Not only a great price but the watch came in perfect shape , in a regal box and on time !!! Who could ask for anything more !!
 Great product , exactly what the description describe , fast shipping , recommend buyer , will buy again . Had the watch for a month now , no problem . Use it once a week in the water .
 Trendy name , good features for a surf watch , but ca n't figure out how to turn off hour beeper . It 's loud and annoying . Otherwise , for the price on Amazon , it is a good buy compaired to $ 150.00 plus dollars found in surf shops . If you ca n't find it here , do n't waste your money elsewere . Made in China . I recommend Vestal surf watches . These watches are a better quality with a commpany address in Costa Mesa/Newport California . They are almost identical , but the Vestal is a little larger and put together a little better . I bought one of each for my twin sons who asked for them specifically . My C average son asked for the Nixon , and my A average son asked for the Vestal , nough said .
 The watch is great for surfing ... That is the only time I wear the thing . I 've had it for two years now and it has a few issues , not big ones though . The first is the sizing holes on the strap . I guess my wrist is an in between shape , because one hole the strap is too tight and the next hole down it 's too loose . The other issue , is more my fault but the watch should be thoroughly rinsed after going in the ocean . If not , salt builds up in the buttons and the watch goes hay wire . There 's only so many times that can happen before the battery dies . My watch is the all black watch , therfore I have not had any problems with paint scraping off or anything like that . I 've had tide watches before and they 've died so fast . It 's probably because I constantly had to press buttons to bring up the tide . This watch had my beach programmed in , so once I found it I left it alone . The watch is still going strong , looks new and I always know when the tide will be pushing in at my local surf spot ...
 I just bought this watch for my brother who is in the Navy . So far , he has really enjoyed it .
 Good product got here fast looks great and happy on the price . I use it for work and diving the tide chart is very accurate
 I get complaiments on the watch all the time . Really a great functional watch.Would remmocmend to purchase if you our a active person into water sports !
 great watch . totally tells tides , cool settings and features too ! it lights up , the only flaw i found so far has been the sharp corners which pick up wax and i worry about small dings on my board . otherwise , it is a great watch for the price . i was comparing it to the vestal tide watch , for 40-50 bucks more . i felt the nixon was a better quality with different features that i like . personal preference to how you want your display i suppose . the vestal watch is nice , it feels a little bigger , and the closure lock was interesting . it seemed like it would grip very well . it totally tells the time sooooo good brah . surfs up ya kooks !
 I really love this watch . The style , screen look , button layout . . all great . The only issue I have is with it 's claim that it is a `` completely waterproof '' watch . It is designed with surfers in mind -LRB- contains tide info for 200 beaches around the globe until the year 2016 -RRB- but I got caught in a torrential downpour one afternoon and sadly my watch did not survive . I did love the watch so much though that I recently ordered another but I will probably will not be taking it into the water .
 . . The title says it all . I 've had one of these packs for well over 5 years of hard use ; aggressive mountian biking and skiing , as well as day hikes and family outings . I overload it , crashed on it , and generally abused it . . It has withstood the test of time and it still serves be well.Today i 'm ordering another for my wife , I hope the quality is still the same . -LRB- . . ordering from campmor . . it 's cheaper ATM -RRB-
 Came very quickly and was exactly what I had expected . Would use Treeline again , was completely satisfied with this transaction !
 I got this because I am trying to learn flint knapping and I wanted a model blade to look at wile I was working so I had an Idea of what a finished one was supposed to look like . This one is beautiful but I wish it had a hande too .
 wow i love it ! It 's great for campfire stews , soups chili ect . And feeds an army
 AS SHOWN IN ALL THE PICTURES , THERE SHOULD BE A GATOR ON THE LID ALONG WITH THE WORDS BAYOU CLASSIC . THE LID I GOT DID N'T HAVE THE GATOR ON IT . CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND WAS PROMISED THE RIGHT LID WOULD SHIP OUT RIGHT AWAY . GOT A WHOLE POT AND LID AND STILL NO GATOR . KEPT ONE POT AND LID AND HAD TO MAIL THE OTHER ONE BACK . THE POT IS JUST WHAT I HAD IN MIND AND I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT . BUT IF YOU ORDER ONE EXPECTING IT TO LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE , DO N'T COUNT ON IT .
 We have enjoyed this kettle for years . I purchased it specifically for baking bread when using the No-Knead method described in / on NPR . I intended to use it out doors , but it can be found in the oven , vying for space with my wife 's over priced clad cook wear .
 I usually have chilli with my tailgate and we tailgate A LOT ! Ask the fans at Stillwater , Mizzou , Minnesota State and Southeast MO. . This pot is a absolutely perfect for chilli or gumbo in the parking lot . I have ordered the propane burner matching this pot and ca n't wait for it to arrive . The heat definitely disperses more evenly with the thicker chilli and does n't stick and burn . I cured the pot three times with vegetable shortening before using . Twice in the oven and once on my smoker . Worth the trouble . It 's like a non-stick pot now . Did I mention it 's HUGE ! Buy this before your next party or tailgate . You wo n't regret it !!
 What a great kettle ! I was looking for something between a dutch oven and a cast iron kettle . This Jambalaya Pot is rugged enough to use outdoors over an open fire ; but , stylish enough to use in the oven or on stove top.Now i have to decide which daughter will inherit this kettle.A great find and a terrific deal , JW FinklerWilloughby Hills , OHNovember 2006
 Never burn your jambalaya rice again . You will need a good hot burner . I bought the Big Kahuna here on Amazon . You can go wrong with this one . Buy it !
 I now own 3 of these Hunter made holsters . The 1090-50 crossdraw `` only '' fits Colt clones with barrels up to 71/2 '' . The 1090-40 `` two way , crossdraw or strong side use , '' fits Colt clones with barrels up to 6 '' . I like a crossdraw that hangs more horizontal than vertical , the 1090-40 does that more so than the 1090-50 . Also , the 1090-50 has a closed end while the 1090-40 has an open end . Very basic unlined but useful , to me , holsters .
 this product is very easy to use and is secure.My wife is able to put the rack on the car and load the bikes by herself . The only problem I have is that the straps that secure the bikes tend to strip out . I have had to use the third carrier straps . I would recommend this product to anyone
 I purchased this kit due to reading the positive reviews . First off it is a lot smaller than I was expecting BUT it did hold valuable first aid supplies . Secondly I will need to add some more to make it adequate for four people and Third -LRB- the best part -RRB- it comes with a 200pg . Wilderness and Travel Guide to Medicine and has tons of info . It is definitely a great addition to my go bag
 Got my first aid kit today and went through it . it is a perfect weekender first aid kit . Has everything you could possibly need for a weekend hike or hunting/fishing outing right down to scissors and tweezers . Does have an extra zipper pouch that will store more items like an epee pen or other needed items . A life straw fits perfectly into the little zipper pouch also , it 's were I put mine .
 It 's a good Kit , coming not only with quality supplies , but with a comprehensive guise to use them . I always add gear like Quikclot and some water purification tablets along with medications like benydril and Ibuprofen . Its a good kit for everything to car kits to Bug Out Bags -LRB- My use for it . -RRB-
 It is cheaply made plastic but it has a decent amount of first aid items , though it is hard to rummage through since it 's so compact . Not bad but I really want something bigger with more items .
 This kit is small and compact , with a little room for personal expansion . This kit also includes the Comp . Guide to Wilderness & Travel Medicine , which covers a lot of first aid .
 Great small first aid kit . I added quikclot to my kit and it has served me well in my range bag . Orange bag helps others identify it easily . Good variety of items .
 Purchased for my father-in-law for Christmas to put in his truck . He is an outdoor person and I think this could come in handy if the need ever rises .
 gave it as a gift he liked it blah blah blah blah blahb labh albha blah blah blah blah blah
 Seems an all around good kit . I spent a great deal of time searching for an all inclusive med kit for survival / hiking / or emergency that was portable and not ~ 100 $ . Comes with a good array of medical supplies and a pretty good instruction manual . One thing I really liked about it was that there is enough room in the bag to add a few other personal supplies . -LRB- Threw in some quick-clot , pocketknife , small sewing kit , penlight , and some random other sundries . -RRB- Hope I never have to use it but if I do then I 'm glad to know that most any malady that would befall me can be taken care of by whats in the bag .
 The kit does have everything you may need in an emergency + it came with `` Guide to wilderness & travel medicine '' Very good reference book for any situation . Its compact size fits perfectly in the gun bag I got my kids for Christmas . For anyone who has never owned a first aid kit , This one would be a good starter kit . It is a little flimsy but being stored in another bag its good to go .
 Great first aid kit for hiking , camping , or keeping in the car . Small , light weight and has enough supplies to handle most common emergencies .
 Bought this to throw in my BOB , it 's nice , smaller and lighter than I anticipated which is good for keeping the real estate in my bag a little less crowded . The downside is that it only carries a limited amount of supplies . Basically , if someone get 's shot on the hunting trip you can hold them over , if two people were shot the 2nd guy would be out of luck . -LRB- which I suppose would be pretty unlikely -RRB- Anyhow , I also like that there is a survival and first aid book to walk you through details as well as little note cards in each individual pouch explaining what supplies to use for different types of injuries . In all I 'd say you could probably piece this together with more of the crucial supplies yourself for less , but if you 're lazy and just want it done for you , then this is it .
 I ordered this kit to go in my range bag . I 've owned an AMK before for hiking , and I love that they offer so many specialized kits , my previous one was an ultralight . This kit comes in a highly visible case , made of durable nylon ; the zippers are not as hefty as I 've seen on other kits , but overall they pull smoothly , and I 'm still happy with it . Honestly , when you 're treating for a GSW before EMTs arrive who cares if you break the zippers , the cost of a life is more than the cost of another kit !! Under normal wear , the zippers will hold up fine . Contents are fairly comprehensive , though I added an Israeli bandage for maximum compression on a leg or arm . My co-worker who was an EMT and also worked in a hospital for years , plus has a wife who is still a nurse , made a few recommendations
 I own several First Aid/Emergency Medical kits of different sizes for different applications . I bought this to throw in with some camping gear , so I 'd always have it when I needed one . The contents of this kit are fairly comprehensive , and the provided supplies are good quality . It does have a comprehensive First Aid guide , which is nice compared to some kits that just have a small sheet or booklet . I 've taken several First Aid classes as well as survival medicine and other outdoor classes , and while I know the information , having it handy is fantastic in an emergency.One of the great things about this kit is that it has plenty of room to add your own supplies . Everyone is different , everyone has their own needs , no kit can be everything to all people . A lot of times smaller kits are packed solid and have no room to add more of what you need for your situation . This one has plenty of room to add more . I added more allergy and non-prescription pain relievers without a problem , a full tube of antibiotic ointment , and some various sizes of bandages and pads , along with a roll of tape , among other things . Plenty of room for everything.And to stress , you really do n't need to add to this kit if you do n't want to or do n't know how to . It 's comprehensive on its own . I , and others , like to do that and this kit there 's plenty of room for that .
 I got this kit as a mandatory requirement for my Kayak . It has the basics of first aid in it as well as a few other things that come in handy . The most important feature of this kit though , is the little first-aid book . This thing covers from A to Z in outdoor medicine . Worth the price just for the book alone . Everything else is just a bonus !
 Nothing like being prepared when a child slice their knee on some broken glass , this Kit had fix the Kid up for an EVAC that came a hour late . The Hospital had prasied the Kit and the Operator , me , for help tending to a total strangers needs . I actuall recommend this Kit stay in the car at all time , and as a Camp Back-Up mmore advance Kit by the same maker .
 -LRB- review updated 12/08/09 -RRB- After much research , I picked up the Adventure Medical `` Sportsman '' first aid kit just prior to an ATV trip in the mountains of West Virginia . Last year I rolled my ATV , and another member of our party also had an injury . Fortunately , neither were serious . However , I realized that no-one had any form of first aid kit , which was foolish . Accidents DO happen , and it could have been MUCH worse . Though I am a former Red Cross-certified trail guide with first aid and CPR certifications , treatment recommendations have changed over the years and I have not kept up to date . Since no-one in my group was current on first aid or CPR , I needed both a first aid kit AND a guide.Enter the Adventure Medical Kits Sportsman Kit . Foremost , the roughly 8x6 '' size of this kit -LRB- 3.5 '' thick -RRB- was not as bulky as I anticipated . That was actually a good thing , because I did not have much room to spare and wanted to put it in my backpack . It was the perfect size for that . The nylon rip-stop construction of the bag is very durable , and the individual , labeled pockets inside keep everything well organized . The case has a reflective strip on the outside that would make it easy to locate in the dark , or to use as an identifier at night if someone were looking for you with a light or you needed to use it as a hazard cone.Inside , this kit has pretty much everything you would need for a day or weekend on the trails . About the only thing I felt it was lacking is a CPR mask , but you can make do with a glove with the finger cut out . The kit came with pretty much everything one would need , including aspirin and ibuprofen . Since we were going to be on the trails all day , I added some Immodium -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and some additional Advil and Tylenol . I also added some a few extra band-aids and a rubber strap -LRB- for tournicut or sling usage -RRB- . If we were going to be gone longer , I might consider adding some cipro or some other kind of antibiotic . Keep in mind that if you are primarily out hunting , you may wish to consider theAdventure Medical Kits Hunter Kit , which includes supplies for hanlding gunshot wounds . While this kit is NOT the pinnacle of all medical kits , it will address 90 % of all things you might want . A few minor additions , such as a small pocket knife , an emergency thermal blanket , a whistle , an instant cold compress , and perhapsPolar Pure Water Disinfectantwould round it out nicely . You should be able to fit most of those items in this kit . If your trip will last longer than 2-3 days or your group is larger than 5-7 people , you may wish to consider theAdventure Medical Kits Outfitter . It is more bulky , but much more comprehensive.As for the accompanying First Aid guide -LRB- Comprehensive Guide to Wilderness & Travel Medicine -RRB- , I found it to be FIRST CLASS . In fact , it has gotten many positive reviews itself . It is well-organized and structured , and would make it easy to determine the proper course of treatment for almost any situation . The guide alone is worth half the price of this kit.Overall , I highly recommend the Adventure Medical Sportsman kit ! The price is well worth what you get , in both content and peace of mind .
 I purchased this emergency first aid kit specifically for my 72 hr backpack . I would say that the type of supplies included is enough for most basic to moderate injuries requiring wound care . I definitely would not turn to this kit expecting to treat severe trauma wounds . The nice thing about this kit is that there is still room to add a few more supplies to your liking . I was able to add a pack of Quickclot and an Israeli Battle Dressing .
 I wanted to buy this to keep in my motorcycle luggage for overnight camp trips and in the unexpected event of an accident . My intended use is light topical care -LRB- bandaid , eyewash , imodium -RRB- , and basic stuff for severe trauma -LRB- broken arm and puncture wound -RRB- . Not really focusing on much in between because I generally expect to be within 45 minutes of professional help most of the time . Also , I did n't want a large kit because space is limited.I thought the construction was acceptable and will hold up fine for my intended use -LRB- protected in a compartment from any real abuse -RRB- . If it was any more `` durable '' it would be consuming unnecessary space/weight . I added a few items like Iodine Tablets and Eyewash . Also to beef up the basic ` trauma ' support including a Sam Splint , triangular sling , wound closure strips and normal size shears for cutting off heavy clothing -LRB- the scissors that come with are meant to cut through regular clothing - jeans at most.I would buy it again . It serves it 's purpose .
 Overall an excellent value . This kit includes almost all the essentials you will need and is comparably equipped to other kits of similar pricing . Where this kit excels over the others , and what compelled me to buy it
 This is a very good all-purpose first aid kit , and it has a little bit of everything you would need to quickly patch up a wound before seeking professional treatment . This is a must have for anybody , but keep in mind , it 's purpose is to patch you up and keep you free of infection until you can get quick professional attention-so do n't think this will keep you safe in an isolated situation where you ca n't get help . Good kit overall !
 I did a lot of research about first aid kits before purchasing . This is a very well equipped kit , small , light-weight , and very packable . The items are all organized by the type of injury , which is very different than most kits that I looked at where everything is packed tightly and in no particular order . There is also some room to grow in this kit , so if you want to add a few items , there is space to do so . These kits will stay in our two cars , and they would easily fit under a seat or possibly in a large glove compartment . I keep one in a backpack with our emergency items in my Honda and the other actually fits into a built-in first aid compartment in the trunk of our VW.My only complaint is that I had to go to the company 's website to get a detailed list of the items inside of the kit.I highly recommend this item .
 Good value for the money . Excellent choice for a camping kit or `` bug-out '' bag .
 Excellent T shirt , soft and fits well . Good construction . Should last for the entire training year . Not much more I can say , its a good quality product .
 Bought the Arcus DAC 9MM -LRB- compact model -RRB- but it was difficult to find a holster that fit . Had heard that some SIG 229 holsters would fit and took a chance . This thing fits like a glove . I own several paddle holsters for Glocks , Kimber 1911 and CZs . This is my favorite . Paddle is not too big , easy to take on and off , but wo n't fall off . Good leather and perfect fit . I also found it fit my CZ 75BD .
 Easy to put up plenty of room inside , The tent fits my truck like it was suposed to this was worth every dollar .
 When the tent arrived we decided to set it up on the truck in the driveway . After watching the video online the set up went well and took a total of about 30 minutes because it took time to put the new `` anti-scratch '' covers on the straps . We were glad we had done the trial run because when we got to the campsite it was very windy . Since we had already done a practice run it was much easier to deal with the wind . It took about 20 minutes to set up in the wind . Several nearby campers were sure it would n't hold up in the wind but it did great . We had planned on buying a truck bed air mattress but decided to try an inexpensive double size air mattress first to make sure we liked the truck camping . The double air mattress fit perfectly between the wheel wells so I doubt we will spring for the more expensive one . Overall we love it and ca n't wait to go out again.We priced this tent several places and Amazon had the best price .
 I just bought one of these tents a couple of weeks ago . The setup took about 20 minutes and then another 10 minutes for the canopy . The tent goes up just like any other popup tent with the fiberglass poles . The tent holes are color coded to the poles so that was a plus . The setup for the middle -LRB- inside -RRB- pole -LRB- that runs across the roof on the inside -RRB- was a little awkward because you had to be in the tent to set it up .3 gripes/cons :1 . The tent should have a padded floor to pad you and your knees from the hard metal truck bed . It would be fairly easy to make some sort of insert/pocket for placing padding in the bottom .2 . The door for the tent is difficult to zip shut at the corner due to the high amount of tension from the arching support pole . I had to unclip the hangar clip from the pole to get the door to zip shut . Unclipping the hangar clip is a 1/2 second task that easily corrects the zipper issue .3 . The canopy could be design a little better to handle rain . My canopy would pool rain water that had to be dumped . It would have been better designed by having a rainfly type pole support system . This support would keep the canopy stiff and the water would run off.Pros :1 . Keeps you off the ground -LRB- great for rainy weather . -RRB- 2 . Tent shape is very open inside so there 's lots of room to move around inside .3 . Excellent ventilation .4 . Neat little ` glove ' type hole that allows you to reach into your truck 's back window without having to expose your hand to the outside -LRB- great for when it 's raining . -RRB- It just so happens that it rained the first night I took this tent out . The rainfly and the tent kept me dry and waterproof.Overall - an excellent tent .
 I live in Wyoming , we love to camp and off road . Was going to get this unit last year but held off . I have to say , this thing rocks . I have a full size Ford F-150 . Pros : Ease of use -- very nice , poles are color coded to the appropriate sleeve on the tentThe rain fly fits over the tent nicelyGood looking unit , we had folks looking at our rig all day at the camp ground . -LRB- first trip with the 4yr old ! -RRB- Fits perfectly , no gaps . I was pondering the unit and at the attention to detail , it wraps around the tail gate and over the rails of the bedIt rained the first night camping -LRB- naturally -RRB- and we were dry and cozy . I did notice a few wet spots around the front corners in the morning , not sure if this was from the tent leaking or me getting out ... not sure , but it stormed that night . So if that is all that leaks , I am good.Plenty of room in the tent , If you are under six feet you can stand up.Cons : The minor leak , but again not sure if it was me or not.This would be a difficult one man job to set up . My wife had to crawl in the bed to lift the tent up to get all the poles in their slot . Either way two people is very easyNote , definately get either a cot or blow up mattress for the truck bed , even if you have a bed mat . Get off of those bed humps!For the price , it is definately the way to go . Off the ground , safely in the truck . Allows me to cheaply set up the back of the truck with sleeping quarters and tow my toys !
 Good tent , very roomy and the design is well thought out . The shelf areas and pockets on the side are very handy and the tent construction sturdy . The setup instructions could be better and it is somewhat difficult to put up without a helper .
 We are from Aus and could not believe the fast shipping on this purchase!Now to the product itself , this tent has been extremely well designed and is everything it should be.Quality - A + - The quality of the material is second to none , the zips and poles are all very well made , not flimsy cheap stuff.Set up - A + - We took this away for a weekend and the set-up of the tent took 2 of us about 10minutes , we had set it up before at home to work out the basics . But the ease in which it takes to set it up was great as we had rain coming and had to get it done quickly . This also prevents any tent-set-up fights , this one is so straight forward.Effectiveness as a tent - A + - So roomy ! Great head height , lots of breeze when you do n't have the rainfly on . The pockets on the sides are very handy for phones , torches etc. - We had rain -LRB- & heavy sometimes -RRB- during the night , but the rainfly kept all the water off the tent , not a spot on it when we packed it up except for the lower sides . The awning also held up well with the wet weather , no problems there.Overall this is a fantastic product and we must stress the need for something like this to be distributed in Oz!Thanks for a great purchase !
 This past summer I bought a 2004 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab pickup truck so I could have plenty of room to haul my 3 dogs and all of their stuff to disc dog -LRB- Frisbee -RRB- tournaments . I also had been longing for some time to take them camping . Shortly after buying the truck I found and purchased the Sportz Truck Tent III . This is one of the few truck tents that will fit my truck since it has such a short bed . In September I packed up the dogs , all of our stuff and headed out for a week of camping and Disc Doggin ' -LRB- still camping -RRB- . I am pleased to say that the Sportz Truck Tent lived up to my expectations in every way . One thing I was able to do that no one else has mentioned is remove and reinstall the tent every day without having to take it down . Just unhook the straps and lift it off the back of the truck and place it on a tarp ; in the evening lift it back into place and secure the straps again . It takes a bit of thought and caution to execute without damaging the tent , but it CAN be done . That gave me the flexibility to use the truck as needed during the day and really enhanced the usefulness of the tent . There was a good amount of room for me and my stuff in the back and I was totally dry when it finally rained -LRB- I had seam sealed -RRB- . I also , changed locations midweek and the tent was easy for me to take down , pack and set up by myself . Not bad for a girl ! Best of all , no more sleeping on the ground ! I bought an air mattress and it was like sleeping on a cloud . I really like the design and quality of this tent . If you have a truck , enjoy camping and are tired of sleeping on the cold , hard ground this may be just what you 're looking for .
 I got this tent spring of '06 for my double cab Tacoma short bed , so that must make it the original or the II and not the model III that they are selling now . Mine did not come with an awning.It is compact , durable , light weight , inexpensive , it sets up and tears down quickly and easily , and it is roomy inside for two adults and gear . We use a Coleman queen sized air mattress in it . We do a lot of off roading and primitive camping and large flat spaces for tenting can be few and far between , so camping in the bed of the truck was a great solution . Once you experience tenting off the ground you 'll never want to tent on the ground again.One thing I like about this tent is that there if we are at a site and are planning on coming back we lift the tent out of the bed still set up and set it on the ground and leave it behind . The rain fly was nice and worked well , and I like that the tent can be set up without the fly -LRB- some ground tents I have seen/owned can not be set up without the fly -RRB- . One thing I wish the tent had is a zippable window that faces the cab , so that if we wanted we could open the window , slide open the window on the back of the cab , and access the inside of the truck from the tent . I guess a newer tent on the market , the Adventure Truck Tent , Adventure 1 Truck Tent - model ALS-01does have a window like this , but this tent was not around when I was buying , so if I were buying today I 'd go with the Adventure one just for the window.Also , some screening on the roof of the Sportz would be nice so one could lay back at night and stare at the stars.Anyway , love this tent !
 Well , got the tent . . . in the mean time I built a false floor just above the wheel wells -LRB- supported by 6 plastic milk crates and a bottom level base -RRB- , now I have an 8 by 5.5 foot flat floor in the tent . I set the tent up off of the truck on a large tarp -LRB- then it is easily lifted on to the truck bed to be strapped down -RRB- . The tent can also be quickly removed from the truck and set on the tarp for temporary storage if I want to use the truck for transportation . The rain fly is a definite yes item . The tent seams are NOT water proof . The tent fits OK -LRB- tight -RRB- . I also bought a tonneau cover to keep the false floor and stored goods in the bed of the truck dry . Had to buy 6 stake hole covers to keep rain from draining down the stake pocket holes and wetting the structure of the false floor and stored goods in the bed of the truck . Essentially I have a 250 dollar camper stored under cover in the back of my 2008 Dodge 3500 . Will use it this summer to explore coastal Maine . Will edit this review as needed . Looks like the assembled tent can be stored hung from a tree branch too . Hope all works as well as I have planned . All of my camping equipment and tent fold away neatly and out of the elements too . I am excited about this summer.UPDATE 2012 : We were in a thunder storm in Wells Maine in July of 2012 . It rained , thundered and flashes of lightning fell upon us for about an hour . Not a drop got into the tent , though . I later learned that you are subject to lightning strikes in a tent . Ignorance is bliss I guess.Regards , Pag
 I used this tent last weekend when it rained heavily for about twelve hours . All of the ground tents were wet inside but this one was almost completely dry . A small amount of water accumulated near the cab end of the tent , presumably water running from the tent into the area between the cab and the tent accumulated in the bed and soaked through . Had the rain cover been extended to include the cab I think most of this would have been prevented . Overall the tent did great , stood up to some wind and the amount of water in the tent was so small I did n't notice it until the next morning .
 First camping trip since I was a teenager . Easy to erect BUT with the windy conditions @ O.H. Ivie Reservoir , we needed to adjust it frequently .
 Great tent , sets up in minutes and keeps you off the ground ! The wife even sleeps in it !
 My son -LRB- 2-years-old -RRB- enjoys this ball . I was surprised , however , when I got it because I had hoped to replace a playground ball that he 'd attached himself to when we went to the school park . So , when I got this delivered the next day and opened to find a small ball I was thrown off . He still loves it and the perk is it is small enough to play indoors . Wish I 'd read the dimensions first ! But overall I have no regrets he has since moved on from the playground ball he wanted and plays with this one just fine .
 This ball is the highest quality I have found ; textured rubber , extremely durable and beautiful ! The 5 inch diameter ball is especially nice because it is a very good size for younger children and older kids love it as well because they can palm it easily for throwing . My son has a `` bouncy ball '' collection and the Crocodile Creek balls are the ones he seems to use most often - and we have several brands ; including Togu and offical `` commercial quality '' balls used in schools and child care centers.You will not be disappointed with this ball !
 If you are going to buy a hat for the cold winter months , you might as well spend a little extra and get something that is well worth it . Soft , warm and comfortable .
 I ordered the TechnoMarine Midsize Moon Abyss Watch for my fiance and he loved it ! Beautiful watch and great quality !
 For the money , this seems to one of the best dive watches on the mkt.Bright yellow face , large numbers.So far , keeps very good time.Steve lew21
 I love to float in my pool , but hate to have the sun on my face ... This product took care of that problem ! The canopy is easy to hook onto the float and provides shade for the upper 1/2 of my body.I had no problems with the ring breaking when I used this -LRB- and I 'm heavier than the first reviewer -RRB- . The only difficult thing was inflating the ring -- they used a valve with a `` quick deflate '' feature , which made it hard to inflate and plug quickly enough so as to not lose too much air . It took a few attempts , but I finally got it inflated to my satisfaction .
 It was nice to find a sports frame that actually fits in with a home or office setting instead of a game room setting , while still showing team support . Great frame for putting an autograph in !
 Good quality shirt and new with tags as stated . Very fast shipping . I will buy again
 These are my other go to everyday balls . The Wilson US Open are my other . These are well made , durable , and keep their bounce much longer than Penn and the horrible Gamma balls.Recommend on hard courts as an everyday game/practice ball .
 Now I wonder why I never bought Dunlops before . I have been playing with them for a few weeks and they keep their strength and bounce a lot longer than other brands . I am going to stick with these from now on .
 I have used Penn tennis balls for some time , and found the Dunlop 's to be more durable and lasting . The only thing that needs to be done by Dunlop is to make sure that their product does not have defects such as loose matter inside the ball and to make sure the rubber line finish is cleaner . Other than this occasional miss the product is great .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I had fine cracks that developed in my tubeless tire -- it would only hold air for half a days worth of work . The inner tube was cheaper and easier fix than replacing the tire again .
 Excellent product good thick rubber . Two already fitted and tyres staying up good and hard . Shame the product does not seem to be available in the UK and I hade to purchase it from America !
 Used this tube for the tire on my wheelbarrow . Be prepared , removing and especially putting the tire back on the rim can be a major pain but this tube so far works great . Its been about a month and it hasnt lost any air . Like others have said it has a strong rubber smell , enough to stink up the garage .
 Installed and worked fine , seems ok . . not expecting any trouble as it 's just on a wheel barrow and does n't get much abuse . .
 This gun came in the mail 2 days after i ordered it.It weighs about 11/2 pounds and is very accurate . The clip holds about 13 rounds its shoots about 230fps and overall its pretty good , the one thing i did n't like about it is that you had to load the pellets in one by one like an actual gun .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 I got this pretty much because I like the colors . Of course being an Everlast product is also a plus . It 's comfortable and it looks good .
 We bought this for our 7 year old daughter for the holidays based on the great reviews . She absolutely loves it ; especially the trophy . The ability to personalize it with her name on the brass plate and to add her picture were huge difference makers in purchasing this particular belt rack . Delivery was quick . Overall , this is a very nice belt rack , but every time I add a belt to the rack I am faced with the same frustration . The little S hooks that connect one belt to the next are just too small and some are not wide enough to even attach to the main display . Because of that technical issue this display is not easy to assemble . I would recommend going to the hardware store and purchasing slightly larger hooks before you begin to assemble .
 Gave this to my niece for Christmas - she loved it ! I choose this one over many others because it was made in the USA !
 I will purchase another one for my husband when he passes his first test.I really like it . I put my white belt picture in the frame and I will be replacing the round decal with another picture of my black belt test .
 My grandaughter loved it . It was good quality and not hard to assemble . I would recommend . It arrived much sooner than expected date also .
 I purchased this display for my daughter . I wanted to be able to display her `` very hard to earn '' belts . I ordered it with a brass name plate also . It arrived as promised and the name plate was mounted for me . I was very impressed with the quality and speed of service . I had no trouble assembling it . In fact , it was very simple . The hooks were large enough to manipulate easily . The display proudly hangs on her bedroom wall . Dutch Touch Creations ... you did the job perfectly !!! Thank you !!!!
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was previously disappointed with a previous Daisy No. 25 purchase , so I was not expecting much from this Daisy rifle . But I was very impressed with this Daisy Grizzly . This rifle is the very reason Daisy dominates the single-pump pneumatic market . It 's their lowest cost entry rifle , definitely worth it , and you get a lot of value and quality for the price.PROS :1 . The Price , Value , and Quality2 . Reasonable Accuracy3 . Single Pump Pneumatic -LRB- The pump motion is short and takes very little energy but it is still fairly powerful -RRB- 4 . No spring going off inside the gun when you shoot -LRB- it 's pneumatic -RRB- . This adds to accuracy .5 . BB Loader Built In -LRB- If you shoot BBs , you can store them in the gun and easily reload them after every shot -RRB- 6 . The design & length -LRB- it 's 36 '' long , about full-size -RRB- 7 . Fiber optic front sights and adjustable rear sights -LRB- it 's accurate enough that you can use it without a scope -RRB- CONS : Ca n't think of anyGreat Rifle ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!
 Grandson got this for Christmas and loves it!Very nice gun with all accessories included.Seems ideal for 11 year old .
 OK ... so it is my mistake but I was really hoping to find a BB/Pellet that was CO2 . I was disappointed when I first realized it was pump only.That said however , it has turned out to be a really cool gun ! My son loves it!The scope is just a tiny cheap -LRB- not super cheap ... just not comparable to what you would have on a 22 or something -RRB- , but overall awesome product !
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 They have a good bounce and seem to take wear and tear very well .
 We bought these skates for our two daughters about a year ago , and they have held up well , both during sidewalk skating and at the roller rink -LRB- where they let the girls use these skates instead of renting skates -RRB- . They are definitely a GIRL 'S size 3 . Perhaps they run a bit big , but my girls -LRB- currently aged 9 and 10 -RRB- wear about a size 3 shoe , and these skates fit them just fine . The only problem is that the laces are so long , they can get snarled up in the velcro closing at the top , but an adult can easily straighten them out .
 The recommended age for these skates is 4-5 yrs ... They are way to big for 4-5 yr olds . They are sized more like a 10.5-11 girls shoe size . We bought them for our 4 year old B-day but there is no way she will be able to fit them for another 4 years!Seem to be good quality , but beware of the size .
 We got these for our daughter for her 7th birthday , and now she wo n't take them off !! They are cute , and she says they 're comfortable too . I 'm glad we bought them ... the price was n't bad either !
 I ordered these for my 8 year old . She loves them and they are very well made . They are right on target for the size . The shoe laces are very long so you have to tie them so that they do n't get in the wheels . They are very cute and are geat fun .
 I got these for my 8 year old daughter . She will NOT take them off !! She loves them but I think they could be made a bit better.The material is a bit flimsy , not as thick as a shoe would be.The tongues of the skates dont stay in place , that annoys me but my daughter does not seem to mind that I have to untie and fix the tongue and retie the skate about every 5 minutes.She is a beginner skater and these seem to be doing alright for her , so they are a good starter pair . If they were a bit more thick for extra support these would be close to great.SIZING : My daughter wears a girls size 2 SHOE . I ordered a size 3 SKATE because that is what she wore at the roller rink when she rented skates . They are a bit big on her , but almost perfect fit with two pairs of socks on . So the sizing is NOT right on the dot , it might be hard for you to decide on a size , sorry !
 I bought these skates for my 4 year old granddaughter . She thinks they are super-cool . The quality is good and they look nice too . These skates were a wise choice and at this price I 'd buy them again in a heartbeat !
 I purchased these roller skates for my niece for her 7th birthday along with the pink Razor youth helmet.As soon as she opened the package she picked up the box and ran to her mother saying `` mom ! she got me roller skates ! '' lol.She immediately tried them on and I helped her tie the laces and re-close the velcro at the top.She started to skate through the house until her mother yelled at her lol.I have to say that I was impressed by the quality and sturdiness of these skates.They remind me of my skates as a teen.Her shoe size was a 121/2 , so I bought her a size 1 which was just a tad big but perfect.She can wear tube socks and they 'll be just right , and it should also take a little longer for her to outgrow them.I am extremely happy with this purchase , and it also made my little niece very happy !
 Great product , came exactly as described . Great for beginners . I would highly recommend these skates to someone buying them for a first-timer who wants street skates that are n't in-line .
 Skates are well made and durable . Wider wheel base is slower at the skating rink but does appear to be more stable on uneven surfaces .
 These skates run very large . I purchased these in a size 5 which are usually too small for my child . . instead these skates are HUGE on her . Love the idea of velcro at the top to keep the ankle tight . Stylish without being too boring .
 ITS BEEN OVER A YEAR SINCE I GOT THESES FOR MY 6 YR GRAND DAUGHTER THEY HAVE HELD UP WELL SHE STILL PLAYS WITH THEM GREAT BUY ... GREAT PRODUCT
 I got these skate for my daughter 's 4th birthday . She been using them for a year and absolutely loves them . We got a size J12 . She 's only a size 9 shoe but they work just fine . We 've only used them inside and at the skating rink . Her 3 year old sister also wears them and loves them . In fact , I 'm about to order a second pair for her.It 's nice how they can put them on by themselves . We actually tried the rental skates at the rink and my daughter had a lot of trouble skating . Then she put on these skates and spent 2 hours skating around without any help . Very sturdy and well worth the price .
 This is a great product to buy for your little ones ... my daughter enjoys learning how to roller skate with these Chicago skates .
 My niece absolutely loves these skates ! As reported to me , they were very comfortable and rolled quite well . Not too fast and not too slow . . They rode like butter ... She 's a novice skater building her way up to the next level . So I 'm glad that she received these and is enjoying them . Great safe buy ...
 So I ordered these skates for my niece for her 4th birthday . I love the product , but am really bummed . Nothing to do with Amazon , but I received 2 right foot skates . I emailed the manufacturer and am hoping to receive a replacement quickly -LRB- hopefully before her birthday -RRB- . Other than receiving 2 right skates , I like these a lot . They are really cute and I know my niece will love them . The only thing I can really say is that they look like they may run a little bit big . I already knew they would be a little bit big on my niece because she wears a toddler size 10/11 and the smallest size these skates come in are a 12 , but she 'll grow into them quickly . The other thing I was worried about was the warning sticker on the box which was mentioned in some of the reviews I read . I saw that those reviews were from 2011 and am hoping that since this issue was taken up with Amazon and the manufacturer , that they would not continue to sell this product if it was a big deal . I want to make it clear that I am not encouraging anyone to buy this product if they are concerned about it ... just that I personally felt okay about buying them . Plus , I am not planning on letting my niece eat them or burn them and inhale the fumes . I am curios , however , to know what it is that they are warning us about ... I 'll have to look into it further .
 I 'm very happy . My granddaugther will be very happy , too . It 's a surprise for the Christmas , but I know that she will like it . The skate is solid , the better material and excelent confection .
 My granddaughter wanted skates for her birthday . These skates made an excellent gift for her . They roll well on pavement . I was very pleased with this item . -LRB- And so was she . -RRB-
 We have twin granddaughters who just turned five years old . This is the gift we chose for their birthday gift . When they opened their rollerskates , that was it !!! WOW !! Such joy !!! They put them right on and wore them most of that day and before breakfast the next day , etc. . Sure , they fell down sometimes but are getting better each day !!! I recommend the Chicago Girls Sidewalk Skates , very highly . A happy Grandma and Grandpa !! Thank you Amazon for your fast service .
 The Sidewalk Skates were just what my granddaughter wanted . She 's had them on ever since Christmas .
 The skates are great and my daughter loves them . Also a good price . We are happy .
 My granddaughter is 5 . She was recently invited to a roller skating party . She had never roller skated , but was determined to give it her best effort . After an hour or so of carpet skating she was found sitting with her head down on the edge of the rink . Figuring she was tired and ready to give up , I asked her if she was ready to quit . The fight began , she in no way wanted to give up the skates , her only desire was to be out on the rink with the other older girls -LRB- 7 & 8 -RRB- . After a lap around the rink , holding on for dear life , she gave up the skate with a promise of finding her a pair . She reminded me daily . Bad time of year for skates . Finally found them on a site that promised future ... . shipment . Well after waiting over 3 mos I went in search again and found AMAZON , yeah !! They had them here in 3 business days and needless to say my granddaughter has not taken them off since she put them on . She even told me after the first day of skating - Grammy this are really cool !!
 Granddaughter loved the skates and had fun . I would buy these again . These skates fit very well and are sturdy .
 Our 5 year old loves these ! They are great for outside on the concrete -LRB- although she uses them in the house a lot more -RRB- They fit pretty true to size and are very well made .
 Brought for my niece for a Christmas present and it was a hit !! She loves them so much & the quality is great . Will purchase this product again .
 I bought these for my almost 8 year old daughter for Christmas . She is an average skater so I just wanted the basic skate . These were perfect . The quality was as expected for the price . They are easy to put on and lace up-a plus ! She skates mostly in the garage right now due to weather but she has already logged many hours on these skates . They also seems to be wearing well so far .
 they have worked great and my little girl loves them . i am very pleased with the product . great gift idea
 These skates roll well . My daughter loves them and thinks they are her best Christmas present . Thetongue of the shoe needs to connect to the lacing so it does n't keep slipping to the sides .
 Fabulous , we have already used them at the rink ! Perfect for the indoor type of roller rinks ! Thank You very much !
 My daughter loved these skates I bought them for her for Christmas because she had a skate party for her birthday which is 2 days after christmas . All her guest wanted to know where she got them from . The best thing of all is that most skates for kids stop at size 4 but these went up to a size 5 and still had that juvenile look !
 I bought these skates for a 10 year old.I was very pleased with the sturdy constructionof these skates . Plus , they were very cute !!!!
 These are great skates . I read the reviews and got them for my daughter . I got some adjustable ones as well . These fit better and were more comfortable to use . She has outgrown them now and wants rollerblades . They were a great first pair of skates and , with lots of wear left in them , will find a great new home with a friend 's daughter . Very pretty , very comfy . I should also add that she has extra-wide feet , so great to find something that would accommodate her feet .
 Bought these for my daughter she is 5 and she absolutely loves them . They tie and velcro , sizing might be a little tricky getting them online I took a shot and got size 1 for her and they were a little big but she does n't complain about it and she 'll be able to use them a little longer that way . She puts them on every night and skates around the house , cant wait for summer so she can skate outside . They seem to be made really well and should hold up until she outgrows them . I will definitely buy a new pair when she does outgrow them .
 Chicago skates are the way to go ! I 've bought several skates and these were pretty good . The fit is good and the boot is fairly roomy . The cushion is sufficient and this skate is not too flimsy . Beginning skaters will not keep them on for too long . My girls put them on and off thru out the day . I did n't give this 5 stars because my girls -LRB- ages 3 , 5 , 7 -RRB- prefer the hard adjustable skates due to ease of slipping their feet right in .
 I blought these skates for my 5 year old daughter . She is pretty good skater . So , she loves them and uses them at the skating ring as well as outside . They look good , roll good , but you would need to loosen the wheels and the scrue on the outsole since they come in tighten up . Definitely a perfect combination of price and quality for a little child .
 This gift was n't requested of Santa , but my 7 year old granddaughter has n't taken them off since we gave them to her ! The skates run a bit small so it was fortunate I ordered one size larger than her shoe size . They are attractive and sturdy and easy to stop with . It 's been too cold and snowy for her to try them on the sidewalk , but the house has survived and the carpet is snag-free . When asked , she said this was her favorite from all her gifts ! That 's quite a recommendation .
 The skates a wonderful the kids have used them a few times since getting them for Easter and there have been no problems . As for sizes one wears a 1.5 and the other 2.5 The skates do not come in half sizes so I bought 2 and 3 and they are plenty big .
 My daughter loves these and has them on all the time . Have used indoors and outside , good beginner skates .
 It was difficult to decide what to give to our granddaughter of 11 , this skates were wanderful . In all senses.Chicago Girl 's Sidewalk Skate
 I bought these for my daughter to use at a local skating rink . She LOVES them ! They fit well , they are comfortable to use , and they look great ! I saw these for sale at the store in the skating rink for $ 69 . They are a great deal at Amazon !
 My daughter absolutely loves these skates , says they are wonderful and she uses them in our basement which is not the smoothest floor and she just flies !! She says they are easy to get on and off and the size is just right . She usually takes a 4-5 and she is 10 years old .
 The granddaughter was thrilled with the skates . They appear sturdy and the stop in the front works well . Now , if only the wearer can get a little more balanced and experienced , I wo n't loose so many hairs !
 very good delivery time at this holiday season ! the shoes are substantial and hold the foot well . this made a happy child christmas morning . thank you.d
 I purchased these skates for an Adopt a Family program . They are a good skate for the price . I wish the wheels were a little nicer , but I am used to skating on my $ 400 skates . I think any 8 year old will love these .
 I bought these for my daughter 's 9th birthday . They are great skates for the money . She loves the look and says they are very comfortable . Size runs normal .
 Yes , This item is simply a steal really ... I ordered these skates for my 9yr old daughter Cloe -LRB- she is a size 5 shoe -RRB- and the skate size 5 should be a bit larger but ideal , it is for her xmas gift ! Very Cool Skates ... very strong an durable look & feel , they are so precious for a young girl ... and I am sure she will be as pleased as I am . Happy online shipping !
 I bought these skates for my granddaughter 's birthday . She loved them and said `` they were exactly what she wanted '' . They arrived in plenty of time for her special day .
 Great product , excellent service , would buy from them again , very fast shipment had problem with size sent and was shipped the correct one immediately.thanks !
 I searched everywhere for some roller skates for my daughter . These have great ! she has had them over a year , and they have held up well . I would say they run a little big , but we just lived with them and tied them a little tighter . My daughter really likes them !
 These skates were a birthday present for my child and they fit perfectly ... very true to size . The laces are a bit long and difficult for her to tie but she is learning to skate on city sidewalks and concrete and they are very user-friendly , and easy to slow down and stop with the toe stopper . Watch out , roller derby here we come !
 Recently purchased this for my 7 year old daughter who wears a size 12 . I ordered a size up based from the reviews and they were just right and a little extra room when her feet grows . It was a wise decision to buy it instead of the roller blades . My daughter loves her new skates so much that she even sleeps with it . This skates is definitely a good buy and a reasonable price among the others .
 I bought these for my granddaughters , ages 5 and 6 . The sizes I bought were perfect , so they seem to be true to size . The skates rolled great on the concrete sidewalk and even on the street . I would recommend these to anyone with little girls who want to learn to skate !
 We got these for my daughter 's 4th birthday and she loves them . They are great for beginners . Very cute and lots of fun !
 The skates arrived quickly and were well packaged with no damage . The are very nice , good quality skates and my daughters love them . I 'm happy with this purchase .
 The skates very nice and fit our granddaughters very well . They have enjoyed them and they appear to be a very good quality .
 Given to my granddaughter for Christmas , these were a big hit ! They appear to be well-made and fit her nicely . Good value for the price , especially since she 'll probably only wear them a year .
 Ordered this item last week and was afraid that it would n't get here in time . it got here 3 days BEFORE it was supposed to , the day after it shipped . The size is RIGHT ON THE MONEY . These are for my 6 year old daughter 's birthday . They are of good quality and SUPER cute . she 's gon na be thrilled . THANKS AMAZON !
 I got these pair of skates for my six years old daughter as a birthday gift . She loves the skates and they seem comfortable . It was a great choice for her first pair of skates . Like the other reviews mentioned the skates are good quality . She 's had it for 2 months now , and tries to use them as often as possible . My daughter is slightly above average in size , but size 1 fits her good and it seems like it should fit until next year .
 I bought two pairs of these skates for my 4 year old twins . We 've had them out 4 times ans so far so good . They are easy to get into and the velcro at the top lets you pull the skate tightly across . The skates are one size larger than my kids feet , but because of the velcro strap , it 's not a big deal . They look fabulous , the ride seems very smooth . Both of my kids are actually rollerskating!I 'd give it five stars but the wheels are already showing some wear -LRB- not anything big -RRB- . I do n't know if all skates would show wear after four outings on the driveway or not . Anyway , the skates will fit little feet and have room for little feet to grow , they are obviously well made , smooth ride , sturdy stoppers , kids love them . Wheels do n't seem chintzy , they seem good , but I wonder if there is n't a kids skate out there with better .
 My daughter loves them . I think the material that the toe stop is made out of may deteriorate rather quickly -LRB- it seems to rub off fast ; she has only used the stops a couple of times , and there is a significant amount gone -RRB- , and we will probably have to replace them sooner rather than later , but we are happy with the skates in general .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter and she loves them . They look nice , fit well and seem to be made well .
 Grandbaby asked for skates , I searched all of the known stores to get them and my final resource was Amazon . . Well Lo and behold I found them , and the shipper got them there before Christmas . . Thanks
 They are stylish and durable and my daughter rides her skates every chance she gets . Nice product !
 We got these skates for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them ! It has been a couple weeks now since Christmas and she still puts them on every day .
 my 7 yr old daughter just loves these skates . Me , too . They roll smoothly , look good & she has alot of fun with them . A real good buy for me , alot of fun for her . Well worth the 24.99 price I paid . -LRB- which I thought was a real good deal . -RRB- Thanks !!!!
 My son is very new to snowboarding - I did n't want to spend loads of money on accessories not knowing if he will continue . This fits great and came at a great price for a young guy -LRB- 8 -RRB- who is just learning .
 I bought one of these scaffolds a year ago and I have to say I was impressed with the quality.T he platform is sturdy , easy to roll and store , and made taping , painting and installing molding much simpler than standing on a ladder . When you lift off the two platforms , the sides fold in for easy storage and you can easily hang it on the wall or lean it up against the wall . The casters even lock to prevent rolling around unexpectedly.I have seen comparable products , but the Buffalo item was built the nicest . Go for it !
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 CP makes great quality products and their barrels back bores are no exception . Very durable high quality hone interior finish and pretty cheap compare to other brands . I personally do n't like fit kits which has a much shorter control bore , I prefer a longer control bore for more accuracy and better efficiency . 2 piece barrel pack away easier than a 1 pc 14 '' - 16 '' barrel . This back is also compatible with their `` Dynasty '' fronts and Stiffi makes a carbon front as well .
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 I read a couple of other reviews that indicated this product is now shipping with a flimsier cap that is easily broken . I went ahead and ordered and sure enough , it does come with a different cap then in the picture.The new cap is along the lines of `` child safe '' in that you have to push down on the top part of the cap and it then engages the bottom part of the cap and allows it to be screwed in or out . I think the actual design is to prevent the cap from becoming loose and leaking the contents of the bottle - which in my case is going to be unleaded gasoline . The bottom part of the cap actually has an o-ring seal , which is good.I was still concerned so I emailed Brunton customer support . I received a very quick reply that indicated `` all brands are switching to this type of cap due to increased regulations . '' I also inquired about the warranty if the cap should break or what the cost of a new one would be . The response was `` I provide caps free of charge `` Excellent customer service and I will keep the bottle Good job Brunton !
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 My kids loved this . . towing from the boat and also playing in the pool . . this thing saw a lot of action and sun and chlorine . lasted for 3 or 4 years like that ... nice . .
 I just bought this one for my girlfriend to keep her training , and Im glad to did it!Easy to use , no dificult to set up and use , also no compatibility trouble qhen im running beside her . In fact , i was using a Oregon Scientific Vibra trainer fit -LRB- always more features , but frecuent errors while running -RRB- . Also , this one does n`t have troubles with NIKE IPOD devices.Very recommendable --
 I wanted a heart rate monitor that had the watch function also . Since I am already familiar with the Timex brand sports watch , I thought I would try the brand for less for the heart rate monitor . I am very pleased . It is easy to use and easy to read . I have n't had any issues with it not registering my heart rate , I did n't need any special creams or anything weird to ensure it worked.Some of the more expensive monitors have n't had the best reviews , only measure heart rate -LRB- no watch function -RRB- , and I have noted also that the batteries in the more expensive ones can only be replaced by a licensed rep. Not so for the battery in the strap for this brand -LRB- the watch I would still have replaced by a someone with the proper tools -RRB- , the battery in the band is easily accesible and replaceable.I am VERY pleased with this purchase and the price is great considering the quality and ease of use .
 Great product ! Easy to use , good looking and the heart beat sensor is precise and sensitive.My wife runs three times a week and she loves to wear this watch . The display has large digits which makes it easy to read even at night . I own a Timex Ironan heart rate monitor too and I damaged the sensor dropping it on the ground . Luckly I have found out that the sensor is the same type that came with my wife 's watch so I can use hers when she is not running .
 I 've had this product for a couple of weeks now and I have no complaints . I actually enjoy it , it 's very simple and it helps me keep my workout on track . I highly reccomend this product if you 're just looking for a basic HRM like I was .
 I only use the basic features of this watch , so far , and I love it . I use it for every workout now -- seems very accurate . Very easy to use . Easy to read . Good size for a small wrist . I would recommend it 100 % .
 I 'm not the professional runner or anything , but this watch has worked perfectly for me . For starters , the design is pretty and the size is perfect . I spend a lot of time searching for a watch that worked , and that also looked nice-most of these watches are made for men and are really bulky and ugly . . And for the heart rate monitor part , the signal is great , it has useful fuctions -LRB- chrono , alarm , review workout and recovey time -RRB- and I think is very accurate.Overall , I 'm very happy with my purchase , and know I can enjoy my workouts monitoring my heart so I can take the most out of it.Thank you Timex ! : -RRB-
 I am very pleased with my purchase . This watch is easy to set up and use . For a heart rate monitor , I think it looks quite nice . The chest transmitter is comfortable & I forget that I have it on . Also , I have never had a need to add anything besides water to the sensors . Amazon definitely has the best prices on this heart rate monitor . I searched on-line and around town but , everyone else is selling this for about $ 40.00 more .
 Muy buen producto , f&aacute;cil explicaci&oacute;n y bonito para llevar siempre puesto . Fue muy buena esta compra
 I have had this for quite some time and realized I never wrote a review . This heart rate monitor has withstood so much . It is my best friend , I do n't work out without it . It is nice to be able to track my true heart rate and calories burned opposed to what the maching `` claims '' I am doing .
 Good product . Well made , easy to navigate menu system . Excellent documentation describing how to work out in various heart rate zones , and the benefits thereof.On the Eliptical Trainer , I have a tendancy to work out too hard on the `` hills '' , and my heart rate can easily hit the max for my age . With this monitor , I now back off a tad on the hills and speed up on the flats to keep my heart rate in my chosen heart rate zone -LRB- Zone 3 -RRB- . The goal is to maximize `` time in zone '' . It is a great way to work out.If you are losing weight , remember to input your new weight on a periodic basis so that your burned calorie results are accurate . Expect to change the battery in the heart strap every six months .
 I 'm proud to say that I was reviewing my purchase history on Amazon and that I purchased this watch such a long time ago and I still love it and that it still works to perfection . I 'm a runner and use it all the time , it is light , simple , stylish and it is still like new even though I bought it so long ago .
 I have this one for so many years and still works fine . It is light , beautiful and has a good quality . I strongly recommend .
 I did my research and I finally settled on this watch and I love it . It has really helped me stay in my targeted range and the calorie counter is a great feature as well . It works really well when swimming laps . The belt is waterproof and very comfortable .
 I bought this watch/heart mointor 4 months ago . I use it while running and the data it provides has been very beneficial to my training . I can also use it and my ipod nike plus with out interferrance . Between the two I have been able to improve the quality and quanities of my runs .
 I have not had any problems with this watch . It is small enough to fit my very small wrist with a hole or two left over . The chest strap is not uncomfortable , once I put it on it can be concealed easily and I do n't even notice it . I have never had a problem getting a heart rate . I have not used every function yet but I do enjoy the review portion of the watch in all . I highly recommend this watch to anyone who wants something that is not too expensive , and is very user friendly .
 We needed to get workout watches for our swimming workouts and this watch has been really great . Everyone else that bought other name brands have been having trouble with their watches but this watch has been running perfect . Would recommend this watch .
 I received thsi watch yesterday , and I occurred with the surprise of which the box indicates that it is of woman , although the description in amazon does not indicate it.In some webs indicates that he is unisex , the certain thing is that the body of the clock has the normal size , but the strap is a little thin . In any case I have the thin wrist , and one is not to me bad.On the operation , the HR works OK , the chronometer of 30 laps has `` a small '' detail , you can not see the lap in which you go , only the sample the first 10 seconds but soon disappears of the screen.With respect to the other functions , everything is perfect , awesome function Night of indiglow , if it active , any thing to me that you do with the clock maintains ignited the screen , ideal for night training.The clock is brilliant , enchants to me , except for the detail of which they did not indicate for woman , would put 5 stars to him . Another detail , the unions of the sensor seem to me very delicate , hopefully are not broken with the use .
 Timex Ironman T59761 Midsize 30-Lap Digital Fitness Heart Rate Monitor WatchI was surprised that Timex made a heart monitor . However , I was not interested in buying a Polar or another brand that I ca n't remember because of bad experiences with each . So , I read the reviews on this Timex model and decided to try it . So far , it does everything that I want it to , with no problems .
 I am a walker , not a runner , but I wanted a heart rate monitor to help make sure I 'm walking fast enough to get an aerobic workout . It 's hard to tell if you 're walking fast enough without one . I also wanted it as a motivation tool . I 'm very happy with it and it meets all my needs . I use it every day and am very happy I bought it!It keeps track of multiple items in your workout session
 I love this watch . It 's easy to use and has everything you need including stop watch , countdown timer , calorie counter , and a review of your highest , lowest , and average heartrates through your workout . I do n't go running or work out without it .
 I intended to use it for lap-swimming , but have not used it in the pool yet . I 've been pleased with its performance during workout classes and on the cardio machines - the heart rate monitor helps me target the proper workout intensity.The chest band is a bit uncomfortable because I 'm small . It took a little bit of time to get used to the chest band . The chest band is low-profile , and I do n't feel that anyone can see it under my workout clothes.The watch is nice , and fairly simple to use . The indiglo is a nice feature . Operation is NOT intuitive - You will have to read the manual to figure out all the features.Edited to Add
 This watch is as good as it looks . I 'm using it along with `` Buh Bumb Conductivity Cream for heart rate monitor chest transmitters '' -LRB- also available here on Amazon -RRB- and between the two I 've never had even a momentary blip or out of expected heart rate range reading - ever . The ability to customize the display on various screens is great , and the small size of the watch -LRB- so that it can be marketed as unisex -RRB- is actually very helpful in not getting in the way of hand/arm movement during workouts.The only improvement I 'd make is that the tabs on the ends of the strap for connecting the transmitter unfasten way too easily - often coming right off on one side while I 'm trying to attach the other side to put it on . This can be very frustrating . My own remedy for this is to put some poster tack -LRB- silly putty like substance for hanging posters -RRB- in the gap between the strap 's tabs and the transmitter - this makes the gap between the two smaller and so less likely to have them come apart unintentionally . But ideally I 'd like to see them improve the method for connecting the strap to the transmitter , so that it would only disconnect when you are actually trying to take it off !
 Delivers exactly what it advertises . Just barely larger than the women 's ironman watch , it does n't look clunky . Easy to set up the Max heart rate , and it automatically sets all the zones for you . Strap is very comfortable , and instructions are easy to read .
 Simple yet plenty of features . Sensor reads and sends signals like a charm . When you compare all factors , it 's the best value out there , at the very least , for those owning a first or second HRM . Highly recommended !
 I bought a heart rate monitor at the urging of my personal trainer because I am pregnant and plan to continue working out and running throughout my pregnancy . The purpose of getting one was to not get exceed a certain heart rate and remain at a safe pace.This is my first heart rate monitor . I initially looked at the Polar Heart Rate monitors , but there was only 1 model that would fit my small wrist -LRB- F4 -RRB- . I began to look at the Timex for several reasons :1 -RRB- The watch fit my petite wrist ; 2 -RRB- The monitor has a Digital Transmission , so I would not get interference with others who are using heart rate monitors in the same vicinity -LRB- Polar has their own technology called PolarOwn , but it is only offered on monitors that were all above $ 100USD -RRB- , and3 -RRB- The value of the number of features listed were much more than the Polar -LRB- more bang for your buck -RRB- . I am very happy with it so far ! It is accurate and I had no problems with getting a reading.The only drawback is the `` beeping '' sound if you set your workout `` Zone '' and are not reaching your preset `` Zone '' . I was able to manually turn it off , and not use this feature , but the continuous beeping is very annoying.I would highly recommend this model .
 I love this watch a lot . I use it all the time . I take spinning and for me its fun to know what my heart rate is so that I can be in the right zone . IT has a calorie counter , heart rate monitor , a timer , an alarm , and other little things . Super easy to set up the heart rate monitor . All you do is put it on and run your finger under some water and then rub it a little bit against the strap . The reason that the first person prob . had issues is becuase she prob . ruined it with all the vasaline she put on it . Why ?!?! Anyway ! Its a great watch , easy to use , and fun to have on a workout.Happy shopping : -RRB-
 This HRM is a great little tool - it 's pretty accurate as long as you keep the electrode moist , the user interface is reasonably navigable , and the watch is actually the same size as a regular watch -LRB- unlike many HRMs which are HUGE -RRB- . It 's an easy way to monitor the intensity of your workouts . Also quite waterproof - I 've worn it in the pool while working out . It 's not as accurate in the water , but it survived prolonged immersion just fine . The soft chest strap is pretty comfortable , and the small size of the watch while maintaining the readability of the numbers on the face make this a great product .
 I researched multiple heart rate monitors but did n't want to spend a lot of money . I wanted a simple tool that could serve as my daily watch when not being used as a HRM . The Timex that I purchased fit the bill and I 'm happy to report it has proven to be reliable and easy to use . I agree with a couple of the reviews I read before purchasing the watch that it definitely was made with a women 's wrist in mind .
 This watch is the best fairly inexpensive heart rate monitor I have had . Not only does it keep accurate records , it stores both lap information and heart rate information for you to be able to record after your workout . Even when I am not using the heart rate monitor this watch has been awesome .
 I mainly wanted a watch with a countdown timer - a replacement for my 12 year old timex ironman . I was also considering heart rate monitors so a two in one deal I figured I could n't lose . Even if I did n't like the heart rate function I still had a watch I 'd use . It is simple and intuitive to use , I 've enjoyed the feature greatly . My only complaint is the hard plastic middle of the heart rate monitor has caused chafing on my longer runs . It could be a problem with my body type - small girth but large busted .
 Got this watch for my wife who does indoor cycling . She loves the watch . The watch is midsize and looks and works great . Highly recommended . Great price on Amazon .
 I ride a hybrid bicycle most days to work , try to go to spin class when I ca n't ride to work and ride a road bike on the weekends . I wanted something that I could use indoors on a spin cycle as well as outside on the road . I have had the Heart Rate Monitor watch for a few weeks now and it is very accurate and easy to use . I would highly recommend this HRM for anyone who needs a monitor that can go with them from their bike to their spin class .
 I got this on a recommendation . All the personal trainers at the gym have more expensive polar ones . Mine is very accurate , simple and easy to understand and loaded with advanced feature 's . Now I know when I am killing myself , slacking , or in my zone and it keeps my mind from tricking me into thinking I am working too hard . It is a great tool to have to better improve your body . I do n't work out without mine .
 This monitor works for me if the monitor strip is place firmly under my exercise bra . Once it is placed , it stays in place throughout my workout . The only complaint about the watch is if I take my glasses off to exercise , I ca n't see the numbers -- partly due to my poor eyes , but I think the numbers could be clearer or something .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 What a great buy ! I bought this tee shirt over a year , ago . It still remains a dark black with zero signs of wear . If they had an XL available , I would buy one right now , but currently , they show only large .
 This banner is made of a heavy-duty fabric which will stand up well to the winter weather . The double-sided design is just what I wanted - brightly colored and well constructed . I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 This flag is great , printed on the fabric and not embroidered . Experience tells me the printed flags last longer . The embroidered flags always tear where they were sewn . Very happy with this one . Go Steelers !!!
 Great flag . Larger than I expected . Good quality fabric . Has held up well so far and we 've had a lot of rain and wind this summer and into the fall . Colors have held up well in the weather too . It 's a great flag for Steeler fans !
 Nice ! Large enough for all the Packer neighbors to see . Great that the image is two sideded and in bold colours !
 We have this bold colored banner hanging on our front door to proudly tell our neighbors we are Steelers fans . The bright bold colors hold up to full sun with our full glass view door to cover . We have a metal door and have it hung by strong magnets.This banner would also look outstanding on a flag or banner pole .
 We are huge steelers fans . Our last flag finally died and we had to continue sharing the Steeler love . This flag is great quality and tough enough for winter .
 I purchased this as a gift for my Mother and she loves it . It 's been hanging outside of her house for about two years now and does n't look worn at all .
 Great material on flag making it durable because u live within a windy and rainy area . Perfect design and size
 no problems with the order , flag was just what I wanted . It is double sided which was a real plus , and why I picked it .
 Working in a ` business casual ' environment as an Army contract employee - a polo and dockers are our uniform in front of troops while instructing . Along with my ` Corporate Logo ' polos our company like us to wear - and a variety of US Army -LRB- I was there shirts -RRB- school , activity , unit and post shirts I 've accumulated over the years - the shirt also celebrates my recent purchase of a GLOCK 36 -LRB- compact .45 -RRB- . Overpriced to pay for the Glock license fee for their corporate logo on the shirt - the polo is - neither better or worse than other logo shirts accumulated over the years.Farbic is meduium weight polyester with a no roll collar . Three button front at the neck - adjust to your comfort and a generous tail to tuck into your pants - no ride up and out of the shirt.Machine washable with standard instruction tag - and the GLOCK logo to let everyone know its one of your favorite pistol brands . -LRB- It -RRB- let 's my students know I share their profession of arms - and the public know I 'm a stand up 2nd amendment supporter .
 Love the watch it does everything I need . Only a few concerns . One you ca n't replace the watch band , and you ca n't manualy set your HR target zones . All in all a good product for the price .
 I use this monitor for running and biking and I am very happy with its performance . The sensor strap fits snuggly and stays in place just under the chest . The directions recommend that you wet the sensor with some water before you put it on ; I 've done this every time and have had no issue with the transmission from sensor to watch . It clearly and accurately records my stats . The price plus the effectiveness of the monitor make this a winner purchase . My past Ironman watches have taken a lot of abuse and have lasted for a long long time , and so far this one 's taking the same amount of abuse.NOTE
 I like this HRM better than my polar one for a couple of reasons . One , since it is pretty much an ironman watch , I am familiar with what the watch part can do and two , it was easy to figure out without having to read a confusing manual . The only thing I wish it had was a softer chest band like my polar has but I do n't really notice it all that much.I bought this HRM so I can have a HRM and a countdown timer which is really important for me .
 First off I have never trained with an HRM before . I went with the Timex because I have used the ironman line int he past for running and I enjoy the simple usability the device offers.This ironman watch does n't have the same reviews as the other Timex HRM offered for a similar price , but I like the appearance of the Ironman HRM and figured they must have the same guts ... I unboxed mine and was up and monitoring within 15 minutes . All you need to do is change the date/time , max hr and weight and the whole watch is good to go . Timex will pre-configure 5 training zones for you and there is a 6th manual mode as well . I found the HRM to be accurate out of the box with minimal water applied to the sensors.On my first run I compared my walking HR between the timex and the treadmill hand sensors and they were exactly the same.I will also say that the HR Chest Belt is much more comfy than I anticipated ! Overall I 'm very happy and have a good looking watch to boot .
 Just got the watch , so these are initial impressions , not a test of long-term durability . I had a Nike Triax C5 which was $ 90 + and it did n't have 25 % of the features that this watch has . Two time zones , night mode , chrono , timer , recover , and review modes are all useful . The review for a workout includes time in zone , avg hr , peak hr , min hr , calories burned , and lap times . And there are several different display modes for each mode . I 'm extremely impressed with the ergonomics overall . The watch itself is not extremely comfortable right out of the box , but I think it will get better as it forms to my wrist , like most . The signal is strong and I have n't lost a connection or had interference issues . The watch seems like it blocks out other signals once it is connected . Overall , I would definitely recommend this watch for the price , I do n't know of a better value .
 I 've had this watch/HRM for about a month and like it quite a bit . It 's pretty easy to use -- I figured out most of the functions without having to curl up with the directions . You can set up your HR zones and turn on the alarm which then goes off if you go above or below the set range -- excellent for helping you keep in your zone.The monitor is accurate -LRB- within a beat or two of the treadmill or manual check -RRB- . The review function is great -- min/max HR and ave HR . With the calories burned I had a hard time -- it said that in a 1.5 hour workout of doing weight training -LRB- 1 hr -RRB- and interval sprints that I burned 1300 calories . It was a good workout , but I do n't think it was THAT good . Also , the transmitter is not compatible with most aerobic machines . Bad because you have to keep looking at your wrist to see your HR , good because you are less likely to get interference from other HRM -LRB- Polar -RRB- users.The description says unisex , but if your chest is much bigger than 42 '' the strap will be too small . It fits me well and the strap is comfortable . No issues with getting readings or wear & tear thus far . Overall , I am pleased with my purchase .
 I had one before ; it was stolen ... looked around and found this HR monitor Timex to the best deal that had the most function for the price .
 I wanted an HRM that did just one thing
 After accidentally breaking my 5-yr-old heavy and bulky Polar alimeter/heart rate monitor watch , I chose the Ironman as a replacement heart rate monitor.Features I like include
 This is my second time buying a Timex . Now is a gift ... but it is just perfect . Works well , light , good size . And this product just proved that the customer service from amazon.com is excellent.When I received the box the clock was missing . I contact Amazon and they sent me again imitiately.I was very pleased with my purchase and with my seller !
 Easy to use . Definetly helps me to make for a more efficient work out . It even counts calories burned !
 This is the first heart rate monitor that I have used . So I really have nothing to compare it to . But it works exceptionally well for my purposes . I am traing to run in 2 x 1/2 marathons and 1 marathon . Being able to monitor my fitness has helped me acheive outstanding results . If you are looking for easy use and lightweight this is the one.Have fun !
 This is the first heart rate monitor watch I have owned . So far , it has been great . I use it every time I workout . It is easy to read and easy to use while I am exercising .
 Excellent as a heart rate monitor , you do n't need to buy an expensive -LRB- polar -RRB- one for all modes that the IRONMAN HR has it
 Initial Review August 25 , 2005I am a distance runner.This watch has been very dependable and reliable in the 4 months of marathon training I have put it through . The watch itself is very readable and user friendly , training in the heart rate zones with the audible beep warnings lets you know exactly how you are performing . The chrono feature is what I am usually using and the review feature gives you the data that is most useful , how long you were in your target heart rate zone and how many calories you have expended during your run . The only criticism I have for the watch and heart rate monitor is that there is no interval time on the 30 lap watch . The chest strap is light weight and once it is adjusted properly feels barely there . I have cross trained with the product cycling and circuit training in the gym . It is a tough watch . It was a good buy.Review Update , August 8 , 2007The chest monitor seperated after my last run this week . There is a center , left and right piece that come as one unit and the elastic band . Since I first purchased this product it has served me without problem . Four times a week , running , biking , the gym , and even brought it skiing with me in Taos , NM , it has held up . But this past week , it 's age and durability have become evident . The watch has had its battery changed 3 times since I 've had it and it has outlasted the chest monitor . I sold my Polar HRM when I bought this Ironman . That product was the basic Polar HRM with HR only . After 3 yrs with the polar , the unit held up without the deterioration my Timex displayed . I have recently placed an order for a Polar RS100 .
 I had this Timex for about four years , during which I used it on all my runs . The functionality was awesome , and not only did having a heart rate monitor add a new dimension to my running and increase my motivation , but it also made me more cognizant of the need to monitor my peak heart rate.The chest strap unit worked perfectly throughout and there was never any noticeable wear and tear.However , the watch itself was a bit less satisfactory . The design was user-friendly and good-looking , but I had three problems :1 -RRB- there is a thin rubber surround on the display that worked itself off . This was a purely cosmetic problem , and while it made my watch less appealing to wear , it never affected its performance .2 -RRB- The buttons became hard to the point of becoming almost dysfunctional after the third year or so . However , they had been recently improving .3 -RRB- The strap , which is an integral part of the watch , became detached one day , so I can no longer wear my watch on my wrist . This is why I no longer use it.While it lasted , I used my Timex as a watch every day for four years , and as a Heart Rate Monitor for all my runs . The Time Zone feature helped me learn how to pace my runs and I increased my maximum distance from 5k to 12.5 k in this time . All in all , I was very satisfied , and heart-broken that the strap would break . I liked it so much I 'm thinking of buying another one , which is what brought me to Amazon in the first place today ...
 Replete with lots of data and enough bells and whistles to launch a space shuttle , it was a little intimidating at first getting it set up . Despite having read all 3 manuals several times , I was still a little confused on a couple of points . That 's when I called the people at Timex . They walked me through all of my questions and showed me how to make it do what I wanted . They were helpful , prompt and very efficient . Now I use it whenever I workout and find it to be an absolutely invaluable tool . It keeps track of my heartrate and elapsed time during the workout . At the end of the workout , it displays peak heart rate , average heart rate , time in zone -LRB- there are several user selectable zones -RRB- and total calories burned . Since I use different machines every time I workout , the machine read out varies much more widely . The Ironman allows me to keep much better track of my actual progress . The Ironman has been essential in my quest to loose weight . I 've been using it for 5 weeks and I 've lost 8.5 pounds . You 'll love using it once you get it set up and you 'll wonder what you ever did without it . Well , that 's all for now . Time to put another hour in on the eliptical ... Enjoy !!!
 I love this product thus far . Now , take into account that this is my first HRM and I have only used it for three weeks , about 15 workouts -LRB- running and road bicycle -RRB- . Having said that , I ca n't believe I have been training without one of these . On runs and rides , I no longer pay any attention to speed , I focus solely on heart rate.One of the reasons I did not buy a monitor earlier is that I heard the straps were a pain . I have been very pleased with the comfort of this strap . Does n't bother me at all , even on long runs . I can see how the fabric / elastic strap might not hold up over the long haul but I also ca n't really imagine what would hold up to 4 or 5 workouts per week over months and months.The watch has found the signal from the strap immediately every time I 've worn it . I just wet my chest and the strap a little and it works right away . As for watch functions , I rarely used the timing functions -LRB- lap , etc -RRB- on any Ironman I 've worn before this . On this watch , either because I took the time to learn them to use the heart rate function or because this watch is simpler , I 've used the lap , heart rate alarm , and especially review function extensively . One bonus that I really did n't think about -LRB- and I know all the HRMs have this -RRB- is the calorie count . I have no idea whether it 's accurate but it 's nice to get off the bike and know that you 've just burned off 1000 calories . The only drawback to the watch is that it is just a bit clunkier than other workout watches -LRB- I am assuming due to the HRM electronics -RRB- so I personally do n't plan to wear this watch casually .
 I have only had this heart rate monitor for 3 weeks but it has worked like a charm . This is my first heart rate monitor and I have been using it for running and spinning 4 times a week . When I first used the heart rate monitor , it was not receiving the heart rate signal . I said to myself , `` Oh no , what kind of piece of junk did I get ? '' . The manual for the watch suggested adding moisture to the chest transmitter contact . However , the manual for the chest transmitter did not indicate where the contact was , so I assumed that it was directly behind the case that contains the electronics . Adding moisture to the back of the case did not do anything . I finally realized that the contacts are on both sides of case along the strap . They are rubberized with ridges going along the strap . Adding water to both contacts did the trick . The signal is picked up within a second or two.Compared to the Polar monitors , the Timex ones , IMO , are more stylish , function packed and better value . Plus the battery is user replaceable.We will see how it does on the long haul .
 I am now on my 2nd one of these hr watches and I am so very pleased with them . I 've been running for 9 years and competing in triathlons for 3 . HR even worked under my wetsuit ! $ 50 was a steal and I 've turned on 2 friends to this watch . Very very happy . FWIW , I heard the new version of this watch has a black background which can be hard to read in low light conditions . Also , I think they 've had some quality issues as well . Good luck and hope you like it as much as I do.John
 I own 14 of the Timex Ironman Triathlon Digital Heart Rate Monitor Watch 5C401 's . I bought my first on the monumentally helpful recommedation of ` band aid . ' The wrist band is certainly `` open , breathable , and fast drying '' - and let me tell you
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 This is a great little kit for cleaning your long gun . I really like mine !
 This I believe is one of the best cleaning kits available the snap-n-pull system makes it a snap to change to different ends on the cleaning rod .
 This is a great mat for a tall or large person who wants to do some floor exercises . There is no feeling of falling off the mat ! The mat is thick enough to provide a good cushion , and it is made of a foam that you do n't mind lying on . I am quite pleased with it .
 and comfortable . If you are tired of the insufficient space your normal mat gives you , this is a worthwhile investment . It is much thicker and gives you almost twice as much width as a normal mat . You may want to invest in some kind of strap though to keep it rolled up when not in use .
 This mat is big enough for aerobics -LRB- where you step around alot -RRB- ; dense foam & not too thick so you do n't sink down too much , yet nice on the feet ; does n't move around hardly at all on the carpet -LRB- which I 'm saving wear-n-tear on by using an exercise mat in the first place -RRB- . Love it !
 Nice thick mat , seems to be holding up , my shoes do leave shallow tears in the surface , but I 'm not surprised , given how thick it is . Shipping was prompt , packaging appropriate . No complaints .
 Good product for the money . It 's not as thick as some folks would like , yet this mat is very functional . The mat is also large enough for someone like myself , at 6 ' 4 '' and 240lbs . Recommended , indeed.BaldySmith -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this mat to exercise on the concrete floor of the garage . This mat was the thickest I could find , and well as the biggest surface area . It would be nice if some kind of strap or something was included so that when you roll it up , it can be secured quickly . I also want to note that I 'm using this with shoes on , and have already noticed that it probably wo n't last a long because of that . But as long as I 'm preventing injury and impact by using this mat , I 'm okay with that .
 This mat is perfect for taller people , and at 5/8 inch thick it provides actual padding .
 As I get older getting down onto the floor and back up again is not as easy as before and I find I start in one place and end up quite far away before I finally get up ! Well this mat still protects my knees . It is so big that I do n't end up off of the mat . It also gives my knees very good protection.For exercising I do n't feel restricted by the edge of the mat as I do smaller ones and this makes my few floor exercises a pleasure to do . My son even uses this as a mattress to sleep on when his friends come over . Very pleased with this but , despite the price - worth it to me , for a necessity of keeping flexible and strong .
 Bought for my 4 year old nephew , and he loves it . No more broken plastic batting tees .
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I have this watch in white and it 's beautiful to look at and very comfortable to wear . Yes it has diamonds and it looks as good as similar ceramic brand name watches costing thousands more . My husband got this for me for Xmas when they dropped the price a couple of weeks ago -LRB- I was unhappy with the original price so was holding off -RRB- . It 's even more beautiful in black ceramic - I am very very pleased . Will be wearing it a lot this Xmas season and all year round . Thank you Santa Amazon !
 This is a good ball for mid-to-high handicappers , but the $ 40 asking price is much too high . They 're readily available in golf shops & sporting goods stores for around $ 20/dozen .
 I feel like i 'm hitting more fairways with this and getting a good bounce afterwards that i was n't seeing before . These are rated by golf digest as one of the top 3 balls of 2009 and I can see why ! Great set of balls that for the price you ca n't go wrong with !
 I was very pleased to find that I could purchase these discontinued golf balls through Amazon . They were in perfect condition and I will definitely order again as long as the supply lasts .
 I was sent the wrong ball . The provider could not fill the order , so I returned the balls.But I must say , I was impressed with the return procedure . The way Amazon credited my account right away . Having the return postage label in the box , made the process easy .
 This light was an exact match for the factory replacement . It is a nice product for inexpensive price . The delivery was fast and product was just like it was described . Would recommend this to all boaters
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'm sure this is a great product . A lot of healthy ingredients but I have a very picky cat and she would n't eat her food with this in it . I did n't want to give this product a lower rating as she is the pickiest cat I 've ever had . It is very hard to even find a food that she 'll eat .
 My 17 month morkie is licking this after I mix it with water and spread it in the palm of my hand . Sounds crazy , but this is one crazy pup . He loves to lick and I wo n't let him as it seems so gross , but I will let him lick the vitamin/min from my palm . He is real happy with this since he thinks he is getting away with something he generally is n't allowed to do !! He wo n't take it when sprinkled on food .
 I wanted a bowling bag the fit both my ball and my shoes in the same bag , and that 's just what I got ! It 's a perfect fit for my shoes . The handles are a little short , but they still work great ! It 's the only bag that I have seen on the market with the eagle and flag on it , and it 's an eye catcher . I get compliments all the time on it !
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . This hat is is very well made and is made from wool . As anyone knows , the wool hats are the most expensive , but I consider this hat a bargain compared to my local hat shops in the mall , etc that would charge $ 30 for a comparable hat . This is must-own for UT fans !
 With all the limitation the NFL has put out this year
 This is a very strange game . It 's fun but all in all it just is n't the best.The controls are okay and graphics are n't special . The players are just NFL players and there are no Street charaters like in Street NBA . The two things I really enjoyed were the Minigames - Crush the Carrier is the best - where you play random skills.The Respect the Street mode , or Career mode , was also fun . Overall this game was an ok experience . It 's nothing special but if you like games that have quick sports game this is the game for you.Scale 1.0 to 5.0 Graphics :3.0 Controls :2.0 Gameplay :4.0 Sound :1.0 -LRB- Grunting , screaming , and horrible music . -RRB- Overall
 Excelente producto , cumple totalmente con el requerimiento , escelente entrega , buen negocio , muy agradecido . Llego en buen estado y perfectas condiciones
 THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST XMAS GIFT I GAVE NO ONE IS COMPLAIN AND THE ACTION IS ALMOST LIKE BLITZ
 It 's NFL Street ... again . I guess since I have n't played NFL Street since way back when it first came out , I do n't really notice all the new stuff and differences , but it 's still a great game . I was looking for an alternate for Madden , a little more action a little less GM type stuff . This is about it . Make a team , play games , gain stats , and repeat . Good game .
 In Street 2 jumping off walls was an awkward gaming experience but playable . Street 1 was the best of the series because it was pure street football , no jumping and cartwheeling all over the place . Thats why the fun rating went down , Other than that it Crushes Madden . Hey EA maybe football is your forte . But leave the sim to ESPN 2K .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'm 6 ' 7 '' and I hunted for a long time to find just the right backpack for me which finally led me here . I 've always been a fan of Timbuk2 and when my old Jansport finally tore in a way that a simple stitch could no longer solve , I bought this gem . Unlike most backpacks , this thing does n't make me feel like I have the armpit equivalent of a wedgie . For a person of normal stature , it would seem a little large , but it is spot on perfect for me . This backpack is big , not huge - but certainly big . I can fit 2 Macbooks , one 12 '' G4 laptop , a 15 '' Macbook Pro , several books and two 1 liter beer bottles -LRB- I work at a brewery -RRB- in here all at the same time with room to spare . That said , the way this backpack is sewn together you can travel with the bare minimum in it and it does n't look saggy -LRB- like a tent without the poles -RRB- . Part of the thanks for this is the rigid backing of it . Growing up with softpacks , you 'll be familiar with the weird shifting and aching you get when you put an unusually shaped object in a backpack . Well , you can load this up with the most awkward of objects and it feels no different on your back.The pockets are really well laid out with subpockets that organize your stuff perfectly -LRB- iPod , compact cameras , pens , memory cards , keys , etc -RRB- . Inside the main compartment , closest to your back , you 'll find an elastic pocket to keep your laptop in . This compartment is perfect for two reasons
 I bought the underground because I needed a larger bag for school , but also need a laptop sleeve , plenty of room for markers , pens pencils , erasers , and my TI-83 . With all the little pockets and the large main pocket it has plenty of room for all my text books , note books and stationery . The only odd thing about it is the MP3 player pocket , which can also hold a small CD player , it has sealed flap so you can listen to your tunes in the rain , from what I guess , but because it 's a backpack you 'd have to take the pack off after each album , and since timbuk2 bags are marketed towards cyclists you would think they would try to discourage listen to music while on the road . But , nonetheless , it still receives a rating of five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars from me.After over a year the bag is still going strong , the only problem has been the carrying strap has started to fray at one seam . As Toasters said , laptops are n't really a problem so long as it is widescreen or small , My 15 '' macbook fits really well , my now dead 12 '' Ibook G4 fit well , my Dell Latitude D420 fits best even with power block , I ca n't even notice my ASUS EEE PC 1000 , the only problem was my Dell Inspiron 6000 , a 17 '' fullscreen monstrosity rented to me -LRB- read forced on me -RRB- by work , does not come close to fitting . Along with the above laptops on any given day I also carry four spiral note books -LRB- 3x class 1x work -RRB- a 1000 Page Calculus Textbook , a 500 page Engineering text book -LRB- Both hardcover -RRB- and a softcover 200 page chemistry textbook , as well as files for clients , a TI-89 , all writing and school utensils . All of that and I still have unused room , I just started keeping a portable HDD + extra-long usb cable , Ethernet cable , and an assortment of flash drives and SD cardsI hope this update did n't ramble too much , it 's just such a good bag for students , especially if you ride your bike around campus a lot .
 I really , really like this bag . It 's the usual sturdy , smart design that Timbuk2 seems to employ with every item . I recently switched from a shoulder bag that was causing some back pain . The backpack has alleviated that pain and I 'm really happy with the purchase . It can hold a ton , is very durable and most of all , comfortable . My only real complaints would lack of zippered compartments and silly top , outer pocket . It flaps , opens oddly and does n't really serve any purpose . Hard to explain , but it 's useless most of the time .
 This backpack is exactly what I wanted , albeit a little expensive . My wife has a Timbuk2 messenger bag , so when I needed a backpack , I checked out their stuff . Very smartly laid out , lots of pockets to keep things organized . It is hands-down the most comfortable backpack I have ever carried . It 's not small , but it sits so nicely on my shoulders that it feels like carrying something much less substantial . I bought it on Amazon because they had the same price as the Timbuk2 website , but I got free shipping .
 The ski hat I purchased was as described and exceeded expectations . It was a gift and it was well received . The product arrived promptly . Overall , transaction was very satisfactory .
 This was a gift for my niece who is a huge Saints fan living in Flagstaff , AZ ! The hat , and all the other Saints apparel I ordered her for Christmas - was a huge hit ! Thank you ! Nice quality , just as advertised .
 Comfortable and warm . Wearing this toboggan will keep you in style , while showing your Bears pride.The hat itself is just a little over 2 foot long . The only real problem , if it can be considered a problem , is that the hat is a little large in the head area . So if you suffer from a small noggin then you may not like this toboggan.Other than that small quirk , it is a great winter piece .
 My husband loves this hat . He works outside and will wear this one because it is the warmest .
 This is a very nice hat . My husband loves it and people are constanly asking where he got it . It seems to be well made and hand knitted .
 This hat is the best toboggan I 've ever owned . It is very warm and a great fit , I 'm going to get another one to have a spare !
 this hat goes everywhere with me . I 've been asked where I got it and why that team ... Lol . Love this hat .
 my boyfriends adores it . He wears it whenever it gets cold outside and the fit it perfect on him . It doesnt shed or anything
 love this toboggan . keeps me warm but definitely do not wear if you intend on taking it off . `` hat head '' is all i have to say . fits snug . better for sleeping or just staying at home .
 I gave this hat as a gift . And everyone else loved it besides the gift recipient who received it . -LRB- 15 year old male -RRB- It was a big hit ! I 'd recommend it !
 I loved this hat . i didnt care it was for guys i wore it wit pride ! it was carefully wrapped and in perfect condition . no tears or any seams out of place . i will be returning to buy a second one : - -RRB-
 This Christmas gift was a little extra that we included for a Chicago Bears fan . The price was right and he was pleasantly surprised !
 Bought this shirt as a present for my Father . HE LOVED IT !!! WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONS FOREVER ... THE REAL TITLETOWN ...
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 While I 'm fairly confident I can get a fire going and boil water on extended camping adventures , it 's a good idea to have a few water treatment options . Now , water purification has two stages to consider ... bacteria and chemicals . We use these chlorine tablets to treat the bacteria , then add the included ascorbic acid -LRB- vitamin c -RRB- to remove the taste of the chlorine ... and this water is very drinkable . We then sometimes elect to use a Berkey water filter to aid in removal of additional chemicals.Some people opt to use Iodine to treat the water ... but while this may work for short term use , it 's not recommended for longterm . Chlorine/bleach seems to be the preferred method ... and the included ascorbic acid tablets help in the taste.Follow the directions and decide on a `` water policy '' for your camp ... or survival strategy .
 I use these tablets primarily for fastpacking and trail running in the Smoky Mtns . When fastpacking , I use both the tablets , so that the water does not have any aftertaste and it works great ! When trail running , I just take the iodine tablets and not worry about the others . The iodine taste is noticable , but you get used to it after a while . I also have a filter that I take at times , but when it comes down to weight savings , I prefer these tablets . I 've never had any problems getting sick after using them to treat water in the Smoky Mtns .
 The item I got is not the two bottles as picturedBut 1 bottle instead . The package says it has the PA Plus added but I have not tested them yet for taste . Did find this cheaper at Walmart but I should have done better research
 Used these in Hawaii to purify swamp water in waimanu valley . Not only did it not make me sick , but it also tasted pretty good because of the additional pills that wipe out the iodine flavor . It 's cheap and works , what else is there to say ?
 Purchased as a part of our emergency kit . We did purchase a second kit and played around with it . The water seems to be okay and it did n't cause any GI distress afterward .
 You are n't really in the Great Outdoors until you have been gone so long you have to drink water that did n't come from your tap . I spent years of backpacking through the Cascades and the Olympics just looking for fast running water and betting that a dead animal carcass had n't fallen in just upstream . But in the last several years , I have decided to play it a bit safer . But I want a simple , inexpensive water insurance policy.Friends always want to show me their water filtering devices or their UV steri-pen or other mechanism for insuring clean water . I am always impressed -LRB- since they paid for it , they carry it , and they are happy to let me use it -RRB- . But when I do the calculus , I just ca n't make it work . Chlorine ? Yeah , but who has four hours to wait when thirsty ? Filtering ? Who wants to take several minutes to pull their water through the tube ? Steri-pen ? My knees will give out years before I ever get a return on that investment.After all , I only am out overnight a handful of times each year . And so I turn to the inexpensive , time-honored tradition of iodine in water . A bad taste ? Sure . And of course , some people are allergic , and this is n't an option . But I will never break my iodine tablets . My iodine tablets wo n't get clogged and require cleaning on the trail . And I can buy twenty or more packages of these for the price of some other options.And as to cryptosporidium , well , that truly IS rare . And I will just keep on betting on fast running water .
 I recently went hiking in Wisconsin along the Ice Age Trail and brought along these tablets to treat the local water . I did n't get sick after drinking a liter of reddish brown water -LRB- tannin in the water -RRB- from a slow moving stream so the product works perfectly in that regard . My only complaint , and reason for only giving 4 stars , is the second step tablet meant to neutralize the taste of the primary tablets did n't exactly work . There was a noticeable and fairly unpleasant bitter taste to the water but it was not worse than dehydration or contracting a parasite . After using this product I have decided to purchase a mechanical filter for my next outing and I will keep these around in my B.O.B. or perhaps as a backup in case my filter fails.I have read about people using single serving water flavoring mixes to mask the taste of the chemicals but I did n't try that . I did try using a tea bag but that did n't help at all . I would recommend you treat some water at home and try what you please so you can decide if you can bare it . In a desperate situation , these will save your life and are worth every gram and every penny .
 I learned of this product through my hiking class in April . I got this one instead of just iodine to test if I could tolerate the taste . I tested twice with normal tap water . After 30 minutes , it was not too strong and tolerable iodine taste and smell , but some people hate this iodine taste without the neutralizing tablet . Well , this made the about 98 % of iodine taste to go away , but my plastic container retained some iodine smell . What people do , I heard , was to tolerate and drink or add drink mix . What I did was to add Lipton English tea bag -LRB- that cheap one -RRB- right after iodine treatment . Then , whoa ! Iodine smell and taste disappeared almost all the way . It 's really hard to tell that I put iodine previously . The neutralizing treatment tablet contained ascorbic acid or Vitamin C , so perhaps the antioxidant in tea neutralized iodine . If you do n't mind drinking tea , then , I recommend to buy just iodine tablet -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- and tea bags . However , these two bottles take up less space , and I recommend them too since they are cheaper than other water treatments in the market . In addition , filter takes up more space and money . Boiling water for just drinking 1L of water means more fuel usage and waiting time for the water to cool . Boiling water is good for making more water than drinking water . However , filter seems to be better where water is more contaminated . It 's probably better to buy a bottled water than filter in those places in my opinion .
 This is a great alternative to boiling water on long trips . . Especially in new england where the water is not dirty .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY DDP KIT AND I HAVE A WATER PURIFIER SO I CAN DROP A TAB IN MY WATER AND DRINK IT WITH NO WORRIES
 some adivice check academy sports and outdoors its a whole lot cheaper i bought 2 for 10 bucks -LRB- usd -RRB- and just the tavlets were on sale for 2.50 -LRB- usd -RRB-
 Product arrived as listed and sealed in original packaging . I have not used the items since these are being utilized in an emergency bag but they are well within the recommended usage date .
 Product delivered in new condition and early . It is exactly as expected and though I wo n't be testing the product until needed , I expect it will be as I 've researched . Going in the BOB bags .
 Using this product will give you peace of mind when it comes to the safety of your clean drinking water .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . This hat is is very well made and is made from wool . As anyone knows , the wool hats are the most expensive , but I consider this hat a bargain compared to my local hat shops in the mall , etc that would charge $ 30 for a comparable hat . This is must-own for UT fans !
 I love circle hooks . They 're not very common in the smaller freshwater sizes , hence ordering from Amazon , but they work great . Especially when you need to catch and release , these hooks tend to set in the mouth the majority of the time so it 's very easy to get out and the fish is still good to go.They 're a little bit different to use , you have to train yourself to letting the fish hook itself . At first that was very difficult for me . I would get a bite and set the hook and the fish would be gone . But after chillin ' out a little bit , and letting the fish bite , then turn and try to leave with it 's &#34; meal &#34; , it hooks right in the corner of the mouth and then you make sure it 's taut and start the fight !! Because of this they 're great hooks for drinking beer !! As far as Gamakatsu brand , love them !!! They 're the only hooks I use anymore , extremely shart and durable !!
 These are really good hooks . Lightweight , and very sharp . I tend to let other people use my bait holders , while I rig my lines with these .
 Gamakatsu Hooks are the best quality on the market and these did not disappoint.Shipped fast from Amazon as usual.If you are not using Gamakatsu hooks you are missing out on the best .
 Its a fishing hook how many words do I need to write for fishing hooks.here is this what you want ? The hook is wonderful , the material is top quality with just the right amount of sheen reflecting off the metal to give just the right amount of aviance . The eylet is clearly precision bent into a perfect round smooth cirle . while the shaft gently curves into the correct bends and shapes to cleary make hooking a fish an effortless task and the barb is masterfully designed to keep even the fistiest fish streaching your line tight . These hooks are unsurpassed in quality and performance and should provide a great deal of pleasure fish after fish .
 Seems like its pretty sturdy . Its the perfect size for my 18ft boat . Should last for many years if cared for .
 Just what I needed - boat is n't that big so not much storage so these little guys worked out just right - came quickly and holding up well
 This guitar pedal is a very fine piece of work ! I couldnt be more satisfied with something like this , its a great pedal for anybody who likes metal ROCK ON DUDES !!
 SUPER TONE MONSTER !!!!!!! This is the `` version 2 '' of the original Death Metal Distortion . I own both of them.MONSTER TONE AND ADJUSTABILITY !!! You can dial-in MANY distortion voicing from this single pedal ! From SUPER CRUNCH all the way down to light tube saturation ! Low background noise and ULTRA LOW price make this pedal you BIGGEST BANG FOR THE BUCK ! ALL HAIL to Digitech for this pedal !!
 Yes , this is the pedal that gives me the sound I want . I play through a Peavy 5150 and this pedal destroys all in it 's way . First time I plugged it in through my setup , I played Slayer 's ` Skeletons of Society ' . The tone knocked me out . For those who want that thick molten metal sound for thrash , this stompbox is for you.The price is very reasonable for the sound you get . Also , instead of plastic , the pedal is MADE of metal . Do n't worry about dropping or stomping on this thing too hard . It can take all the abuse you can give it . With this pedal I take charge and all the attention is on me . This thing is just blistering . If you want to take a step up and have a killer tone , this pedal rules all .
 1st this pedal is pure high gain.if your looking for soft molding dist get metal master.i tune 31/2 Steps down this box handles it with ease .2 nd there is a buzz if u dont use adapter .3 rd it does sound good 4 bass but gives a lot of highend.just adjust it down.its built like a tank.only buy if u want brutal punishing high gain chrunchy greatness !
 This pedal is good if your amp does n't offer much distortion . For me , I my Crate Gfx 15 offers alot more punch than this pedal . Only reason I rated it a 4 is because all of the knobs go to 11 .
 I used to have a few distortion pedals and THIS one I always came back to . Im glad it 's still around . I had it back in ' 94
 This pedal is extremely heavy , is actually fairly versatile , and can even make a squier sound excellent and hot.I mean if there was a pedal that was considered to be `` ultimate '' , this would be the one .
 The pedal arrived very quickly and in excellent condition . It was my 1yr anniversary gift for my bf , so I was glad that the pedal was delivered before our actual anniversary date
 I have the original DOD Death Metal and the original DOD Grunge Pedals -LRB- amongst a plethora of others -RRB- . The O.G. Death Metal had more clarity . Digitech 's version is a little too `` hot '' and causes more unwanted feedback . I love feedback but it is much more difficult to control with this version . If you can find an old DOD , get that but this one is still a good pedal . For those who say the Grunge is better , it 's a matter of opinion and style . The Grunge has quite the nasty tone but the Death Metal is a `` tighter '' sound . The Grunge was made to be noisier because it was intended for grunge !! The Death Metal needed to be more precise for more staccato picking that metal has . For those complaining about not having an old fuzz type tone , you can get this but why would you ? IT 'S A DEATH METAL PEDAL . They make other pedals that are better for fuzz and vice versa .
 its good for metal sound . i also have the rp255 i use as my mane pedal . feed the smaller pedeas into in the rp255 . hers a like to see what it sound like . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Being my first distortion pedal , I can not give a huge comparison to other products , but nevermind that , this pedal kicks butt !! I just started learning to play guitar and the distortion channel on the amp I used to practice a few Metallica and Slayer songs was not cutting it tone-wise . This pedal does the trick , giving you a sound that can rock your house . I just loved turning the low and high frequency knobs to max and getting some amazing feedback that adds a crushing blow to the riffs . Highly recommended for a metal fan !!
 Ok I have been playing guitar for about 5 years . Electric Guitar for almost 2 . I kinda got bored of not having a loud heavy distortion . Using any amp you can get heavy distortion by turning up the preamp high and the postamp down , but then the sound is barely audible . So when I got this I immeadiatly fell in love with it . The sound at first gave me too much feed back . So what you have to do is you have put your amp on clean . If you want to use your amp distortion for the entire song and then this pedal for the solo then you have to be playing from the moment you turn the distortion on til the moment you turn it off or else it screechs . The sugested settings -LRB- death scoop , smooth , knifes edge , and rectified -RRB- are good for getting used to the pedal , but after awhile you need to find your own settings . I love this pedal . I compared it to such pedals as the Metal Zone and The Boss Death Metal -LRB- digitech bought out Boss so they are the same , just the digitech has more crunch -RRB- and the Digitech Grunge.My set up is a Washburn Dime 332 with light gauge strings and the factory pick-ups . My amp is a Peavey Rage 158 . It 's a 10 watt , but with this pedal it sounds like a 30 . It 's amazing . All those reviews you read that said you ca n't get softer sounds are wrong . You just need to use the volume setting on your guitar . If you turn it down low , you can get a blues tone out of it.Now this thing is built like a rock , I have a good size dent in my floor now from when I dropped it , but the thing still sings . It is a mini tank . Even though you get good battery life I would suggest you still get the AC adaptor.This pedal is perfect for any metal head ! Do n't waste you time on the other pedals . This one is the best you can get , and it 's cheap too!Review : - Makes small amps sound huge , and huge amps sound ... well just sound bigger.-Can get soft sounds out of it-Less expensive yet still as good-Built like a tank ! - Gives you sounds of all good Metal Bands -LRB- Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Slayer , Metallica ... etc. -RRB- - Excellent beginner/intermediate/advanced pedal .
 I got this pedal a couple of years ago for my birthday , and , for the most part , I 've been happy with it when I play it with guitars.First off , you ca n't really produce much of what I would consider authentic `` Death Metal Distortion '' , the distortion is kind of heavy , but is not much heavier than some of the stuff you can get from a normal distortion pedal.When I first got this pedal , it had an enormous amount of feedback , so much in fact that I had to turn the volume and master knobs on my amp to around 1 or 2 . Thankfully , with time , the feedback was died out a bit . The sounds you can produce are decent , not great , but are good enough for $ 50 . I 'm not much of a guitarist -LRB- even though I fool around with it -RRB- , I 'm a quite experienced bass player , and I must say this pedal sounds terrible with basses . When you play notes in succession , its hard to hear whether you are playing a chord or whether you are playing separate notes as they all mesh together . Most notes are too low -LRB- especially when you play 6 string like I do -RRB- to decipher and end up sounding like garbage . I do not recommend for a bass player.Overall , its an okay pedal , kind of muddy though , good if you ca n't dish out for more expensive pedals , but it will do .
 I 've owned a Digitech Death metal pedal for about 2 years now , and I love it . It provides a great uber-distortion sound , with a fair range of tone modification . The only negative that I 'd point out is that the level of distortion is n't adjustable on the pedal . I 'm sure more experienced guitarists deal with this by tweaking the volume knob on the guitar . Fair enough.As for the pedal being `` muddy ? '' Ummm ... the distortion on this thing has like 500x gain . You push a gnat fart through this , and it will sound distorted and muddy . Period . That 's what happens when you jack up a signal , and clip it - adding all those harmonics and overtones muddy the sound . Try playing with the tone knobs -LRB- duh ! -RRB- to clean up the sound . Or better yet , get better pickups for your guitar . This pedal wo n't make stock pickups sound like their active , though it 'll certainally run with the ball a pretty good length in this regard . One of the guitars I have I 've adjusted the stock humbuckers so that they 're closer to the strings , and I get all sorts of metal nonsense from them when running through this pedal . Active pickups with this thing would sound absolutely insane.Also , feedback ? Well , again , that 's what you 're going to get when you jack up the signal 500x -LRB- double duh ! -RRB- . The solution to this ? Try switching your style to something a little more accomodating to feedback-less performance like a Air Supply cover band , or a Hall and Oates tribute band . I can get feedback from a mild overdrive pedal if I have a 50w amp jacked to 10 , nevermind having this thing in the chain . So yeah , you 're going to get feedback . Deal with it by not standing directly in front of the amp and thrashing about playing power chords.Finally , I have to agree that you can dial in a heavier distortion sound from a Digitech Grunge . The downside with the Grunge is that you have far less flexibility with the tone settings than with this pedal - the devil here is in the details . Inbound and outbound tone filtering on a distortion is at least 50 % of your tone and sound , so having a distortion with three tone knobs , as opposed to two , provides far more flexibility to the average guitarist . The only other way you 're going to get a better tone is having a full-on EQ , which I do n't see many people offering these days . There are few pedals , like the Boss , that have a four-knob EQ , but frankly I think the distortion on these suck . They 're not heavy enough , not sensitive enough , and just sound all-around anemic . I use the Digitech Death Metal all the time , and love it .
 This pedal is definitely worth its price . I am going to keep this short ... This was the first pedal i ever bought . High output so its fun to play with . You can get alot of different sounds out of it . HEAVY . Im not sure this pedal should be classified as `` Death Metal '' but i liked it . I 'm a HARDCORE MetallicA fan , -LRB- think what you want -RRB- and i was able to get a good thrashy sound with this out of my marshall . I have a Jackson Dinky and a Dean ML . the tone with the jackson is OK but the stock pickups on the ML are very high output so i can get a good high treble tone with it . I 'm getting bill lawrences and dimetimes on the ML so that should be fun.The only downsides i can think of are it uses alot of battery so you have to replace it alot -LRB- MAKE SURE YOU UNPLUG THE CABLES AFTER USING IT -RRB- and i do n't like the digitech pedal system . Its my opinion but i like the MXRs better . You can just stomp on it when your playing.I would recomend this pickup to someone whos not extremely experienced and hasnt used alot of distortion pedals before . Also if you just dont like the distortion on your amp . They 're cheap so its a great upgrade for only 50 buck . I was retarded and didnt try it out first but luckily i liked it . They 're only 50 bucks and there worth it . If your more experienced i would recomend shopping around more . This isnt a `` specific tone '' pedal if you know what i mean . I hope I was helpful .
 Pedal is at a great price for the sound it provides ! I would recommend this pedal to anyone looking for more distortion and the able to change your lows/mids/highs . Really great for heavy metal and death metal of course : D
 The death metal pedal works well with some amplifiers but can sound terrible with other amps . My biggest qualm with this pedal is that it does not have a gain knob to adjust the intensity of distortion . The distortion can be overbearing since it always has that death metal sound to it . I would recommend that you make sure it sounds good with your amp before purchasing .
 well i couldnt waite till i got this pedal . my boss gt-10 burnt out so i was very angry about that . but i needed a distortion pedal to hold me over till i purchase a big muti effects floor unit processor . so i got this digitech death metal . well maybee im doing something wrond but im not sure . it has lots of screaching noise and poping . i have an esp kirk hammet sig series guitar with two emg 81 active pickups . i started with not useing the 9volt battery in my guitar and i used the clean channel on my amp . it did not sound good at all . the distortion was so week and crapy . so now i used the 9volt battery in the guitar ans still the clean channel . but the distortion was not so good at all . then i turnd the distortion on in my amp and there was so much noise and poping sounds and i couldnt even hear the sound of my chords at all . i like the levels on the pedal and the dark look of the pedal the shaping knobs are cool , so that is were the 4 stars come from . maybee you people out there know any setting for me or some way i can fix this problem . i dont want to return the pedal cause i want to mess around with it . so to give you out there some more info on my rigg so that maybee you can help me out with fine tunning this pedal . i have a behringer 100watt head , behringer 2000watt power amp and 4 siesmic 412 cabinets . the volumes are not on high at all , not even close cause i litteraly bow out my window . just to let you know . the behringer 100watt amp head has tube modeling circitry and i can tell you that the sounds on this amp is so good i was in love with this amp , and it is very cheap in price . the distortion on this amp with my guitar hooked up with the 9volt battery is the best deep and dark full sustain distotion ever . now i was actualy thinking since the behringer effects on the amp sound so good im stuck between choosing to buy behringer effects pedals or the vox tonlab 300.00 model . what do you people think would be the better choice ? im not saying digitech sucks but maybee its my inexperience that is limiting me ? i did email digitech for some help . as you can see i sent them a long email to give them as much info on my rig so it would be easer to help me with this problem and all i got was change the battery . but i told them in the email that i sent them that i have a digitech 9volt adapter . well the pedal does come with a battery and is well protected and packaged real good . i wish this pedal sounded as good as it looked : -LRB-
 This shirt fits well and is really comfortable . The lettering with Glock spelled out is just a bonus . Wear it all the time
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 EXCELLENT WATCH . WELL WORTH THE MONEY . EASY TO WEAR , TAKE ON AND OFF QUICKLY WITHOUT HAVING TO FASTEN STRAPS.AS ITS MADE OF PLASTIC DOES N'T CAUSE DERMATITUS -LRB- SKIN ALLERGIES -RRB- THIS IS THE 5TH ONE OF THESE I HAVE BOUGHT -LRB- I HAVE AN ORANGE AND GREEN ONE AND NOW THIS BLUE ONE -RRB- I LOVE THEM AND I WOULD N'T BUY ANY OTHER TYPE OF WATCH AGAIN . WELL PACKAGED AND SPEEDY DELIVERY AS USUAL .
 This watch is medium in size and fits my medium size wrist perfectly ; however , the instructions on how to set it suck !
 I bought one of these at the local kmart a few years ago , i 've had other tree stand locks that do n't come even close to this lock , i been searching every where to buy more of these , i am compelled to say this is by far the best of the best , i 've had cable locks and you guessed it my stand was stolen , if any one knows where i can buy these please , please send me an email , i 'd like to buy between 50 and 100 , i need 10 for myself and the others i 'd put up for sale no dought my hunting buddies would snatch them right up , i ca n't believe such a great item is n't availiable now
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 Nice gear bag for the money , a little bigger than it needs to be for justfins , mask , and snorkle , but that way you can throw a towel in with your gear .
 It is what it is . The quality is great . My dog looks like a cubs fan now . He 's not really a fan of wearing it , he just kind of cowers around the house when he has it on . But hey ! He 's in a dogs cubs jersey !! It 's also awkward and difficult to take off . It 's easy to put on because his paws slide into the front arms but his paws dont exactly bend out of it as easily . If you have a medium sized dog get a large or x-large - take measurements . I have what I consider a medium/small dog -LRB- 55lb -RRB- and the large fit perfect , if not a bit snug . Anyway , pretty cool jersey , although I feel a bit pathetic for buying my dog clothes .
 I bought this for a friend . I liked the classic look without the ostentatious exhibition as with some of the newer styles . This is truly a man 's hat.It also happens to be very high in quality . It does n't look cheap and it fit very nicely . A good value at twice the price.P.S.My buddy loves it .
 I love circle hooks . They 're not very common in the smaller freshwater sizes , hence ordering from Amazon , but they work great . Especially when you need to catch and release , these hooks tend to set in the mouth the majority of the time so it 's very easy to get out and the fish is still good to go.They 're a little bit different to use , you have to train yourself to letting the fish hook itself . At first that was very difficult for me . I would get a bite and set the hook and the fish would be gone . But after chillin ' out a little bit , and letting the fish bite , then turn and try to leave with it 's &#34; meal &#34; , it hooks right in the corner of the mouth and then you make sure it 's taut and start the fight !! Because of this they 're great hooks for drinking beer !! As far as Gamakatsu brand , love them !!! They 're the only hooks I use anymore , extremely shart and durable !!
 These are really good hooks . Lightweight , and very sharp . I tend to let other people use my bait holders , while I rig my lines with these .
 Gamakatsu Hooks are the best quality on the market and these did not disappoint.Shipped fast from Amazon as usual.If you are not using Gamakatsu hooks you are missing out on the best .
 Its a fishing hook how many words do I need to write for fishing hooks.here is this what you want ? The hook is wonderful , the material is top quality with just the right amount of sheen reflecting off the metal to give just the right amount of aviance . The eylet is clearly precision bent into a perfect round smooth cirle . while the shaft gently curves into the correct bends and shapes to cleary make hooking a fish an effortless task and the barb is masterfully designed to keep even the fistiest fish streaching your line tight . These hooks are unsurpassed in quality and performance and should provide a great deal of pleasure fish after fish .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I bought this table for my husband for Father 's Day and he absolutely loved it . He 's a die hard GSW fan . He keeps it in his man room and uses it as a coffee table for his tv remotes , drinks etc. . Great buy !
 Seems like its pretty sturdy . Its the perfect size for my 18ft boat . Should last for many years if cared for .
 Just what I needed - boat is n't that big so not much storage so these little guys worked out just right - came quickly and holding up well
 I 've been looking for a high quality belt to wear at work . This is it ! The materials are of the best quality and the workmanship is beyond compare.I have n't seen such a fine quality leather product for many years .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I bought this watch a few weeks ago because I lost my other one . I was very impressed with the quality of the product . It 's comfortable , waterproof and the display is crystal clear .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I bought this driver -LRB- Stiff , 13 degrees of loft -RRB- on the recommendation of a golf instructor . For a taller , more athletic build , a stiff shaft is better , and that 13 degree loft helps me get the ball in the air . I added 30-40 yards to my drives , and when I catch one solid , I can now get 270 + yards from the club.The club itself is very light compared to my old driver . The graphite shaft and hollow head of the club make the Sumo extra light . I can really get some club speed going with it.It makes a pretty noticeable noise when you hit the ball , almost like and aluminum bat . You 'll catch some stares from other people at a driving range the sound is so pronounced.All in all , this is a great club , and I find I 'm hitting more fairways not just adding distance to my drives . It seems pretty forgiving off the tee.For the price , you ca n't go wrong . They sell these for 2-3x as much at pro shops .
 This was my old driver and man did the ball come off this club . I loved the sound it made when I would swing full power , with a stiff shaft it was ideal for my fast swing . Just switched to the Callaway RAZR X but i 'm still holding on to this one even though my friends all want me to give it to them , it was so good to me just ca n't fully part with it .
 I love this club . Big sweet spot . Forgiving . And man do I kill it when I swing hard . Love it !
 This was 1/2 the price of the ladies driver . I have no problem hitting it off the tee . Gained 25 yards and average 200 yards .
 Love the watch , -LRB- this is my third , lost the first one -RRB- This is my everyday watch . It has all the features you need -LRB- Time , Date , Stop Watch , Backlight , Durable and Stylish .
 I bought this -LRB- in two colors -RRB- to replace my old one , that broke after 2 years of constant use . Very comfortable , and an easy to read display .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I love these watches . I have a very small wrist and the size small fits perfectly.It doesnt slip on your wrist at all , its completely water proof so I dont have to worry about taking it on and off . Keeps perfect time .
 Hi , I like this product , Thank 's for your attention and excellent efficiency , 100 % recommendedAtt . Manuel MarquezVenezuela
 My boyfriend says that these are his favorite shorts . Nice and roomy with some breathing room .
 I was thinking it of using it for my tennis . Unfortunately there was no clue saying it dint have pockets . Anyways its a good shorts for great price .
 If you go to the gym or play ball a lot and need a couple pair of shorts so you do n't need to do laundry every other day , these athletic shorts are perfect . They 're thin but durable . I got them on sale for like $ 10 so they do the trick . Do n't get me wrong its not like you 'll look like a dork at the gym , but if you 're looking for something super flashy , then these are n't them .
 Nice shorts that match almost everything . My boyfriend loves to wear them around the house . Great pair of shorts for an extremely great price ! So buy a couple pairs just to have around !
 no pockets , but yann will wear them all summer.yeehaw .
 My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter . They are perfect , washing easily , and retaining their size and color .
 I like the shorts . The price is excellent . The shorts were a little thinner than I imagined . But I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I have the scrimmage dazzle too they re thin but durable and for 10.00 cool ! no pockets ok for me , lightweight shortsexcellent and Roomy my favorites great price buying of couple more
 Seems like its pretty sturdy . Its the perfect size for my 18ft boat . Should last for many years if cared for .
 Just what I needed - boat is n't that big so not much storage so these little guys worked out just right - came quickly and holding up well
 Seems like its pretty sturdy . Its the perfect size for my 18ft boat . Should last for many years if cared for .
 Just what I needed - boat is n't that big so not much storage so these little guys worked out just right - came quickly and holding up well
 This is my go to sling now because it stays on your shoulder , gives just a little as a cushion effect when you are walking and so it is very comfortable . Fine leather slings may look classic and cool , I have some , but when hunting , this sling is the way to go . I have used these slings all over the world from high mountains to low deserts and I believe them to be the best I have used.Strong , sticks to your shoulder and looks good.If you are a hunter you will not be disappointed .
 There 's not much to say about a sling that does it 's job well , the cheap ones slip off your shoulders , as to the expensive top grain leather ones . This is plain and simply a sling that works , it absorbs the bumps from the trail , and the rubberized texturing on the bottom keeps it secure on just about every fabric . For the price you pay you get something that does it 's job perfectly , wo n't fail in the field , and is made in Germany instead of China like others in it 's price range . If you want to stand out at the sporting clays club , get something else , if you want something that you can take on any hunt anywhere , get this .
 this product totally is amazin . i highly recommend this product to all athletes . i would give it a 10 out of 10 . it is totally worth the low price !!!
 A great necklace , but these are overpriced . I wear it all the time & never take it off . Great color choices !
 All the little boys are wearing these and I wanted my grandson to have one . . ordered this at good price and he was pleased with it . . will be ordering him more of different colors !
 Thanks , this product was just what I was looking for . My daughter really liked it
 necklace purchased for a 10 year old . he loves it . and he paid for it , he loved the price .
 I wear the necklace regularly , but mostly for it 's looks . I have not really felt the physical effects that the glossy material claims , however , I did n't really expect anything dramatic , and it was not the reason why I bought it . Overall I am pleased , and would recommend it to anyone that is n't looking for it to relieve stress or make their life make more sense !
 Love this ! I just wish I would have measured before I bought because it is a bit big ! Would highly recommend this to anyone who is active and needs some reflief from the day to day aches and pains .
 I 've got to say that I just love my Phiten neckace . I 've suffered from mild scoliosis since I can remember , so sitting for long periods of time always gave me a bit of lower back pain . I have n't had such pain since I started to use this product . I wear it everyday , not only for sports .
 I was skeptical at first but after wearing this since Christmas , I 've noticed my neck and shoulder area is noticeably looser and I 've been getting some colossal cracks in my neck . I work my upper body area in the gym and at home with various chest and shoulder exercises and I 've found this helps take some of the post workout stiffness away . Would recommend to a friend .
 Purchased this for my son . He loves it as it it the fad among his peers . The order arrived quickly from the seller .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son . He had asked for one and after comparing several in the price range I wanted to spend , I decided on this . It looks good and he says it works for him . I would recommend this as a trial piece to decide if it works for you before purchasing one that is more expensive .
 This is another product I bought along with a power balance bracelet in preparation for the honolulu marathon . A coworker of mine swears by this so I decided to try it out for one as soon as you put it on a slight heat surrounds your neck and you can feel something working . In general I feel better when I have it on so if it works for me it might work for you . Good luck
 While watching the baseball playoffs this fall , I could n't help but notice the necklaces the majority of players were wearing . Looked them up and here it is . Although this specific one was n't the one I wanted , it works for now . Not only does it make me more powerful and nearly invincible , it also allows me to be pain free!In all seriousness , these necklaces are kind of cool , save for the original nagging from the girlfriend about it looking dumb . They 're marketed to help reduce pain in the neck and shoulder area , which is fine if you believe in non-traditional medicine . Since I work in the medical field , I do n't buy into this marketing gimmick.Now , if these necklaces combined the amazing therapeutic effects of titanium , copper AND magnets , HOLY CRAP , WATCH OUT.Cool looking necklace , but if you 're buying it for anything other than the look , you 're not too smart .
 My son loves this necklace . He has asked for more Phi-tens for Christmas . Good quality and does n't fade .
 I like this product , wearing it for 5 years and I truly believe it functions well .
 He has n't taken it off since he got it . He is 11 and it is a fad at his school . They have these in one of the sporting goods stores here but they are $ 30 and up - and I could n't see paying that much for a necklace for a kid . So we ordered this one instead . It is durable , the colors are nice and bright , and my son seems very happy with it .
 I ' v had this necklace for over a month now . I have had constant knee pain for 2 years . This product actually works . My knee pain is almost non existent . I also have a bad back . It has lessened that pain some what , but not totally . I would highly recommend this product .
 PHITEN AQUA-TITANIUM NECKLACE bought one on a whim and it really works.no more neck pains in the a.m. and it looks pretty cool.just got ta remember to take it off before the shower it does n't dry too quick !!
 Well ... actually it looks really cool . . so cool that my friends are asking me to buy some more of this product for them.Regarding the effect on me , I could tell that it really works . I 'm a baseball player and I have n't felt any particular pain in my body since I started wearing it !!!
 I but this just for what was said about it , and I have to admit , because a lot of MLB players use it , I figured , if they use it then it has to work , since I bought it and started wearing it I have not taken it off and my head , shoulders and neck feel great .
 This necklace was for my two boys that play baseball . They really like the style and they even said it gave them energy . If it helps them in the mental aspect of their game then it the right product . I like the looks and the feel . It is soft and attractive looking . The boys wear it all the time .
 I ordered an Orange Phiten necklace for my kid . He loves these things , and it arrived right on time . The quality is just what was expected . The kid wears it every day .
 Recieved fast free shipping on Phiten necklace . Excellent price ! This company provided a great product with no issues .
 I do n't know why I did n't get one of these earlier . I was sure if it would really work , but after trying it there is no way I will ever play a sport without wearing this !
 This was a good item for the price ... i cant really say that it is a miracle worker but it does feel pretty solid and good . if you end up not liking the way it works than its still a cool necklace to have for the price .
 I buy them for my parents . They look good , and my parents like them . Hope they will work as they said .
 It was very good quality . The clasp is kind of hard to open . Get the smaller size for kids . Size 22 was way too big . It hangs down more than I wanted .
 Little neice requested this for CHristmas . She loves it . Little pricey but I guess this is the new trend for the young folks .
 I purchased this for my husband . I found one in my town for 10.00 more , exact same product so this one is a steal ! He liked it and has had no complaints , although the 18 '' seems to be a bit smaller than that , maybe due to the thickness of the weave around the titanium wire . Good buy .
 I 've done a little research on this type of product ; the reports show mixed results . The necklace might be a placebo , but it keeps me aware and , therefore , works for me !
 I purchased this necklace in hopes that some of my daily aches and pains would lessen ; I am still a skeptic by heart , and hoping that all my aforementioned A&P ; 's would completely be eradicated by the wearing of this necklace seems , well , silly.It is comfortable to wear -LRB- although I do wish I had chose the next size longer for appearance sake . -RRB- and not at all heavy.All in all , I would recommend buying this piece to anyone who wants to give it a chance . If I am able to do cartwheels in a few months , I 'll report back to let you know .
 I absolutely love the Phiten Star Necklace . It 's comfortable , practical , stylish , and everything listed in the product description . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 I love this it works too . I can feel it getting rid of my cramps and during practice I feel I have more energy and I am able to run harder . It really helps the joints too .
 It is comfortable and stylish but that is not why I bought it . I have neck problems and was looking for relief from low grade pain that often shows up . It seems to help although it is hard to tell with these things . Nothing scientific but I truly think it reduces and sometimes eliminates the mild pain I have had intermittently for a long time . There may even be a slight energy boost but that is minimal for me .
 I have had two back surgeries and am usually in constant pain but once I put this on and kept it on for more than a week it really helped out my lower back pain . Do n't get me wrong , this is not a miracle necklace in any way but it did greatly reduce the pain for a while . Once I had to take it off to go back to work -LRB- military -RRB- , I noticed the back pain came back quickly . It made me fill a bit more energetic during the day and is easy to conceal under a t-shirt if you do n't want people to ask a lot of questions -LRB- I would suggest 22 '' or larger -RRB- . Great product ... I plan on buying the wrist bracelet next .
 I do n't know how this thing works or if it 's psychological or just plain coincidence , but my joints feel 100 % better since I started wearing this necklace . I had a sore shoulder and sore knees , and since I started wearing this they feel great . If you have joint pain it 's well worth plunking down $ 20 to try one of these necklaces !
 So , my ankle has suffered for about 10 years or so . I have worn a goofy flat shoe that does n't flex before . I got the necklace and double wrapped around my ankle . It started to feel strange -LRB- kinda warm -RRB- at first . My first thought was `` oh great my brain thinks it is doing something '' . After a while of not thinking or noticing it , i could walk upstairs without my ankle hurting . I am a sceptic , so i took it off for a few days . My ankle hurt again while walking upstairs . This is NOT a cure . When the weather changes like rain/cold , still hurts a bit . I got the cheapest one possible , but i am going to try the better one . While it does help , do NOT expect a miracle . It can help to reduce pain if double wrapped around wrist or ankle , but not a cure by any stretch . I like the product , but will have to get one of the braided ones to see more .
 Was very pleased to find what my daughter wanted on Amazon again ! She got this for a Christmas gift . It was perfect ! Thanks Amazon !
 very happy with this necklace . i bought this for my daughter who wanted one cause they were the latest craze among all her jr high friends . got this one because it was the best price i could find . extremely satisfied .
 Yes this is the latest trend for Baseball Players -LRB- young and old -RRB- ... and my son had to have one ! He wanted the Navy one ... and absolutely loves it ! Great quality ... and after over a month of wearing it every day ... still looks brand new !
 I have had this necklace for over a month now , and I have been using it constantly . I am in chronic pain some of witch is in my face and neck . And I have been using very strong magnets to help . But I find this product to be extremely effective at reducing and many times eliminating the pain . It does better than the magnets ; and it even helps me sleep better than I have in years.I can not say enough about this product , because it really works . I just bought the wristbands to help with the pain in my hands and arms . Also one for my wife she finds it helps with her headaches.I learned about this from watching professional baseball , and seeing that most of the players are using it to help with relaxing and their pain . Now I see why they are all using it .
 If you sit before computer for more than 8 hours a day & you have lack of excercise then this product is for you.This tech is invented in Japan & this product is made in Japan , So you can trust its quality .
 I bought this item , because I always see Boston Red Sox players wear them and thought they looked cool . It is cool , and it does relieve some minor aches and pains that I have/had . I recommend getting one for yourself , if you want to be cool like me .
 I bought this as a gift for a niece . She told me that she liked it a lot and so did her friends .
 Aside from the `` coolness '' factor for my teenage baseball player son , I 'm not sure what else there is to say about the article . He is certainly thrilled with it . His tournament team were all wearing them at Sunday 's tournament and they won the championship !
 Was pleased with the timely receipt of the necklace and it came in excellent shape .
 You probably saw some baseball players wearing this necklace and are curious . Does it work as advertised ? Nah . It looks cool and I enjoy wearing it , but it does nothing for pain or tension or stiffness , etc. . I know it 's very popular in baseball -LRB- I myself work for MLB -RRB- but at the same time , baseball players are very superstitious , and considering these come in various colors and can be braided , it 's not surprising to see them everywhere . I do like mine a lot , though . I 'd recommend tossing it in with your clothes to be washed once in a while , especially if you workout or sweat , or even if you shower with it on -- it really does need to be cleaned thoroughly to remove that built-up sweaty smell . Cheaper here on Amazon than in sporting good stores .
 Great product at an awsome price . Can not buy them local for that . Kids love them .
 this is a GREAT product . i am on my feet 8 to 12 hours a day . im a chef , before i used this my lower and upper back and shoulders killed me . now i dont even feel them . when i take the necklace off when go to bed i dont sleep wiht stuff around my neck . my back starts screaming . i have had one before and gave it to my boss because he had wicked bad back . i also play golf and i dropped 3 shots because i had more flexiblity and my back wasnt hurting at all when i finished all 36 holes .
 I do n't know if it really works or not but recently my husband had to help my neighbor 's moving and he ` felt ' he recovered faster after that and ` feels ' good every morning with it . Feels good = endolphine , right?I should 've gotten one size smaller though . If you are not that huge muscle built around your neck 16 '' for a guy whould 've been just fine .
 I 'm an active 49 year old female who was having chronic hip and knee pain , especially when sleeping . Last month Amazon had great special on the PHITEN stuff so I gave it a try . I 'm a believer . No more hip and knee pain . I wear the necklace 24/7 except in shower and have purchased the titanium discs and stick them on any spots that feel sore after a strenuous day . The products are amazing . What have you got to lose with Amazon 's excellent return policy .
 it has deffenitly worked for me . i have loved it and i would recomend it . altho i bought it a little big it still has worked just fine .
 The product was exactly as we expected and was shipped in a timely manner . No complaints .
 Exactly what i expected and saw online and in the store . No healing abilities but it was no surprise . I like it and i think it is ok for its price .
 I wear it mostly at night , or if I will be very active -LRB- skiing , etc. -RRB- . Seems to work for me !
 I know it 's only a necklace but my husband is so hard to buy gifts for and he 's a major Red Sox fan , so this was a great gift . I guess many baseball players wear these -LRB- the superstitious ones -RRB- to enhance their game . The necklace is suppose to have titanium in it , thus producing `` majical powers '' . What ever the case my husband was surprised I noticed the players wearing them and has worn his every day since recieving it . Now that I think of it , he has improved in certain areas :-RRB- . In summary , this is a great inexpensive gift .
 Purchased this as gift for my daughter . It looks great and she loves it . I ca n't say much more about it .
 I had bought this for my fiance for a gift and he still wears it . He loves it . I would buy him another if he wanted one .
 This was the best buy I could find on a Phiten as Christmas time . I believe I paid around $ 7 plus about $ 5 shipping . Shipping is a bit high for such a lighrweight item but the necklace itself seems durable and my 13 son wears it every day .
 This neckalce came quickly and in it 's original packaging , just as I was looking for . My daughter loves it ! Thanks !
 Nice necklace , looks great and fits very nice ; it has a very good quality.I dont know if this helps at all with pain but it 's still a great product.Very fast delivery.Highly recommended .
 This is what my brother wanted for Christmas . He was very exctied to receive it !
 Ordered this necklace for my son . He loves it ! Got it just a few days after ordering it ! Great experience !
 I bought this because I was very sick with no hope in sight , until someone recommended the Phiten Star Necklace . I put it on and instantly felt better . No more treatments for me ! I threw all my meds out the window and got a ticket for littering but I no longer needed them is what I am trying to say.Not only that I was running faster , jumping higher , and could levitate . I have never had these abilities before but thanks to the Phiten Star Necklace I was like a super-human . Nevermind that this is just another new-age trend with tweens , and these do as much as you holding a marble in the fly of your underwear . These did so much it was amazing , and I promise it is n't just all in my head or your heads collectively . My friend saw what happened with me and wanted to one-up me , like always . So he read these have titanium in them and so he knew his Nike driver was made out of titanium too , so then he took it out of his golf bag and cut it off the shaft and wore it around his neck too . It was too much titanium and they do n't expect him to make it through the end of the year.If you want to feel better and you KNOW it wo n't all be in your head , then you have to get this Phiten Star Necklace , it works -LRB- non -RRB- miracles !
 Just as advertised and still in the original package half the price of the local sport shop ! Shipped quickly ! What a bargain !
 Unless you are a little guy I recommend the 22 '' version of this . It is n't a choker and as far as it working ... I really ca n't say .
 I ordered this over night so it came fast . I love it . It fits perfect , seems to be good quality . I hope it helps with my aches , if not at least it looks good .
 The necklace was received in good condition , and appeared to be new . I gave it to my friend as a gift , and she was terribly excited .
 very happy with product and seller , item arrived when promised and in excellent condition ... been wearing necklace for over a week now and seem to help.all in all , i would recommend this product and seller
 My son gave it as a requested present . It worked out great . We have already gone back and purchased another for my youngest son as well , just a different color .
 I bought this titanium necklace just to try one more alternative treatment for my joint pains and was really pleasantly surprised . It seems to be actually helping . I take tons of supplements and use magnets as well as the Q-ray ring/bracelet but this is the first item that seemed to immediately help decrease the pain in my joints . I 'll have to see how it fairs as time goes by but if constantly wearing a rather ugly necklace is the price to pay , so be it . I ca n't say it 'll help everyone who tries it but it definitely seems to be relieving my joint pains . Yehhhhh ... something that REALLY works !!
 I had back pain for about a year . After seeing these necklaces being worn by a ton of Major League Baseball players I decided to give one of these a try . Next thing I knew , my back pain was gone . Coincidence ? Maybe . But , when I forget to put it back on after a shower I sometimes feel pain again . These are very light weight and comfortable . Highly recommended .
 I am a chronic sufferer of back and neck pain . An accident several years ago left me with a fractured vertebrae and more pain than I know how to deal with . I watch a lot of baseball on TV and saw a lot of players wearing this and decided to give it a try . This product -LRB- along with a weekly workout regimen -RRB- has helped me deal with and exceed my own standards of pain tolerance . I do n't know whether it 's a mind-over-matter type of experience , but at this point , I do n't really care . If you deal with aches and pains similar to these , I would definitely give this a try .
 I 've had gout for over 12 years and I constantly get flare ups on my right ankle . At times when my flare up was not as severe , i often would have minor ankle swells lasting all day . With a number of supplements taken such as black cherry fruit extract pills , glucosamine , NSAID 's , and even acupuncture , i constanly had a slight swollen ankle that bothered me each day , especially in the evenings . Since watching the baseball players use it , I began reviewing the benefits of using this bracelet and heard from the BB players that it was helping them ease pain . I immediately thought of buying one for my dad since he always complained about his neck and how much it bothered him . Mind you that he is a welder who constantly shifts his welding hood downward with the use of his neck . . figured that was the main reason why his neck hurt all the time . I bought this necklace and gave it to him and told him that the bracelet should help reduce is neck pain . Very kindly , my father acknowledged my statement as he placed it on his neck . Surprisingly , my dad called me two days later and said ... `` son , i could n't wait to call you to tell you that the my neck pain is gone !! , and you are right ! this thing helped my neck pain ! '' I was very glad to hear that ... now here is my story . I got in Amazon and purchased one for me with the crazy idea of placing it on my ankle where my swelling occurs . My ankle measured 11 inches in diamater so i purchased the 22 inch phiten black bracelet . The day of arrival I opened the package and tied it on my ankle . . perfect fit once double looped . Folks or readers . . my swelling has gown down and my ankle pain went away !!!! Really ... I ca n't believe that this bracelet served its purpose . Unbelievable ! Now i can get up in the morning and not feel any pain in my foot . My evenings are much better than they every have been . i feel more energized throughout the day and feel great at night.I still take my cherry fruit extract pills , B complex , and Glucosomine supplements to help eliminate my uric acid in my body . i also take a teaspoon of baking soda to help neutralize the acid in the blood -LRB- kidney specialist referral -RRB- . for those of you who have any joint pain , i suggest you try this bracelet and place it on the trouble areas . Of course it 's impossible to find one long enough to fit around your waist , for those who have waist problems , but having one on your ankle , neck , and wrist will certainly help balance those energies overall.this is my story and felt it is worth sharingto those who are thinking whether or not this product works . I would gladly here anyone 's testimonials about this bracelet . It truly works !!!
 We wear these necklaces daily to aid with the wear & tear of daily work -- They help tremendously to ease any soreness and/or pain -- Highly recommend this product !!!
 This Product really works , it helped relieve pain i have had for months and this is the only thing that has kept the pain away . Awesome product , i totally recommend this product to anyone with pain that doesnt go away with meds .
 I 've been wearing it for 3 weeks now . I have sciatic due to a herniated disc . I was hoping this will relieve pain . I guess it 's not that powerful to wear it on the neck to get rid of the pain in my low back . I also got the bracelet which really works for my wrist , elbo and shoulder . Well , it 's probably the combination of the necklace and bracelet that make them feel pretty much pain free . They are painful because I am a Programmer and work on the computer all day.I would say this product works . I may be buying the waist belt that is not sold here .
 Got this for my husband , and he just loves it ! Wears it every day . Helps prevent him from getting his headaches ...
 Both my husband and I use these to relieve our neck & shoulders of the pain from herniated discs . We wear them daily , and they do take the edge off . We have been using them for over two years now .
 I 'm a drummer who does a lot of session work and driving around to gigs who deals with chronic back and neck pain . I 've been through chiro treatment and use all sorts of inversion tables , back rests , and braces to help deal with the pain of muscle stress and tension in my back and neck . Sometimes this pain spreads to my ribs and other areas so my pain simply comes from tense muscles , no disc compressions or anything like that . After buying this at a local sport shop and putting it on , I got into my car and slouched down into my seat -LRB- something I do n't usually do because of the pain in my lower back -RRB- and drove to where I needed to be , not even realizing that my pain had went away . After wearing this necklace for a few days , I have stopped taking muscles relaxers at night , and I noticed while waking up I do n't feel any tension . Usually waking up in the morning I feel the most tension but have n't had a problem for the past week . This morning while getting ready for work I was having some pain in my left ankle , and it was popping . I never have ankle pain and it never pops -LRB- must have tweaked it -RRB- . Therefore , I took my necklace off and wrapped it around my ankle . 5 minutes later the pain was gone . I 'm not sure how this product works , although I 'm a firm believer in the bodies natural healing process . If this IS indeed placebo effect working , then what is the big issue ? People should understand that placebo effect is a natural and very important process that can occur in our body . Western medicine spends time trying to get medication to work apart from the placebo effect , which is dangerous and a waste of time . I feel this product really does work and suggest it to anyone who wants to help themselves overcome pain with their body 's natural healing process . Stop listening to other people 's criticism and see if this product works for you . Your mind plays a bigger role in the success of this product than you think . That is all ...
 Our grandson wanted a Phiten necklace for his 12th birthday ... this was a last-minute purchase but it arrived even quicker than expected so it was here in time for his birthday . Sometimes it is hard to impress a tween ... this gift was warmly received and is worn every day . Now a younger grandchild is putting this item on her Christmas wish list .
 I thought that was bunk and I laughed when my husband bought , especially since I 'm the one that has had chronic back and neck pain for the last 3 years - 2 of the years of consistent chiropractic work at least 3 times a week . We recently moved and things improved drastically with only the occasional neck pain , I 'm assuming from less stress , then this morning I woke up with a killer headache and could barely move my head from the stiffness and pain in my neck . I took my husbands necklace and laid in bed , after dozing off for an hour I woke up and things were 90 % better . I then cracked my neck and we were at 98 % I took the necklace off long enough to take a shower and by the time I got out my neck was locking up again so I put it on for the remainder of the day until my husband got home . I 'm ordering mine asap , it was enough to convince me - although I * hate * the look , clashes with all my clothing except my running stuff . Based on another persons review , I am eager to try it on my ankle , I too have a bad ankle from a severe sprain a few years ago - I bet this will help for sure ! This product rocks .
 I 'm not sure if I bought this for my 13 year old son or 19 year old nephew . However , it does n't matter because both of them love their necklaces .
 I bought it for my boyfriend and sent it as a gift.He loved it , and still wears it to this day.It 's comfortable and fits with the outfits he wears . = -RRB-
 I bought these for my grandchildren . All the kids at their school has one or would like to get one . They are very nice and I would recommend this to all your children or grandchildren . My grandchildren only takes there 's off to take a bath . They were at a Christmas get together and the kids there wanted to know how they could get one and my daughter-in-law called to find out so they could order some for their children.I think Amazon is great as I only have to wait a couple of days and I have my product I ordered , plus Amazon products you do not have shipping charges.Kay J. , North Carolina
 I retired my ancient and boring compact bicycle -LRB- also Kettler -RRB- in favour of a Cross Trainer after if became my favourite machine at the gym . I am not a fitness fanatic but enjoy a 30-45 min daily workout and in winter , this is as good as it gets . When it comes to home machines , it pays to purchase the best model you can afford . This Trainer mimics the movements of cycling -LRB- upright -RRB- walking and stepping in one ... and it goes backwards too ! The handles provide a decent upper body workout as well . It behaves like a professional machine , very smooth , quiet and sturdy . Foot plates are adjustable and resistance levels can be changed while you exercise . The training computer display is simple to use , easy to read and informative , it even tells you the temperature ! I like the bottle holder in front , very handy . Accessories recommended
 First , I did extensive research for the right elliptical for less than $ 1,300 . The Kettler Vito XL so far lives up to all of the positive comments I 'd found on it . It 's an excellent elliptical machine that 's exceeded my expectations so far . My wife and I have each used the machine about once a day since we purchased it 3 weeks ago , and we are extremely pleased with its performance . The machine is so quiet , yet quite sturdy -LRB- no wobbling !! -RRB- and provides very useful cardio feedback and info on energy burned , mph , rpms ... even room temperature ! Relatively small footprint , too , since we live in a one-bedroom apartment , and not too shabby to look at , either . The stride is 16 '' , but for us that 's more than fine , since I 'm 5 ' 8 '' tall and my wife is 5 ' 3 '' tall . The movement feels very natural , much like cross-country skiing . The upper body workout is great , too , and provides excellent stretching of the upper limbs . I had a bit of a problem with ` frozen shoulder ' , but since using the Kettler elliptical , I have almost no shoulder pain , which is a very pleasant added surprise to what is turning out to be a very wise purchase .
 This is a pretty simple unit , it 's an elliptical with a pretty nice read out of anything you need to know . It 's not an entertaining read out , per se , but it does rotate all the prime stats into a larger font . The batteries for the display last years and years ! Simple mechanical tensioner , plenty of range . Ours it years old , I have used it probably 5 days a week when it 's too cold to bike in Minneapolis . The belt just started to shred now but it looks simple to replace.Good unit .
 I really liked the length . Made wrapping WAY easier ! The velcro on both sides is handy , so you do n't have to un-wrap if it gets turned around . I do suggest washing first . There was a smell from production the first use .
 Is there such a thing as hot shot split shot?Not sure . But , it does rhyme ... And , this product is very good at doing what split shot is supposed to do - sink your nymph into the strike zone to bag that elusive trout.The shot is football shaped . This helps orient it on the tippet for quick attaching . There 's a dimple to locate the prong of your forceps to open the shot for easy removal . And the dispenser reliably measures it out one by one.BB size -LRB- a full range of others is available -RRB- is the one I use the most.I recommend it .
 Was recommended as a good adult beginner 's unicycle due to its small wheel size , lower price , and high durability . I was up and riding it about 8-10 hours after I got it . I 've since used it around town and off road . I did manage to strip the peddle threads out of one of the crank arms -LRB- a $ 15 fix a a local bike shop -RRB- in the first 3 days , but have had no problems since . I 've found it to be very durable otherwise in the last 4 months I 've been riding and have taken it off small drops and off road.Note for beginners
 Ive done 5 foot drops , pedal drops , occasional Muni riding with my friends and this uni has never let me down . ZThe rim is still as true as the first day i bought it and the seat though a little worn -LRB- just the plastic bumpers -RRB- is quite comfortable.only suggestion is u may want to get some new pedals , the ones that come with it are adequate , but that is the only real lacking feature.Have fun all
 I bought this unicycle last summer specifically to learn on . For the price , this uni just ca n't be beat . I 've put this uni through absurd amounts of abuse -LRB- I 've had it almost nine months now -RRB- , and the only damage is completely superficial damage to the seat protectors . I 've gone from unable to ride to about a level 3 unicyclist on this uni , and ca n't recommend this model enough . So long as you 're not looking to do any trials/muni type tricks , this unicycle is wonderful . I consider it the perfect entry level unicycle , and now recommend it to all my friends looking to pick up the skill .
 this is a nice unicycle but it is huge I am almost 5 feet tall and it is way to big so unless you are 6 feet tall or taller it is not very good .
 This product is well built , made for the abuse most beginners can dish out . The seat seems to rub the inner thighs a bit but other than that I love it .
 Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins . As to the problems with sizing/blisters , if you 're on the border sizewise go up a size and use a pair of men 's dress socks -LRB- those thin black socks -RRB- on your feet before you put on the fins . The socks protect your feet from blisters !!! Other than that , they are GREAT fins .
 i bought for a kid - did n't realize the age recommendation until it arrived - add that to the listing on the website - was really too old for the targetted recipient -LRB- although dad seemed pleased -RRB- . too bad different battery types are needed to make it work.cute though
 I tore my Achilles tendon and my orthopedic recommended these fins for therapy . Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins .
 Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins . As to the problems with sizing/blisters , if you 're on the border sizewise go up a size and use a pair of men 's dress socks -LRB- those thin black socks -RRB- on your feet before you put on the fins . The socks protect your feet from blisters !!! Other than that , they are GREAT fins .
 i bought for a kid - did n't realize the age recommendation until it arrived - add that to the listing on the website - was really too old for the targetted recipient -LRB- although dad seemed pleased -RRB- . too bad different battery types are needed to make it work.cute though
 I tore my Achilles tendon and my orthopedic recommended these fins for therapy . Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins . As to the problems with sizing/blisters , if you 're on the border sizewise go up a size and use a pair of men 's dress socks -LRB- those thin black socks -RRB- on your feet before you put on the fins . The socks protect your feet from blisters !!! Other than that , they are GREAT fins .
 i bought for a kid - did n't realize the age recommendation until it arrived - add that to the listing on the website - was really too old for the targetted recipient -LRB- although dad seemed pleased -RRB- . too bad different battery types are needed to make it work.cute though
 I tore my Achilles tendon and my orthopedic recommended these fins for therapy . Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins .
 Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins . As to the problems with sizing/blisters , if you 're on the border sizewise go up a size and use a pair of men 's dress socks -LRB- those thin black socks -RRB- on your feet before you put on the fins . The socks protect your feet from blisters !!! Other than that , they are GREAT fins .
 i bought for a kid - did n't realize the age recommendation until it arrived - add that to the listing on the website - was really too old for the targetted recipient -LRB- although dad seemed pleased -RRB- . too bad different battery types are needed to make it work.cute though
 I tore my Achilles tendon and my orthopedic recommended these fins for therapy . Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 Just an updated version of the old-school Ironman . Tough and dependable . Good watch for work .
 This gift for my grandson is a simple old fashioned wooden single bulb lamp . The colors are bold and the quality is good . Mine came with the shade damaged , but the seller could not provide a replacement only a refund . Too bad!Amazon did send an email stating they would provide a refund on the item .
 the lamp looks very authentic its a must have for a padres room . my two year old son loves it . he loves baseball and asked for a padres room .
 I purchased this little lamp for my grandson who plays for a team called the Yankees and it was a delightful addition to his room . It matches his wallpaper , bedspread , etc all Yankees stuff . It 's sturdy enough for it 's purpose which is a decorative piece that happens to give light .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins . As to the problems with sizing/blisters , if you 're on the border sizewise go up a size and use a pair of men 's dress socks -LRB- those thin black socks -RRB- on your feet before you put on the fins . The socks protect your feet from blisters !!! Other than that , they are GREAT fins .
 i bought for a kid - did n't realize the age recommendation until it arrived - add that to the listing on the website - was really too old for the targetted recipient -LRB- although dad seemed pleased -RRB- . too bad different battery types are needed to make it work.cute though
 I tore my Achilles tendon and my orthopedic recommended these fins for therapy . Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins .
 I purchased this as an accessory for my 10 yr niece , Rayna , who was `` Jeannie '' for Halloween . The bottle was adorable and so was Jeannie . Great buy/Happy Jeannie
 Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins . As to the problems with sizing/blisters , if you 're on the border sizewise go up a size and use a pair of men 's dress socks -LRB- those thin black socks -RRB- on your feet before you put on the fins . The socks protect your feet from blisters !!! Other than that , they are GREAT fins .
 i bought for a kid - did n't realize the age recommendation until it arrived - add that to the listing on the website - was really too old for the targetted recipient -LRB- although dad seemed pleased -RRB- . too bad different battery types are needed to make it work.cute though
 I tore my Achilles tendon and my orthopedic recommended these fins for therapy . Zoomers are great fins , but you need to use the blue ones if you 've never used fins before . The short blade length supposedly `` targets '' your thighs better than long-bladed fins .
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 Not having the benefit of trying on the frames , I was of course reluctant to order these from footlocker . But for only $ 10 plus shipping , I figured I could n't go wrong too bad.I was worried that the lens would be too big making me look like a bug or that the shiny aluminum frame color would be too `` bright '' for my taste . Well I got them and the lens fit my face pretty well - pretty much the right size . For those of you who where caps , I wear a 71/8 cap size . Plus the color is n't too bright ... the shiny gray is still dark enough . Not black so you stand out a little bit , which I prefer.Polycarbonate lens for $ 10 is a good deal .
 Do n't get me wrong I really like these glasses and they give you great sun protection and a cool look at a very reasonable price . The problem I have with the design , and I am sure I would not be alone , is the curved lens cause your eye lashes to get caught up sometimes . Not a major problem I grant you but uncomfortable and irritating nonetheless .
 I had a gift certificate for my birthday and wanted a Red Sox jacket but was n't sure from the pictures if it was worth the money or not , so took a chance . This is a nice jacket.Description that you ca n't tell to well from any pictures : The jacket wears/fits/cut just like my high school varsity jacket with the elastic bands on sleeves and with the same kind of elastic banding along the waist.The jacket has 2 layers of fabric , the outer coat is an interesting textured rip-stop nylon type material similiar to some medium weight rain jackets . The fabric is similiar to a lightweight goretex jacket with a weave texture on it . There is a band of non-textured fabric that run under the sleeves too -LRB- along the dark blue line in the picture . -RRB- The inner layer around the body , creating a vest inside , is a red medium weight fleece , fleece much like a lightweight sweater . The sleeves have your typical smooth nylon lining on the insides . It has two pockets in front that are also lined with this smooth nylon lining , hands slide in confortably just like a varsity jacket.The collar/neckband has the `` ripstop '' on the outside and is lined with similiar material that makes up the elastic bands on the sleeves and waste . -LRB- It 's the typical banding material you find on a lot of jackets . -RRB- The jacket has decent weight to it . Not a true winter coat , and not a coat you might wear in summer because of the fleece . It 's a light jacket that would keep you reasonably warm on a chilly summer night or on a spring/fall day -LRB- 40-60 degree weather I 'd guess . -RRB- For sizing , it 's pretty true to size . I ordered a Large and it does n't seem too big or small , but just as expected.There 's a little white triange logo that says Majestic on the right upper sleeve.Lettering
 Not having the benefit of trying on the frames , I was of course reluctant to order these from footlocker . But for only $ 10 plus shipping , I figured I could n't go wrong too bad.I was worried that the lens would be too big making me look like a bug or that the shiny aluminum frame color would be too `` bright '' for my taste . Well I got them and the lens fit my face pretty well - pretty much the right size . For those of you who where caps , I wear a 71/8 cap size . Plus the color is n't too bright ... the shiny gray is still dark enough . Not black so you stand out a little bit , which I prefer.Polycarbonate lens for $ 10 is a good deal .
 Do n't get me wrong I really like these glasses and they give you great sun protection and a cool look at a very reasonable price . The problem I have with the design , and I am sure I would not be alone , is the curved lens cause your eye lashes to get caught up sometimes . Not a major problem I grant you but uncomfortable and irritating nonetheless .
 Ok this stuff is a no brainer . Its a must for propane adaptor users . Im sure it would even work to lube your gun . But this stuff is supposidly pure so none of that junk to ruin your gun . Its only 1oz and that doesnt seem like much but it will last quite some time . 2 drops for every 8 mag fills . The only problem which is that when it was shipped airsplat threw it into a box with paper and it leaked everywhere . They called me and helped me to sort it out .
 Not having the benefit of trying on the frames , I was of course reluctant to order these from footlocker . But for only $ 10 plus shipping , I figured I could n't go wrong too bad.I was worried that the lens would be too big making me look like a bug or that the shiny aluminum frame color would be too `` bright '' for my taste . Well I got them and the lens fit my face pretty well - pretty much the right size . For those of you who where caps , I wear a 71/8 cap size . Plus the color is n't too bright ... the shiny gray is still dark enough . Not black so you stand out a little bit , which I prefer.Polycarbonate lens for $ 10 is a good deal .
 Do n't get me wrong I really like these glasses and they give you great sun protection and a cool look at a very reasonable price . The problem I have with the design , and I am sure I would not be alone , is the curved lens cause your eye lashes to get caught up sometimes . Not a major problem I grant you but uncomfortable and irritating nonetheless .
 Not having the benefit of trying on the frames , I was of course reluctant to order these from footlocker . But for only $ 10 plus shipping , I figured I could n't go wrong too bad.I was worried that the lens would be too big making me look like a bug or that the shiny aluminum frame color would be too `` bright '' for my taste . Well I got them and the lens fit my face pretty well - pretty much the right size . For those of you who where caps , I wear a 71/8 cap size . Plus the color is n't too bright ... the shiny gray is still dark enough . Not black so you stand out a little bit , which I prefer.Polycarbonate lens for $ 10 is a good deal .
 Do n't get me wrong I really like these glasses and they give you great sun protection and a cool look at a very reasonable price . The problem I have with the design , and I am sure I would not be alone , is the curved lens cause your eye lashes to get caught up sometimes . Not a major problem I grant you but uncomfortable and irritating nonetheless .
 I bought this for my husband . He really liked it . The only thing I had n't thought of was that I should have had the band sized . It was way too big at first but fits now .
 Had to get used to the diminutive size , but otherwise the quality of the merchandise is exceptional , the embroidery superb . Rugged zippers with tough rubberized pulls , a `` wet tube '' for the yuckie stuff , a spacious side compartment with pouches for toiletries , etc. , are some notable features .
 First of all , the other reviewers are , for the most part , not active airsoft enthusiasts.This is an M249 SAW , not some M4 that you do recon with and certainly not some low grade spring gun for a backyard skirmish . The purpose of the SAW is to lay down cover fire , not give you 700fps out of the box.I 've played with other players who own one of these , and it is a very good gun . It 's a real beast on the field but obviously not for the beginner . I 've been shot by it and if you think that `` 350fps is nothing '' then you have another thing coming . And to those complaining about the price , do some research first . It 's $ 900 for a reason .
 ok people its a classic army so you have to expect qualitly from the price . it is also full metal . meaning more money . CA makes great guns i have a M15A3rifle and it is amazing . my friend has had this gun for about a year and has not had to change any gears or the motor or spring . it is also very upgradeable because once again it is a CA . This is not my first choice -LRB- money -RRB- but it is still very nice . if you want a good affordable CA gun go to SHortyusa.com and u can get a nice CA fun for about 300-400 .
 Alright , this gun is awesome . No doubt about that . And to all you people writing `` Kid 's Reviews '' ; $ 900 is n't actually that much money . It ca n't buy a `` perfect computer . '' A regular person 's paycheck could survive losing $ 20 a week -LRB- just do n't buy soda & junk ; food -RRB- . In a year , hooray , huge gun . 350 fps is quite powerful , and any more power than that would slow down the rof too much to provide suppressive fire . You are supposed to be trying to keep people down with this , not snipe . Sure , you can buy 2 real AKs for that price , but you 're supposed to have airsoft wars with this , not hold up banks . Airsoft should be fun , not lethal!Thank you . Sheesh .
 After reading various reviews , I decided I would post a review with the truth . Before you read and believe other reviews , take into acount that they all say `` A kid 's review . '' Those words right there tell you that these reviewers are under 13 , and do not/can not have a real job . Minimum Wage is around $ 5 an hour . This means it will take about 185 hours of work to obtain the money to buy this product . This means if you work 6 hours a day , 5 days a week , in about 6 weeks to earn enough to buy this gun . Most people who are going to buy this gun get paid more than minimum wage . No , you can not buy a real AK47 or a real MP5 for this much money . You can however buy a hunting shotgun . The FPS is low , but people think FPS is everything . Also , do n't say things like you can buy 2 VSR snipers for that price ! If you were interested in a sniper , you would be looking at snipers , not this ! It is n't comparable !
 this is a good gun and needed for any airsoft war but it is slightly over priced i bought a clone for under $ 300 on airsplat which is slightly better because it comes upgraded and it comes with the 2400 round electric box mag
 NOTE
 im in the army and also a SAW gunner , this is almost a complete reproduction of the real thing except cheaper and dosent shoot the kind of calaiber that i do , i have owned one for a while now and has never let me down , if you have an extra thousand dollars buy it
 Amazon over priced this gun a little too much , but its a good gun , my friend just got his last monday , and he challenged me to a match to break it in this last weekend . I could bearly get my head up to return fire ... way to many bbs coming at me . . in the end he ran up , and wasted what ever he had left on me ... so yeah , this is a good gun , you could probably get it cheaper somewhere else . but if you want buy it here , you wo n't regret it too much.P.S .
 that other kid id right if u play in a team depending on the size u need one . myself i have been playing for about 5 years . my team has 3 of the things and let me tell u if u are trying to get up the feild u want some on who can put the knid of fire power down so u need a saw . I have a SAW like this and it is great durable becasue of medal -LRB- more money -RRB- i have had plastic do n't get them they break . I also have a full meadl m16 with M203 . with ups and extras about $ 600 . treats me nice . hope this helps
 Just because of it 's size , that does n't mean it 's worth $ 925If it were 450FPS then it 'd be worth it , but 350 is never worth more than about $ 300 ~ 400Still a good weapon if you 've got the money to spend
 how much ammo does the mag hold . it better b like 2000 for the price . and does it come with gas ? no biggey
 It cost $ 900 dollars so the heck what I am not complaining about you stupid $ 55,000 H2 or H3 that is a gas guzzleing wast of natural resources . It is a gun for player that enjoy goin out and gettin excersize not loafing at the local bar or couch all day and living vicariously through some sports star . It is our money do n't tell us how to spend it .
 i 've seen this gun used and its awesome , but you can get a legitimate , real ak in africa for $ 30 american . think about that ...
 Wow this is cool . Yes it 's $ 900 but how much would the real one cost you ? $ 6000 to $ 9000 . ! Yeah so if you want some serious heavy metal that you can shoot in your backyard -LRB- big back yards only -RRB- Then this is the an a good deal . if you have this or any SoftAir hardward write me back ... -LSB- ... -RSB- Here is what i have and recommend ... KWC - Sig P226 - nice pistol in the $ 25 range . . good value ... has 250fps and rips through pop cans with .25 g bb 's . Very solid gun.I also have the KWC Berreta M92fs aka M9 Pistol . . It is very nice . It rips through pop cans if you use .25 or .20 bbs . Itshoots at 309fps . Dont use it for softAir wars unless the guys you are shooting far away . It hurts ! This picture is notthe KWC version but search for it because it 's only $ 29 and lots better than the other berrettas out there . - - So far my collection consists of : KWC - Berretta M92fs . . aka US Amry M9 . Very nice spring pistol for $ 29 . KWC did and excellent job with this . It rips throughpop cans with .25 g bbs at 309FPS . It 's solid and powerful . This is it.Classic Army -LRB- CA -RRB- - M15 Tactical Carbine . - This is an awesome piece of hardware . Excellent for your first gun ... or your 5thgun ! . Powerful , authentic details , all metal , solid feel , solid and reliable internals ... I love it . Make sure buy thecorrect sized battery ! . the 9.6 V 3300mah battery is the Cadilac but it does not fit well . It 's best to go with an 8.4 v 7 cellpack . _ -- still has tons of power.KWC - Sig P226 - Another nice pistol in the $ 25 range . . good value ... has 250fps and rips through pop cans with .25 g bb 's . Very solid gun.I have the UTG MP5 aeg on order . . Will give a report when I get it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Great gun , but overpriced . Once you get the FPS up it keeps the whole enemy squad under cover while your boys flank them . And actually , you can get AK47s for 250 dollars with an extra dragunov style stock and two 20 rounds magazines -LRB- they are actually romanian clones but whatever -RRB- . I own one . And also , this gun in real life is not that awe inspiring . A vulcan heavy machine gun on the other hand shooting from an A-10 Warthog is pretty kick *** ! I swear you feel high after seeing one of those go off or scared **** less . P.S. . You could not get a sports car for 900 dollars , but you could get a decent car for that amount that will get you from point A to point B.
 This gun is good for suppressive fire . Sure it 's $ 900 , but so what ? Oh yeah , by the way : A real semiautomatic AK47 is $ 450 . Yeah , you could buy two for the price of this gun . Do n't believe me ? Go to www.impactguns.com and see for yourself . Also , you cant buy a Ferrari for $ 900 you stupid ass , andI 'M NOT GOING TO SPEND MONEY ON BUSH 'S DUMBASS REASONS FOR GOING TO WAR , OSAMA IS THE REAL TARGET , HE FORMED AND LEAD THE GROUP THAT CRASHED THE PLANES ! By the way , Iraq would be more than $ 100,000 because of the oil . I mean , I do n't have one of these things , but I 've seen it in action and it 's effects are devastating.SO , DO SOME RESEARCH BEFORE YOU WRITE REVIEWS , OK YOU DUMBASSES ?
 a $ 900 airsoft gun ?!!! throw me a fricken bone here . IF you have $ 900 dollars to spend on an airsoft gun that gos 350 fps you should buy our soldiers food and supplies . better yet , buy iraq and afganistan and the entire comtinent of asia sence you have $ 900 dollars to spend on an airsoft gun , seriously you could have a neighorhood war with all the kids in your neighborhood with pistols and ammo and masks for $ 900 honesly ppl just go buy a baZooka or somthing or the real m60 or watever the hek it is . Ya whoever buys this must have like a 999999999999999999999999999999 billion dollar house or somthing . GO spend your money on somthing useful like a guitar or somthing , you can get a perfect computer for 900 $ ... i meen its like someone saying '' yea i think im gon na buy a $ 900 airsoft gun '' and someone in this universe actually bought it?buy your kid a $ 900 Gibson or his own house and ferarri instead . yea okay im done . -LCB- -RCB- peace out
 I 'm very pleased with this polo . It 's just what i espect , serius but not to much . Excellent
 I bought these as a gift for my brother and even though they are priced on the cheap end , they are built more sturdily than many other more expensive pedals
 great hybrid for the serious golfer . unlike most hybrids which set up closed to limit the recreational golfer 's slice , this Bridgestone sets up square . this feature , along with its penetrating trajectory and compact head make it the shotmaker 's hybrid . the skilled player will be able to draw and cut the ball on demand . if you have lots of swing speed and tend to hit the ball high this club will play longer than pretty much any other hybrid on the market . i 've played all the major competitors including the sonartec md , taylormade rescue dual TP and callaway ft-3 hybrid and heavenwood and the bridgestone has the best trajectory for the high speed player.the bridgestone j33 utility wood comes standard with an ALDILA NV85 shaftif you 're in the market try as many hybrids as you can . if you 're a player , make sure and test the bridgestone .
 Grandson absolutely loves this . However , he 's BIG kid now . BIGGER kid size w/b great . Steeler place matt w/top this off perfectly . Must have for any STEELER toddler fanatics !!!!!!
 I received the watch from Amazon , and it is a very good-looking chronograph . The strap is comfortable and looks great . The only reason I would n't give it 5 stars is that the case size appears to be incorrect twice on the information page for the watch . At the top it says 42mm . Down in the `` Watch Information '' section it lists the case size as 40mm . I think both of those are incorrect . The watch was smaller than I expected when I opened the packaging , so I compared it to my 42mm Hamilton - it is quite a bit smaller . Then I measured it and while I am not 100 % sure of the correct way to measure a watch case diameter without a caliper I would say it is most definitely a 38mm watch -LRB- at least the one that was sent to me is -RRB- . Great watch - but not nearly as big as I expected . I am returning it in favor of something bigger .
 This watch is not too big or heavy and keeps excellent time . I wear it to work and it is thin enough for me to get my shirts over it . I like the canvas band . Only down side is seeing the face at night can be a challenge .
 I really like this watch . Inexpensive , stylish , big/easy to read , not heavy . I like the way the date reads out with 3 days shown with today in the middle , easier to read than other watches I have or have had.Only thing to mention is that the second hand is the dial at the bottom of the face , the big red hand is the Stop Watch hand
 We were looking for a watch with nice features yet simple with non-leather band . It was exactly as what he wanted .
 I had read other reviews that said the shipping was fast , but I did n't think they meant that fast . My order was scheduled to arrive somewhere between December 8th - December 11th . Imagine my surprise when it showed up at my door this morning.As for the jersey , it is perfect , and the person who received it -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- ca n't wait to wear it on Sunday !
 I was hesitant about buying this because of the low price . I was n't looking for a cheap jersey but then again , I did n't want to spend $ 90 for one either . The quality of materials and construction are better than expected and I 'm glad I bought this .
 Wanted to have the best of the best recived conformation and product when promised cant ask for much more . What I expected in the jersey . Order online was great walks you right thru the process Love it !!!!
 I ordered this the weekend before the Super Bowl , rush delivery . I was worried it would n't arrive in time for Super Bowl Sunday when I got an email saying it had shipped the Wednesday after I ordered it . Well , it arrived the Friday before . It 's very comfortable and durable . The stripes on the sleeves go all the way around the sleeve . I was comparing it to my Polamalu jersey I got at a department store , paid 40.00 there for it , and those stripes only cover the front of the jersey . This one is much nicer ! The fabric it 's made out of is n't cheap.I have a few other jerseys and this one is the highest quality jersey I have . I 've enjoyed it and gotten lots of compliments on it . I will order more , to add to my collection .
 This Hines Ward jersey was exactly what I expected . It was delivered on time for Christmas and was a good value . My son , a hard core Steelers fan , loves it .
 A very good product for a very reasonable price . The quality was good and it was as it appeared . Would recommend it to friends .
 I ordered this item just before Christmas with little hope of it arriving before the big day . Thankfully it arrived on Christmas Eve , and it was in perfect condition .
 What can I say ? Great price , great service and a perfect fit . Worth the money !
 It 's a great replica jersey for those who do n't want to spend a pile of cash on one .
 I order this product at christmas time , about ten days before the 25th I think , shipping could not be garunteed , but I took a chance . I recieved it on the 22 of December . The shirt was better than I thought it would be , and it made my son 's christmas . This company was great to work with . I emailed them my concerns about getting the shirt before the holidays and they answered my email quickyly , less than 4 hours , and told me when I could expect the package . I would definately do business with them again , and I have recommended them to several of my friens . Great job .
 The wallet was what I was looking for it had the room I needed for cards and pictures and it had my teams logo on itNFL Team Embroidered Trifold Wallets
 Wanted to have the best of the best recived conformation and product when promised cant ask for much more . What I expected in the jersey . Order online was great walks you right thru the process Love it !!!!
 I ordered this the weekend before the Super Bowl , rush delivery . I was worried it would n't arrive in time for Super Bowl Sunday when I got an email saying it had shipped the Wednesday after I ordered it . Well , it arrived the Friday before . It 's very comfortable and durable . The stripes on the sleeves go all the way around the sleeve . I was comparing it to my Polamalu jersey I got at a department store , paid 40.00 there for it , and those stripes only cover the front of the jersey . This one is much nicer ! The fabric it 's made out of is n't cheap.I have a few other jerseys and this one is the highest quality jersey I have . I 've enjoyed it and gotten lots of compliments on it . I will order more , to add to my collection .
 This Hines Ward jersey was exactly what I expected . It was delivered on time for Christmas and was a good value . My son , a hard core Steelers fan , loves it .
 A very good product for a very reasonable price . The quality was good and it was as it appeared . Would recommend it to friends .
 I ordered this item just before Christmas with little hope of it arriving before the big day . Thankfully it arrived on Christmas Eve , and it was in perfect condition .
 What can I say ? Great price , great service and a perfect fit . Worth the money !
 It 's a great replica jersey for those who do n't want to spend a pile of cash on one .
 I order this product at christmas time , about ten days before the 25th I think , shipping could not be garunteed , but I took a chance . I recieved it on the 22 of December . The shirt was better than I thought it would be , and it made my son 's christmas . This company was great to work with . I emailed them my concerns about getting the shirt before the holidays and they answered my email quickyly , less than 4 hours , and told me when I could expect the package . I would definately do business with them again , and I have recommended them to several of my friens . Great job .
 I had read other reviews that said the shipping was fast , but I did n't think they meant that fast . My order was scheduled to arrive somewhere between December 8th - December 11th . Imagine my surprise when it showed up at my door this morning.As for the jersey , it is perfect , and the person who received it -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- ca n't wait to wear it on Sunday !
 I was hesitant about buying this because of the low price . I was n't looking for a cheap jersey but then again , I did n't want to spend $ 90 for one either . The quality of materials and construction are better than expected and I 'm glad I bought this .
 I do n't know why I did n't get one of these earlier . I was sure if it would really work , but after trying it there is no way I will ever play a sport without wearing this !
 This product is really good . Nothing is wrong with it and it fits very comfortable . Its a great product .
 For me it works , and I do not even notice that I have it on .
 Cuando lo pedi no crei que funcionaria , pero al momento de colocarmelo en el brazo empeze a sentir el efecto , y me agrada no existe el mal humor , me siento con energia , de verdad la recomiendo .
 Eased swelling and pain in my girlfriend 's cts ! Comfortable to wear . I gave it to her ! : -RRB-
 There are a few select achievements by mankind that stand out in history
 I purchased three of these Phiten bracelets as gifts for three athletic teenage boys . I have never owned one , -LRB- reason for four stars -RRB- , but have heard from those who have they do work pretty well . I think they are designed to increase blood flow and relieve stress , but like I said I do n't own one so ca n't say for sure .
 If you do not know about Phiten you better get on board quick . No better place to order them that Amazon .
 I was in a car accident 7 years ago , suffered multiple breaks , damaged nerves and now have range of motion problems and chronic pain through the whole arm especially in the hand . an hour after putting this braclet on i felt relief in my hand and forearm . the burning sensation i had has dulled , the heaviness feeling has dissapeared and overall it just feels better . it works for me and after dealing with these symptoms for years i would recommend it to anyone who is trying to feel better . give it a try .
 The bracelet is nicely done , fits perfectly and seems to help relieve some of the arthritic pain I have in my wrist !
 I have been in chronic pain for almost 20 years , and some of that pain is in both hands . I have been using rare earth magnets until a month ago when I got this bracelet . I bought two of them because both hands are painful almost constantly . Using these is so much more effective than the magnets , and they are much more comfortable too . There are days now that I can say that my hands do n't bother me at all ; when using these . And that is something that has not happened to me in almost 20 years ! I wear them all the time , and just take them off to hand wash them , and put them back on when they are dry . With magnets that is not possible because my nerves would get fatigued , and they would not be effective anymore . I also use the necklace and find that helps me with other pain as well . I do n't know why or how they work , they just do !
 I do n't know if it is the placebo effect or if this thing is for real , but I am typically in severe knee pain after an 8 hour shift at work . Today I stood on my feel for over 11 hours -LRB- Black Friday -RRB- and am in virtually no pain ! I do n't care what the other reviewers say , this bracelet works .
 The bracelet was received in good condition , and appeared to be new . I gave it to my friend as a gift , and she was terribly excited .
 My boyfriend had me order this for him . He likes it a lot , although I do n't know if it helps his back or anything . He likes that it is snug to his wrist and he can wear it anywhere .
 I put it on the day i received it , which was on my weekly bowling nite and bowled my 4th highest series ever , a 698 with games of 268 , 235 n 195 , not bad for a 180 average bowler . Since then bowling has improved , ca n't explain but i wear it at least 3x a week and especially on bowling nite !!!!
 I have had the Phiten star bracelet for a few weeks now . I had tendonitis that was most noticable when lifting weights -LRB- curls -RRB- . After a week of wearing the bracelet , the pain seems to have subsided . Before buying the Phiten , I felt the pain despite giving my arm a rest for several weeks.Coincidence or placebo ? Maybe ... but there was a direct relationship between wearing the bracelet and my noticing the pain to be all but gone within a week or so . So I wear one now almost all the time . 4 out of 5 because the velcro looks like it can come undone during sports -LRB- would prefer a plastic snap clasp -RRB- , but for normal use , it stays put just fine . Recommended and and results may vary , of course !
 I like the comfort of this bracelet compared to all others , but is a little pricier than others . I would purchase again ...
 was skeptical if it would actually work.once i had it on for about two days i noticed less and less pain .
 I bought this for my husband as a Christmas present . It 's sturdy , well made , and looks good . I would recommend this product .
 My wife and I have been wearing Phiten bracelets for a long time . We both get relief from arthritis pain when we wear them . I have tried other similar items but they are junk .
 The product is excellent ... You feel better and with a lot of energy ! ... . I personally recommend you it ; you will feel so good ! ... . Enjoy it !
 Got my bracelet and necklace yesterday . Slept in both of them . This morning , no neck pain and no wrist pain . Pay attention to what 's going on with your body , and you will definitely see the difference . Have used Homedics magnets for years -LRB- 20 -RRB- , and they 're too bulky . These things work people !
 I have been diagnosed with `` Tennis Elbow '' , in my case , caused by years of playing saxophone , which requires repetitive motion , particularly in the right arm and right elbow.Having gone through physical thereapy and exercises , which DID NOT HELP the pain , and taking a lot of NSAID 'S , a friend suggestedone of these bracelets.I bought one , not expecting anything . The results are incredible , and my range of motion in the forearm and elbow are at least 90percent back , and the pain is virtually GONE.As some have written here , it may be `` All In The Mind . `` Fine with me . After several thousand dollars in medical treatments by `` experts '' , all I can offer to anyone , is , TRY IT !
 Good item that seems to relieve pain in my arm . Also odered the necklace and it relieves the pain in my neck and shoulders .
 I have an old wrist injury from baseball that flairs up from time to time . The kind of pain that prevents me from picking anything up with my hand . After wearing the Phiten bracelet , the pain disappeared after a few weeks ! I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone with wrist pain !!
 I wear this bracelet to relieve the pain in my hand -LRB- s -RRB- -- It helps me to get on with what needs to be done -- You need your hands for everything -- And when wearing this braclet , it helps me to get through the day -- I would recommend it to anyone !!!
 I 've been wearing it for 3 weeks now . it really works for my wrist , elbo and shoulder . I also got the necklace . Well , it 's probably the combination of the necklace and bracelet that make them feel pretty much pain free . They are painful because I am a Programmer and work on the computer all day . I have sciatica due to a herniated disc . I was hoping they will relieve pain . I guess it 's not that powerful to wear them on the neck & wrist to get rid of the pain in my low back.I would say this product works . I may be buying the waist belt for my back that is not sold here .
 Phiten technology sounds like a very cool thing . Much like magnets that were really hot in the 90 's , Phiten 's Titanium Aqua might just be one of the next medical crazes.It is hard to imagine that there is titanium in these items and that they provide the healing power that Phiten says they do ... but they are cool and cool looking -LRB- and players in the MLB wear the necklaces -RRB- . Is it helping me ? I am not sure . Is it hurting me ? No possible way . It 's sporty looking , it 's affordable and I am willing to take a chance that it just might help me out . The power of suggestion is strong -- if I believe it will help me , it probably will . : -RRB- Recommended .
 This air horn is extremmely loud . the user sould be recomended to wear earplugs . the only downnfall too this product is that if the intended used to to be used constantally for en extended period forget it it runs out of gas . however to make noise at a spports game this is the way to go .
 We bought two of these for our pool room at our P.T. clinic in case of a fall or emergency . Tested them both outside -LRB- very loud -RRB- and they worked fine .
 My brother has always dreamed about having an air horn go off when he graduated . He graduated last week , and this air horn did not fail to make him laugh , and the people around us jump!Before graduation we checked the decibel rating to make sure we would n't make anyone go deaf . It is rated at 120 decibels , the equivalent of the front row of a rock concert . I would use with caution , as it does its job of being very loud and getting everyone 's attention . We used it at an outdoor graduation , and aimed it away from the audience .
 WOW is this L O U D ! I mean REALLY L O U D. I bought this as PROTECTION ! I was working as a bartender , in a safe during the day , unsafe at night area ... The state I was living in ... had laws that I was not allowed to carry a stun gun or mace ... to protect myself . So , I resorted to this ... Oh trust me ... not only will it keep anyone at bay , and probable make them temporarily D E A F. ... but it will create such an attention getting noise that EVERYONE will look to see what is the wrong ... not like the ` unhelpful , everyone ignores ' car alarm emergency button . NOBODY will ignore THIS !
 This horn was just what I was looking for for the boat . It 's loud and just what you 'd expect for a horn of this type .
 The Ultimate Volleyball net is extremely sturdy and well-made . The anntennas are tied on with shoelaces and do n't seem to quite fit the length of the net , we 've had to make new holes on the antenna pockets . The Kevlar cable at top is not a steel cable , rather it is Kevlar material -LRB- twine -RRB- intertwined with very thin steel wire . It is very durable but the cable stretches and eventually the net begins to sag in the middle as play continues throughout the day . The green rope ties on the sides are unique and work very well and are easy to adjust .
 The watch has all of the functions that it claims . The only things that I do n't like about it are that the buttons are too easy to press . I accidently hit them multiple times a day during normal activity . I have even accidently changed the time . I was n't very impressed with the watch band either . The velcro patch is awfully small and would wear out quickly . Also , if your wrist is smaller it does n't fit . I switched it out with a REM watch band -LRB- watchband.biz -RRB- and now I love it .
 I bought this watch to help me get track on the time I spend running . I needed something cheap because it 's not my main watch and this one fit my budget . I love the velcro clasp because it gives you the feeling that you are not wearing anything . It is lightweight and it works great for the value . The only con I found is that every time you press a button , it beeps and after a while it gets annoying . Does anyone know how to take that beep away ? All in all , I consider this watch a great value to anybody .
 This is an as advertised item . Great value for the price . Need to use the features often to be proficient as the controls are not labeled or very intuitive .
 Watch works great , the display is large and readable , but it beeps every time you press a button and there 's no way to stop this .
 I bought this watch for my 13 year old . It is easy to use and very reliable . He loves it !
 I 've tried them all and this is the best egg hook on the market with the small size # 14 , the right size for burying the hook inside a single salmon egg for catching trout . The hooks are so sharp , most of the time the fish will hook themselves !
 Bought this as a present for my grandson 's 1st birthday . His parents said it was very sturdy and easy to assemble .
 These step stools are a great value for the price . I have a similar plain brown one from Target that was more expensive . Usually licensed stuff costs so much more . The quality on these is very nice , the top logo has carving around it , and the lid opens up to a nice space my kids love to store their bathroom stuff in . I ordered two , and they were very easy to assemble .
 THis is a great stepstool . Very easy to put together . Shipped very fast !! I just wish is has little slam guard cushions for the lid . It is sooo loud when it gets slammed shut , even on accident . Otherwise perfect !
 A great well made product . Assembly was easy . Prompt shipping , a great merchant to do business with .
 Awesome design ; I bought it for my 2YO son , but my daughter loves it too . Very sturdy and super easy to assemble . Actually plan to get one for my daughter so they do n't fight over it .
 This product is just as the picture shows . It is good quality , durable and fun for the little one to hide his stuff ... Shipping time was fantastic and the price was great !
 Bought this as an addition to our son 's room - he loves it!Perfect for toddlers .
 I bought this stepstool for my nephew for Christmas -LRB- he 's 16 months -RRB- . His mom and dad are Cubs fans , and they loved it as much as my nephew did . It 's durable and easy to put together , although at first I put one of the sides on wrong . It took me about 15 minutes to assemble . It seemed strong enough for me to stand on -LRB- I weigh around 160 lbs . -RRB- , although I would n't stand on it for a long time . Great for a kid for the bedroom -LRB- getting into bed -RRB- or bathroom sink . Fast shipping too .
 Got this for my nephew . Shipping timing was awesome ! Quality of product , solid ! So easy to assembly , phillips screw driver only tool required!Very excited will definitely use this company again !
 My son loved this set . For the price we could n't have asked for a better little outfit . Material is well made and seems like it will hold up for some time .
 I had to buy this item sight unseen without the benefit of many reviews , so I thought I 'd write down my thoughts for the aid of any future buyers : first , this is a midlevel table - on the one hand , it 's not Superchexx -LRB- which given its incredible durability may be worth the $ 2700 if you have it to spend -RRB- and on the other hand , you can find much cheaper tables if you need to save the money . But this one requires negligible assembly -LRB- bolting on legs is easy and takes less than 30 minutes -RRB- and is basically ready to play on arrival , which to me makes it much better than the cheap tables -LRB- just look around for the many assembly horror stories on those -RRB- . There 's also a certain level of quality control that comes from having it pre-assembled and inspected already , etc. . It also has some features the lower tier games lack , like a puck return system , etc. -LRB- see below on that -RRB- . Price-wise I found it online for $ 725 including shipping -LRB- which seems to be the manufacturer 's required `` minimum advertised price '' so that was as low as I could get online - maybe if you have a local dealer in your neighborhood you can negotiate a lower price from them -RRB- . For what I found , this was the cheapest -LRB- and I think best -RRB- of the `` midlevel '' tables.It 's also lightweight for such a table
 After several months of research , this was the closest I could find to a super chexx table , at a fraction of the cost . Simply put this table is amazing , it plays exactly like a super chexx , the ice surface is fantastic and slides like real ice , the main difference from this and a SC table is this does not have the electronic puck ejector , it uses a push rod that shoots the puck over the net . And it also has the scoreboard by the handles as opposed inside the bubble like a SC table , I actually prefer this way . On the super chexx tables you were bending over looking under that scoreboard , hurting your back , this table does not have that issue.The previous review mentioned the goal horn sounded cheesy , personally I do n't think its that bad , i kinda like it , its nice and fairly loud too . The goal light is pretty neat too , SC tables do n't have that . The table seems well built and very sturdy , it has already provided endless hours of entertainment . We had 2 girls over playing it whom are n't hockey fans and they were having a riot . This is by far the best table on the market , especially for the money . Highly rec this table if you are in the market . Compare this table at $ 780 to $ 3,000 for a super chexx , seems like a no brainer . Not too mention its more eye appealing then a chexx table .
 I had to buy this item sight unseen without the benefit of many reviews , so I thought I 'd write down my thoughts for the aid of any future buyers : first , this is a midlevel table - on the one hand , it 's not Superchexx -LRB- which given its incredible durability may be worth the $ 2700 if you have it to spend -RRB- and on the other hand , you can find much cheaper tables if you need to save the money . But this one requires negligible assembly -LRB- bolting on legs is easy and takes less than 30 minutes -RRB- and is basically ready to play on arrival , which to me makes it much better than the cheap tables -LRB- just look around for the many assembly horror stories on those -RRB- . There 's also a certain level of quality control that comes from having it pre-assembled and inspected already , etc. . It also has some features the lower tier games lack , like a puck return system , etc. -LRB- see below on that -RRB- . Price-wise I found it online for $ 725 including shipping -LRB- which seems to be the manufacturer 's required `` minimum advertised price '' so that was as low as I could get online - maybe if you have a local dealer in your neighborhood you can negotiate a lower price from them -RRB- . For what I found , this was the cheapest -LRB- and I think best -RRB- of the `` midlevel '' tables.It 's also lightweight for such a table
 First , let me say that for the money this is an excellent buy for those looking for an arcade-like slot hockey given a Chexx table will cost 4x the $ $ $ . I purchased this as an `` upgrade '' from a lower Carrom model I purchased 10 years ago as this model -LRB- the 455 Elite -RRB- had the following improvements : * stands taller -LRB- no bending over to play if you are tall -RRB- * the score board does not obscure the playing field * the plastic bubble fits much better as it sets into grooves -LRB- vs Velcro on the other models -RRB- * the design style is much cleaner and the players have more details * most importantly the puck will not get stuck in the goalsThe table is easy to assemble but will require two people to assemble and move it . Be sure to assemble at the location you will be playing it . Also , the assembly instructions recommend spraying/wiping the playing field and control rods with silicon ; I would highly recommend you do this before playing.The only negative with my unit was that one of the players would not move freely , and would get jammed . Instead of returning the unit I removed all of the players which allows you to lift out the playing field and exposes the player rods and gear boxes . Though the rods can not be removed I was able to disassemble the problem gear box and re-set the gears which fixed the problem . Also , the puck ejection is VERY poorly conceived . You must `` slam '' a short control rod to eject the puck over the goal . You need to really hit that rod hard with the palm of your hand to get the puck to clear , small kids will have a hard time with that , plus for adults it can actually hurt your hand . A pinball like spring-plunger design would have worked much better , allowing for both ease and greater control in ejecting the puck . Lastly , this is an issue for me - the outside of the box was labeled `` Made in the USA '' , but a box within the box that contained the legs was labeled `` Made in China '' . For these reasons I am knocking one star off of my rating . But as I stated , it is a good buy .
 I am the lucky recipient of this hockey table -LRB- see Ellex62 review -RRB- and I must say it 's a beautiful table , and the game play is very very good . It has a quality feel about it , and the play area is big - bigger than a Chex ICE table , I believe.PROS : - Very easy set up - screw the base together , bolt the table to the legs , stick in batteries and its ready to play . - Excellent game play , machine times 3 periods and keeps electronic score . - Low profile dome , the unit looks fabulous in my man-room . - Exceptionally good customer service - see details below.CONS : - Sound effects are simple electronic beeps and sort of loud - no way to soften . - Puck ejector system works , but takes some getting used to -LRB- you slam a button to knock the puck back into play from the goal.I totally love this table and the quality seems to be very good . I must further comment on my wife 's description of the delivery fiasco and the follow up ... As she stated CEVA delivered the table , and the driver was 2 hours later outside a FIVE hour delivery window . When he arrived , our sprinklers were on and he demanded we shut them off . I explained we could n't because they were controlled by the condo complex . He rudely refused to bring the box to the front door which was 6 steps up . He dropped the huge box outside the garage door under the spray of a sprinkler getting the box wet . After we insisted that the box should be delivered to our front door , and while my wife was calling his dispatcher , he proceeded to open the box and carry the parts of the game up , lifting the game itself by the rod handles -LRB- which the manual says not to do -RRB- and getting the dome and the game table wet in the sprinklers . Outrageous!I shooed the driver away and assembled the game in the man cave and sure enough , it was defective . When the puck went into the goals the score would keep increasing 1-2-3-4-5 , etc. until you ejected the puck . Further , the game clock would not go beyond the first period.Ugh.I called the customer service 800 number at Carom an dspoke with a super helpful woman named Dawn . She explained that the scoring problem was most likely caused by either dirty or mis-asligned infrared eyes that are on either side of the goals . She suggested I look under the table to see if one of them was popped out of the j-hooks they set in , or if they were dirty . She also assured me that if this was n't the problem I would be able to pop out the scoring unit and ship that back for exchange - no need to ship the entire game.Sure enough one of the sensors was hanging from its wire and I was able to easily put it back in place and this cured both problems.SO ... bottom line , this is a beautiful table , the quality build seems very good , esp for the money . However , if you order off of Amazon you 're probably screwed if they send it by the same delivery service . The upside is , if you have a similar experience , your salvation will be dealing with customer service IF you have any damage as I did.Overall , I 'm very very pleased - just could have done without the delivery guy BS .
 Having grown up with the table hockey games which used metal players back in the 70 's and the game costing about 20 $ back then , I thought a treat for Christmas for myself would be purchasing this game ... its not cheap . about $ 750 USD.I received it to my delight prior to Christmas at my Florida residence -LRB- I am a Canadian -RRB- ... I was surprised that the box with the product in it was about 140lbs . You need to take it out of the box in pieces and put it together , not a big issue , but if you have no tools then its a problem.I got all together , it looked beautiful ! I was ready to play!However when I went to try it out , I went to move the goaltender , and it was completely frozen . I tried to force it slightly , no luck . Kept trying , no luck . I did n't want to force it too much more with fear of breaking it.I then phoned the Carrom service dept and they told me that I might have to send the whole thing back , as the mechanism was obviously stuck and they indicated it might have happened during shipping and/or manufacturing . They were very nice about it , I have to say . I was n't about to take it apart and put it all back in the box and ship it - that would have been major hassle . I thought to look deeper into the problem myself.Anyway , I took all the players off the game , and then removed the top cover -LRB- ice -RRB- - I checked the mechanism and it was completely locked . What had happened was that in manufacturing some glue had run into the mechanism controlling the goaltender and locked it . I worked on it to clean the glue , got it loose and then lubricated it with silicone lubricant . It now works great , all the game works great , its very much like the old days ... ! My only problem is that if you bought this for your child , and even if you got it together and you had the kind of problem I had and you were n't handy , it would be a huge problem to take it apart , put it back in the box and send it to the manufacturer . Its heavy , bulky and its almost Bar quality - like a foosball table.Thats my only issue with this , and I hope that others do n't experience this issue .
 I bought this table as an anniversary gift for my husband and he loves it but I want to caution people about delivery . Our table -LRB- purchased via Amazon -RRB- was delivered via CEVA . In addition to the fact that they were very late -LRB- a 12-5 window for delivery tied me up all afternoon . They arrived at 7 . The real kicker was that the delivery man refused to bring it inside . He kept telling us we ordered basic delivery -LRB- I had no choice of delivery options when I purchased -RRB- . He refused to carry it up the 6 steps to our front door saying it weighed 200 pounds and his wife was in the truck and could n't help . He left it in the driveway -LRB- under automatic sprinklers -RRB- while we called the manager.The manager was helpful and instructed him to get it inside but by then the box was open and he carried it in in pieces using the handles and poles to carry inside -LRB- despite all the cautions against doing so -RRB- . We are still uncertain if there is any longterm damage from this delivery but I would caution you to get information about how the delivery will be handled .
 I have a Wald basket that I love but could never get to fit quite right on my bike because of the longer struts that came with it . These adjustable struts fit perfectly , are well made , and arrived quickly . I am now 100 % satisfied with my basket and have not needed to carry any weight on my back since I made the switch .
 First let me preface this with that we have two boys on the trap team and we do quite a bit of shooting . We have three shotshell reloaders . Two Lee Loadall 2 's -LRB- one 12 ga and one 20 ga -RRB- and we also have a MEC 9000GN . I have had the 12 ga Lee since I was a kid -LRB- more than a few years -RRB- . We have put a several thousand rounds through it during that time and it has performed in an acceptable fashion and still works fine . It is a great little loader for the casual loader and is pretty easy to make changes to for working up a load . While we run thousands of rounds a year through the MEC for trap and have it pretty well locked into a set load , we still use the Lee 's for trying out new loads , making hunting loads , or even using it for some handicap loads in a pinch . If you are looking for a simple , inexpensive reloader for some casual loading , you will be happy with the Lee LA II . If you need something more for high volume and speed , you will find that a MEC 9000GN progressive is a good choice -LRB- but will cost you nearly 10 times as much as the LEE LA 2 -RRB- .
 I really like this press . It is very easy to use . IT was my first shot shell press and even I was able to set it up and start pumping out reloaded shot gun shells . The different gauge adapters attach very easily as well . Great Product .
 Set up is easy , price is right , buy this now if you shoot shot shells and would like to try your hand in reloading !
 This item is a great product ! It is nearly ready to use right out of the box . A couple minutes of reading and a couple of minutes of set up and BAM !!! you 're reloading . The first time using it I made 4 boxes of shells -LRB- 100 shells -RRB- in about an hour and a half . It gives quality crimps and does everything that a higher priced reloader can do . Definitely impressed with the quality and value of this reloader !! If you have never reloaded a shell this machine makes it simple!I took the shells that I reloaded and shot through 25 shells and not a single problem !! Would I recommend this product ? Yes , Definitely !!!!
 quick shipment and a great product and easy to use . comes with everything that you need to get started . You just mount fill and get started
 Works as advertised . After a week I can make a shell in about 15 seconds . The only negative I found was finding it at a local gun store for $ 41.99 shortly after i received it .
 When item arrived , it was kinda big , when i opened it , it was exactly as pictured . works great glad i bought this one !!
 I know nothing about this or how its used so my review is that I found other ppl 's reviews at amazon very helpful in trying to decide which reloader to get my husband for Christmas . He is all about name brands and good quality everything so I did n't want to screw up . After looking at several and reading what others had said about the ease of set up and use of the Lee Precision and great quality I made my choice . Not only was my husband totally stoked for Christmas , he 's already set it up , made a stand for it and has been trying his hand at reloading shotgun shells . . Good buy I think !
 I am for the most part happy with it and as I get used to it I think it will be great
 A great shotshell reloader for a terrific price . Very well made and very accurate . I checked both powder loads and shot loads on my reloading scale . Right on the money !! Very easy to operate .
 I am totally new to reloading and just bought this press to get started . After watching videos online of different machines I decided on the Lee because it looked easy to use and was the most affordable - I had all but crossed it off my list until I had seen the videos . I have been really happy and impressed with the ease of use ! It was so simple to setup , I was loading shells within 15-20min from opening the box , just attach the primer feed - which I HIGHLY recommend - mount it to a board , install the bushings and LOAD!I am reloading trap shells with it and its working great , even the guys at the range were impressed with the shells , they have a perfect crimp on them . Like I said , get the primer feed for sure , I have only used Federal and Cheddites in it so far , and the Fed 's feed alot better , even the book says Fed 's seem to work best in the feeder . But it saves alot of time and is really easy to feed primers.The shot always measures really close , like within 5-7 thousands on my scale , but with the powder I am using , Unique & Red Dot from Alliant , the bushing is a bit lighter than the numbers published but still well within range for my shells , the .155 bushing says 23 grains for Unique and 18gr for Red Dot , but I am getting , 20.5 to 21 and 17.1 to 17.5 respectively . I know that is not dead-on for guys who want total accuracy , but it works OK for me . In fact , I have been scoring better with my reloads than factory loads - I 'll take that!Anyway , for beginners , I dont think you can go wrong with the Lee Load-All 2 , I highly recommend it !
 I load 12G slugs and this thing has paid for itself almost 2x already . Easy to use , Good crimps , Good Loads -LRB- always measure every 10th load for safety -RRB- . Simply gets the job done.Don ' t hesitate . Reload safe .
 I am new to reloading shotshells but this item made it so easy . I have already reloaded 22 boxes -LRB- 550 -RRB- shotshells without incident . I have saved money and it 's fun to use .
 Want an inexpensive shot shell reloader that really works ? This is the one ! Extremely easy to setup . The directions are clear , and simple to follow . Even loading buckshot , in which you have to load the pellets into the shell casing manually , it did n't take long to load them . It would be even quicker to load if you were using bird shot . Just for my personal curiosity , I measured a powder drop from the .141 powder bushing to see how much Hodgdon HS-6 actually come out . It was exactly 32.4 grains as the Lee manual described . Ca n't ask for better than that.If you do n't mind loading one shell at a time , and you want to save some serious money on a reloader , get this one . It 's a quality product , and it works . It produces factory-like loads . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This press is really easy to setup and works great first time . This is first time I am loading 12 gage and was really easy to setup and learn . Thanks , Ki .
 i have reload like 300 shotshells , and my lee load all 2 is like new one.very precise , and fast reloading
 This is a great product and through this buyer I was able to get it for 15 % less than anywhere else I could find it .
 Ran several hundred shells without any real issues at least none that were n't user generated . I 'll buy another when this one wears out ... if it wears out
 For the casual reloader , this press is an exceptional value and it produces a quality shotgun shell . I have used it without complaint . Like so many other shooters , I 've decided to experiment with 3/4 oz . shot loads . This idea is popular enough that manufacturers commonly offer wads designed for a 3/4 oz . load and more reloading recipes are becoming available . When I did n't find a 3/4 oz . shot bushing with my press , I e-mailed Lee customer service and was disappointed to learn that they do n't make that bushing . This leaves the reloader with no option but to hand dip the shot load for each shell . This is probably something the potential buyer will want to consider before making the purchase .
 And it does exactly what it is supposed to do . You pour molten metal into it , the metal cools , and becomes an ingot ! Nifty ! There are two different sizes , which is handy when you have different amount of metal .
 This works out great for making lead ingots that fit into the lee production pot IV . I am happy with it .
 This Lee Precision Ingot Mold is great , however , quality control needs to be aware that the inside of the ends of the mold are a bit rough.A hit with some light emory cloth got most of it removed.A little cooking oil helps release the ingots now . I would definitely recomend this Lee Product to my friends .
 I use this for casting lead ingots which will be rolled over into cast boolits for reloading in the future . Surprisingly lightweight and sturdy for its material -LRB- aluminum -RRB- . The only issue I have is that even in winter time it seems to cool slower than a cast iron mold . Also wish it was higher capacity as well .
 This is the 3rd Hamilton I 've bought in the past few years . Like my other two Hamilton watches -LRB- Khaki Field Mechanical & Field Auto -RRB- , the Khaki Navy Dive model is a reasonably priced , durable , high quality watch.PROS : AccurateSee-through backScratch resistant sapphire crystal -LRB- front & back -RRB- Well made screw-down crownsBrushed finish does n't show small scratches as muchNice & substantial watch -LRB- though not overwhelming for smaller wrists -RRB- Easy to read , uncomplicated watch faceCONS : No anti-reflective coating on sapphire crystal
 Purchased this watch half a year ago . It is surprisingly accurate - I monitored the time every day for a month using time.gov as a reference . My watch gaines on average 1 second per day , it is ahead of standard time . My wife owns quartz longines , which costs twice as much and is less accurate . I work in a lab where high magnetic fields are present so far it has n't been a problem . The watch is quite large , but I do n't really notice it on my wrist - no scratches so far . The biggest bang for your buck :--RRB- -RRB- .
 Perfect fit for my Smith & Wesson 38 special . Comfortable so that I forget I have it with me on my belt.Good price and excellent workmanship . This product is more than satisfactory to expectations I wanted .
 The canopy was very easy to put up . It does take 2 people . This canopy will fold down -LRB- as long as you loosen the velcro on all 4 sides -RRB- with the cover still on it . You do n't need to remove it and put it in the side pocket . We love it .
 I 've spent years camping with a bag of clothes half-strewn around my tent , so a new tent led me to check this out to see if I can stay organized.The closet comes in its own thin carrying case . It looks complicated at first opening , but it 's easy to insert the fiberglass rods , zip down the corners , adjust the Velcro seams , and BOOM ! you 've got a very sturdy and roomy set of shelves for socks , shorts , t-shirts , towels , and medication . There 's a zip-down mesh cover to keep things out of your stuff yet keep it ventilated , and it rolls up out of the way . Pockets on the sides for pop/beer cans , wallet , and the like are very handy , and hooks for keys on both sides let you keep things where you can find them easily . There 's even a pocket on the back that stores magazines and maps . But the value is in keeping things organized , OFF the tent floor , where you can see that stuff without having to paw through a duffelbag and toss things all over your tent . I 'm happy to have found this neat piece of tent furniture !
 The closet tent organizer was very easy to set up , and was handy to have as we were camping for a whole week . Kept the tent from getting quite so disorganized . Glad we got this item , and I do recommend it !
 This thing is great . I actually pack it before I leave home , put it in a large laundry bag , and stick it in the back seat . When I 've got my tent up , just pop it in . I put a basket in one of the large holes at the bottom for rolled up socks , and undies . No more digging through a duffle or suitcase . It will hold a weeks worth of clothes and toiletries . An added benifit is that it just fits in the end of my oversized tent cot , and being 5 ' 2 '' , there is still room to spare . I use it for regular travel as well ; no packing and unpacking , especially if you 're going to be moving everyday or two . It 's easy to set up if you do n't have the room to carry it packed , and comes with a sturdy carrying case.Kamp-Rite Oversize Tent Cot
 We used this several times in our pop up camper this summer and it worked great . It really helps to organize your clothes .
 I bought this for Burning Man as I was to be out in the desert of northern Nevada for 8 days . It sure did beat digging through duffel bags for clothes , and with the side organizer pockets , that also came in handy storing my small electronics , ear plugs , toilet paper and so on . Even the little clip on one of the sides came in handy as I used it to clip a small trash bag to it . I knew it was n't going to keep the playa dust off my clothes with the mesh front -LRB- nothing keeps playa dust away -RRB- , but I just love having an organized tent so this was a great addition to myEureka ! Copper Canyon 10 Five - to Six-Person 10-Foot by 10-Foot Family Tent . Sets up in a minute and tears down just as easily . Even if I was going camping for a weekend , I would still take it with me . After showing my friends what it looks like set up , I think they will be buying this for next years Burning Man event .
 After years of digging my clothes out of a duffle bag , I was tired of having to pull everything out in order to find something . This unit is a great way to stay organized and have everything stored in a way that makes it easy to find . I packed it before I left and everything stayed in place . There are plenty of compartments to keep everything separated . I love this unit and showed it to anybody who would listen . Eventually , others were bringing people over to show them too . This works great for extended trips where you want to be able to find things easily , but is a bit too big for shorter trips .
 This is a great item ! Comes in a compact carrying case , good quality , easy to set up ! I ca n't wait to use it
 i bought these in size small , navy , 100 % cotton . the color is darker than the photo shows . after washing and drying on low heat , the shorts did shrink quite a bit but they still fit okay . i definitely would n't wear these shorts in public - the leg openings are pretty baggy and the shorts are pretty daggy , overall . the waistband is comfortable but ugly , and the shorts are n't particularly flattering . having said all that , they are very comfortable for wearing around the house . for $ 10 i do n't expect much more .
 I already had 3 pair and I just ordered 6 more for summer . They are cool , comfortable , affordable and they look nice on anyone . -LRB- Do n't let the product pics fool you - they look really nice on a real person -RRB- My sister also ordered 3 pair to wear to the gym . I wear them around the house , to go walking or run errands . Love 'em .
 These are a nice standard drawstring gym short . The ones I used to by were discontinued and I bought one pair of these to try them out . Loose and comfy . Better designed for someone slim than rounded/curvy .
 I bought these shorts because they are the only ones I can find that do n't have a wide elastic waistband that presses uncomfortable against my stomach . I also like the absorbent and comfortable cotton.I am 5 ' 4 '' and weigh 110 ; so I am not big . But I buy the large because it is the most comfortable . The only workout shorts I will wear .
 These shorts are beyond comfortable and just the right length - not too short and not too long . Great for wearing around the house or for running errands on hot summer days .
 These comfortable , soft shorts are exactly what I wanted ... they wash beautifully and they are Russell quality .
 I bought these and enjoy wearing them . They are very comfortable and easy to wash . I highly recommend them !
 Ordering clothing sight-unseen and without trying on is always a bit iffy . But I ordered this in Navy , large ; and the fit and all is just fine . And the price was low . So I 'm a happy camper .
 These are so very soft and comfie . They may be a bit on the short side for the gym , and with leggings would probably bunch a little between the legs , but for around the house they are IDEAL . They are like your most comfortable tee shirt . I love sleeping in them or just wearing them around the house .
 I love these shorts . . they wear well and will last a while . . I 've had another pair for 2 years and no sign of wearing out . .
 Excellent shorts without that thick uncomfortable waistband or tight legs that most shorts have today . I highly recommend !
 Comfortable ! 100 % cotton ! Economical ! Easy to order ! I bought two pairs of these shorts at a swanky sports outfitters store 2 or 3 years ago and realy liked them . When I went back to get more that store did n't carry them -LRB- or almost anything else cotton -RRB- anymore . I was realy disappointed . Then I was on-line looking for some workout pants for my father and noticed the name `` Russell '' which gave me the idea to buy them on-line . There was just what I wanted and all kinds of discounts . And I did n't have to do a lot of driving or walking to get them .
 These are so incredibly soft , and they fit just right . Think of how your most comfortable tee shirt feels , and these will likely compare . They are n't too baggie around my thighs , as many of these types of shorts are on me . The elastic in the waist is very comfortable - not too tight , not too loose . They are also true to size.They are quite flattering , and long enough that if you needed to run into a grocery store or something , you are covered well enough . You could wear them with or without bike shorts underneath at the gym . You might want the biker shorts if doing a lot of kicks , but otherwise you could probably get away with just these . They are great for wearing around the house as your comfie every day shorts . A very good all around soft short !
 These shorts are the best buy ever . I like them so much , I have ordered them more than once . They are long lasting , easy to care for and you canot beat the price . I lounge in them every afternoon . They are so comfortable , I sometimes even sleep in them .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . The shorts fit true to size and I love having the drawstring waistband to ensure a good fit . They hit mid-length on the thigh , so good coverage -- not too long , not too short . Essential Apparel had my order to me in under a week and I 'm on the opposite coast , so that was a nice surprise .
 These are just the style of gym shorts I like , and the price is great ! I only purchased the cotton blend colors -LRB- graphite and grey -RRB- , so as not to have the shrinking issues the other reviewer spoke of . I am very pleased !
 Since I 've purchased Russell Athletic apparel before , I know that their togs are very basic -LRB- okay for ` round the house -RRB- . They shrink - buy ` up ' a size or two . So these shorts are about what you can expect ... except they would be more appropriately priced at $ 5.99 or $ 6.99 tops .
 I 've had this for years now , and I still wear it . I use it as a travel alarm -LRB- although now I need my glasses to set it . -RRB- I use it on those Timex velcro bands -- the original band was too stiff and narrow for me . I like the black plastic pusher buttons and the grey face color . Would be nice if the second hand was a bit brighter . The light is too weak , but the price is pretty good .
 As for longevity I can not speak - only had it a week . But its a solid watch . Seems very well built to me . Nice to have an analog with the dependability of a digital alarm . Though the leather band is quality I actually replaced the band with a Timex Expedition Fast Wrap for a river trip & I do n't think I 'll be replacing it any time soon - great band and the 20mm size fits the watch well.Note that despite what some sites say this watch -LRB- T45191 -RRB- allows for tracking 2 timezones and not 3 , and the bezel does NOT turn - its a permanent part of the brushed stainless steel case . Fine by me - one less part to break . The watch face also is more grey than black so its a bit lighter than what you see in the photo . As of this writing the cost on this watch is down to $ 36 but I would have paid the retail $ 59.95 for it . It really seems to be a solid piece .
 This is a good laundry detergent for sweaty athletic clothes as well as hunting clothes . Add some 20 mule team borax for clothes that do not get washed immediately to further knock out the smell . Works for odors much better than regular detergents
 At this price -LRB- $ 279 + free shipping -RRB- , it 's a great value . The machine is very smooth because of the commercial steel guide rods . I removed the seat assembly because it interferes with some of the movements that I like to do.The parts are very heavy -LRB- tipping will not be a problem -RRB- and partially preassembled , making assembly about an hour long . The post was blemished from parts striking each other during shipping but this was minor and not worth a complaint.The cables will stretch a bit after assembly when initially weighted down , but they are easy to tighten . An extension chain is included for the low pully cable but you can use it for the high pulley as well . It 's probably a good idea to get an extra chain for longer -LRB- Gironda-style -RRB- pulley movements.It came with Oly plate adapters so that you can use them or standard plates.Nautilus told me over the telephone that this is a discontinued this product ; probably the reason for the low price .
 Is it smooth , yes . The low roll is a bit disappointing but works . Triceps pull downs are slightly awkward but I can get the job done . Overall I like it .
 AWESOME VIDEO GAME !!! I absolutely love it . It is a little hard to learn but when you get the hang of it , it is awesome!The game has so many tricks than you can chose from and once you get enough tricks , you can do a `` GAME BREAKER '' ! Its hard to explain but when you get the game , you 'll love it . You can also rename the tricks even all the tricks that you do in Dunk Contest ! You can make your own players AKA `` Ballers '' and use your street points -LRB- basicly money -RRB- to improve their skills and buy them no clothing ! If you complete the street challenge you get all the clothing free ! You have to try this game!Dunk Contest , and everything about this game is awesome and I would suggest this game for lot 's of people ! I hope my review was helpful to you !
 The third installment of the NBA street series is definitely the best yet . You have to apreciate the fact that EA sports Big completely reworked the controls and graphics but was able to keep the smooth agressive gameplay . In adition V3 has increadible animations which are very important when trying to capture the feel of street ball . I was debating between 4 or 5 stars for this instant clasic but there is a big lag in the comentary department . The very same phrases from volume 2 are used again and again by the annoying DJ cucumber slice -LRB- the anouncer -RRB- . This is the only aspect that was not redone but it desperately needed it . Not only is the comentary repetitive but it is a poor atempt at being too ghetto . Can any one please tell me what `` Taking it to the Baha Lovely '' means . Other than this flaw the game is a real winner . The street challenge mode is great but the overall best thing you can do with V3 is play online or just a regular multiplayer game . It 's great throwing the ball off your best friends head and then doing a double through the legs dunk . Go out and buy NBA street V3 but when your playing it turn off the comentary for everyones sake.Ratings out of 10Graphics 9.5 much better than last timesControls 8 smooth and easily accesableMultiplayer 9 great game to humiliate your friendsSounds 3 The soundtrack is pretty good but the anouncing is horrible
 NBA Street V3 is the best streetball game that EA ever came up with . If you thought volume 2 was good then you should get volume 3 becuase it is even better . You can create your own baller and give him or her a team or start the Street Challenge to build your baller 's reputation . The dunk contest is totally awesome -LRB- even though it is also totally unrealistic too -RRB- . You can play against your friends , make your own kicks , choose your ballers clothes from a totally huge wardrobe , etc. . It is totally fun ! The only reason I gave this game 's overall 4 stars is because of the little glitches that it has sometimes where the game ca n't really keep up with you -LRB- if you get what I 'm sayin -RRB- . But I totally love this game . It 's pretty addictive because it is so fun . Anyone who likes either basketball or NBA Street V1 or V2 should get this game soon . It is the best EA game ever !!! I hope EA will make an NBA Street V4 . ^_^
 Do n't listen to anyone who gives this game bad reviews . It is awesome . Nothing about this game is bad , except for the fact Bobbito Garcia should change some of his lines . The Street Challenge or `` Be a Legend '' as in Vol .2 has been upgraded to the fullest . Vol .2 's Be a Legend is about a 3.5 / 10 compared to V3 . You can customize your character so much more,fine-tuning to every aspect of the face , even watches , and jewelery , to custom shoes . It has it all . Following that , you create your home court just the way you like it , you can even pick from about 35 cities . A new thing is that when you up ur stats , its out of 99 , so it takes a while to boost your skills . You can still trade players to get better players after you beat a team and there are also new street legends . Stretch is back with oldies Bonafide , Dime , and Biggie Littles . Two new players to the game as Tacasie or something -LRB- he 's chienese -RRB- and Phat . And for the people that think NBA Challenge is gone , its not , its just called NBAtreet League and thats also in Street Challenge . Besides the sweet Street Challenge there is a new dunk contest . Its pretty unreal , but loads of fun . You can use props and jump over them -LRB- Benches , Ladders , Trash bins , etc. -RRB- , you can throw the ball up to yourself from a lot of crazy ways and angles , and when your in the air , you 'll pull off the sickest dunks you 've ever seen . The Gamebreaker must be one of the best parts of the game . Yes , the GB 2 is gone but this is alot better . You jump in the air and pull off the same dunks you would in a contest only you have teammates , so then you can throw the ball to them in mid-flight . You can even do a 3 man dunk show above the rim . You can get a best score of +4 and -1 to your opponents score . The lowest is +2 and -1 . The better tricks you do , the better the score . Everything is new and better in this game , even the graphics which are brought to a new level with V3 . So go out and buy the best streetball game you 'll ever own -LRB- until maybe a Vol . 4 comes out -RRB-
 With the third installment this game is awesome . The game is finally online and its awesome online . The graphics are mind blowing , and theres tons of new modes like the dunk mode . The only con . is that they took out some good players like M.Jordon . Plus the guy who talks during the game is lame . its awesome so rent it or buy it !
 This game introduces many things that the last game didnt have . It has a court customize where you can build your own basketball court adding banners , sponsors , new baskets etc. . The more SP you have , which is like points or money , you can afford more . The graphics are amazing and smooth and i ca n't find any game right now that betters it . The music is great , but i like hip-hop and rap style so if you 're a person who likes punk you may get a little irritated but thats my opinion . The gameplay gets very close to the real thing and its a pleasure when you get a gamebreaker cause its so COOL !! The dunks are seriously mind blowing and its fun when you get it in . I like playing with my family cause it rises the tension but its also a great solo game . I 've been playing it for a week now and im still frothing over it . Overall i give it a 9/10 and i think this is a game worth getting .
 This is a very well developed game in the NBA Street series , and i 've loved all of them from the original . The only bad thing about this series is that the games are way too easy and can be beaten in a very little amount of time , atleast to me they can , even on the hardest difficulty but still nevertheless this is a great overall game with great sound , commentary , and graphics .
 I picked up this game and id expect it not to be this good . It is such a blast . Controls are easy good soundtrack to it . This year they added online which is the best . Main points you can create a baller create a court to play on . The new dunk contest is a game breaker itself if you like the nba live 2005 dunk contest is good you will absolutley love this dunk contest its a little unreal but fun . Best Street game better than nfl street . Pick this game up if you love the nba.MAIN THING I HAD A PROBLEM WITH IS I DID NOT SEE MICHEAL JORDAN -LRB- MJ -RRB- IN THIS GAME I DONT KNOW IF I MISSED IT OR I DIDNT UNLOCK HIM BUT YEAH GREAT.Good graphics good everything PICK IT UP right now go hurry instant classic
 I 've been a fan of the series for awhile . One of the best games to play with a friend , but V3 lacked the speed of the first two . The graphics are much better than the first two , but what it makes up in graphics it loses in speed . I thought V2 was better fun , but V3 looked alot better . The announcer in V3 gets annoying after awhile , in V2 it was better . If you have n't played it before , I 'd get V2 just because it was funner to play . At 10 bucks for either , it 's a good purchase , and replayability is very high . Overall V3 is a good game , but if you do n't have V2 get it also .
 The newly released game NBA Street V3 is an improvment to street 1 and 2 . It has a new challenge , a dunk contest . NBA Street V3 has been upgraded with better graphics and new controls . The only thing is that some of the dunk look fake . Although in V1 you can have more player on your customized team then V3 . V3 has the latest allstars including Carmelo Anthony , Baron Davis , Lebron James , Vince Carter ect . in this game.In V3 you can customized your player . you can change his sneaker and give him a hair cut . Although you can customized there many features to deal with . There is a limit to the player you can have in your team . Nintendos allstar 's Mario , Luigi and Peach are in the Nintendo Gamecube edition . But the allstars move very slowly when they dunk , do tricks and shoot.NBA Street V3 is the best NBA Street game so far . Although V3is a good game it ca n't match with NBA Live 2005 . Which is still the best basketball game today , but V3 still shoud be played by everbody .
 NBA Street V3 is a GREAT game . If you have Street 1 or 2 , it is still worth buying V3 because V3 is so much better . Street 1 and 2 were really great games , but V3 allows you to have dunk contests , play on many different courts , customize players ' outfits and gear , and play online . Buy this game !!!!
 NBA Street V3 has everything this year . The new Street Challenge is awesome , since you are able to build your own court . The dunk contest is unreal , because you are able to jump over anything . The gameplay is better to , but Bobbito needs a few more lines.May I suggest some ideas for the next version.1-Use And 1 players against the NBA or against the NBA Street characters.2-Use some of the old players from NBA Street , combine them together , and make a little challenge out of it , sort of like a new game mode.OH YEAH , FOR THE DUDE THAT SAID TAKASHI IS NEW , HE IS OLD , REMEMBER , HE WAS ON THE FIRST NBA STREET , PLAYING ON THE ROOF .
 I have Grand Theft Auto
 This game is the best basketball game i have ever played . Even if you dont like basketball this game will make you like it . All i gots to say is if u dont get this game , your out of your mind !
 buy it buy it now 10 out of 10 graphics sound and gameplaysave your money and buy it
 yo dis game is tough no b-ball game can beat this who kares about wat others think buy this Peace
 This is the best basketball game anyone could want I have it and it is the best basketball game in the world so far ! Even if u do not like basketball get this game .
 + Controls - Not quite as responsive as the other 2 but pretty solid . EA Made the trick stick for one reason , so the controls are just as good on the XBox as they are on the Ps2 -LRB- xbox lacks 2 trigger buttons -RRB- So they tried to cover it up by making it sound so revolutionary on the PS2 . But you still can choose the classic controls like on the past 2 games . + Graphics - Very ggod crisp graphics , but sometimes I ca n't tell the difference if I am a Center Or A Point Guard . -LRB- Shaq and Dwane Wade look almost identical on some of the courts . But the Graphics are still a plus . + Gameplay - Very Similar to the other 2 games , but where is the NBA Challenge in this game ? My favorite Part was cut , But they really did A good job of making the `` Be A Lengend mode '' Better . Then They also added a Slam Dunk Contest , which happens to be very fun when playing with a Friend , and a create a court , where you basically ... build your own court . + SoundTrack - The sound track in this game is pretty good with a lot of 90 's Hip-Hop and similar stuff to that , But there is not enough songs . If you play 2 pick up games back-to-back you have probably herd everysong in the game , and this could get a little repetative.-Commentary - Oh Man ! Garcia Is back , and more annoying then ever!A lot of lines that were on Vol . 2 are back , but there are some new one . And of coarse He still talks alot about Food and Puerto Rico . I think Street 4 should have the Guy From And 1 Mix Tapes , he entertaining and he makes you laugh . OH BABY !!! + Educational - Thats right you herd it this game is educational . I love playin AND 1 with my friends , after playin this game for about 10 minutes i already thought up 3 new moves . If you like that style of Basketball Go for this Game ! You 'll start to get creative in coming up with new stuff like additions to the `` Slip n'Slide , '' and you 'll get new ways to make the defender turn around . + Online - Online is pretty solid nothing really wrong here . Can Play Pick Up games , Dunk Contest , play your Create a Team , etc. . Almost everything in the normal game you can do online.-My Biggest Complaint !!! Why Did n't EA wait to release this game until after the NBA trade Deadline . The game came out like 2 weeks before it and that is kind of annoying that now alot of players are not on their real teams . I 'm A huge Sixer fan , and they are incredibally bad on the game . If they would have waited until after the deadline Webber , Rodgers and Mashburn would be on their line up . Even The guy on the freakin ' cover is n't on that team anymore , Which I thought Davis was n't really a good fit for the cover anyway . + even though I did critisize the game in some areas , Some of the problems are minor , and this is still a 5 Star game.So Go Out And Buy It !!!
 This game iz off the hooks and Your ballin ' every second . Create Your Balla Make a Team . Fo 49.99 + tax fo this game iz nuttin i mean this game should be at least $ 65.00 BOY !!!!!! And Do n't stop til ' Ya Die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Buy It Now !!!!!!!!!
 This game is mad fun . I 've been thinkin about this game for a while so i got it and its insane . GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 was exactly as pictured . this was a gift for my daughters boyfriend & he loved them . Would recommend this to anyone .
 If you 're looking to buy any kind of video games , this is the best guy to buy them from . He sells great games at a great price , I 'm recommending him to all my friends . 5 stars : -RRB-
 My son loves the Street series , but I think that this is his favorite . He has a Playstation 3 , but for some reason he is back on his old system . I was so lucky to find this game . The vendor provided gast service and a quality product . Thanks
 I love nba street , since the first one that came out . This game brings the franchise back to life , with jaw dropping ground moves , as well as air moves . Very fun game , the type of game you never get bored of , and always want to keep on playing to get better tricks and score more points . The Gamebrakers make this game unique , and separates it from the rest , i have accumulated more than 4,000,000 in one game , i recommend this game to all nba street fans .
 I 've been looking for this game for a while and now that I found it for $ 0.13 , I am especially pumped to add it to my collection . The game itself is great ; it is just how I remember it when I foolishly traded it in 5 years ago .
 So I got this game a few months ago and I was really impressed . First of all , the gameplay and tricks made it such a hilarious over the top feel , that you have to love it . The courts are all modeled nicely and have great lighting effects . I enjoyed also creating my own court where I could play . The street challenge is really deep and will keep you busy on the singleplayer for many weeks . Its also a ton of fun just to play against your friends and see who can score more gamebreakers and points . Player models as well as animations all look and run smoothly . My only negative points are the announcer may get a little annoying after awhile as does the limited soundtrack . But nonetheless , this is a definite pick up for any basketball fan who does n't mind not playing a simulator .
 This was a great gift for my man in my life . He loves them .
 It is nice , it does n't have all different pictures on it and it is plain and great for kids !
 this item is good , but could be better . i think you are capable of making even better skateboards . if you make an even better skateboard , you will be able to get more buyers interested in your product.this way more people will buy the skateboards thatyou produce .
 I used some of the clear version of these as safety glasses and thought they were comfortable and adjustable to fit almost any face . Then I found they were available tinted and thought they would make good sunglasses . They are not dark enough for full sun .
 I was pleased with the look and feel of these socks . They are a medium weight and do not have that coarse interior fleece that most sports and exercise socks have , which is what I am after . Nicely made and a long enough length to reach up on the calves so they do not need to be so tight in order to stay up.I got 6 pairs in assorted colors and am back for some black ones too.Tiny little seam on top of the toes is the only spot that is not perfectly smooth and of even thickness.Sometimes my feet hurt when there is too much in the way of lumps and uneven thickness - these do not have any of those problems.I would have to say that these are a good buy and a well made product that I will continue to purchase in the future . Many vibrant colors .
 My son used these socks as part of his football uniform . He said they were comfortable and I was happy that they withstood the abuse week after week . The did n't run or snag like some other lighter weight socks .
 Hmmmm ... not really sure what I can say about socks that is going to excite anyone , so I 'll stick to the basics . I gave the socks five stars because when they came the colors were just as bright as they should have been , and after numerous washes they have still kept that bright color . I wear these socks pretty hard and there has been no tearing or running or stretching or any other bad thing that happens to socks . I would definitely get this brand again should I find myself in need of more .
 the socks are made well and long and soft and I love them . one thing I did not like is the red , it 's not real red but an off color I ca n't wear but other than that , they are great . note , each color is on separate order but came in one package ... joletti
 I loved the feel and the size of these socks since I live in a cold climate it is important to be warm and toasty
 They were the color I wanted they were a gift for a viking fan she just loved them she wear one color of esch
 Bought these for a costume . Arrived quickly , and are very nice , heavy duty socks . Would recommend , and may purchased other colors .
 Ca n't find them in stores anymore ! So glad I found these online ! They come all the way up to my knee and are very snug , giving me the added warmth for winter without the bulk , and no slipping down . Yes , the toe seam can be felt if you do n't fiddle with them a bit after you put them on , but it 's not a big deal .
 I was happy with this purchase . It is a nice pair of socks and I wear them often . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Was happy with this product . Did not shrink and was color fast . It is very hard to find brown - so was really happy about that .
 I have now ordered socks twice from this company . They have always arrived promptly , and in good condition . These are truly high quality men 's socks . The biggest plus for me is the assortment of colors offered . Going to stores nowadays , the color palette for men 's socks is very limited - black , dark blue , dark brown , gray , and -LRB- for athletic socks -RRB- white . Being able to order socks in multiple colors conveniently is a big reason why I 'll be ordering more from this company !
 a litle high , calf length , my orange-obsessed son adores them -LRB- he wears a 10 -RRB- . longer than typical crew sock .
 Right size , right quality , and made in the USA . Both son 's are travel soccer players and we have a hard time finding socks that have the right amount of stretch . They like these .
 Great material and perfect for the costume I got them for - decent price and good quality.Take care , God bless .
 Great bridle , at a fraction of the cost that I have seen in other equestrian stores .
 I was happy with this purchase . It is a nice pair of socks and I wear them often . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Was happy with this product . Did not shrink and was color fast . It is very hard to find brown - so was really happy about that .
 I have now ordered socks twice from this company . They have always arrived promptly , and in good condition . These are truly high quality men 's socks . The biggest plus for me is the assortment of colors offered . Going to stores nowadays , the color palette for men 's socks is very limited - black , dark blue , dark brown , gray , and -LRB- for athletic socks -RRB- white . Being able to order socks in multiple colors conveniently is a big reason why I 'll be ordering more from this company !
 a litle high , calf length , my orange-obsessed son adores them -LRB- he wears a 10 -RRB- . longer than typical crew sock .
 Right size , right quality , and made in the USA . Both son 's are travel soccer players and we have a hard time finding socks that have the right amount of stretch . They like these .
 Great material and perfect for the costume I got them for - decent price and good quality.Take care , God bless .
 I was pleased with the look and feel of these socks . They are a medium weight and do not have that coarse interior fleece that most sports and exercise socks have , which is what I am after . Nicely made and a long enough length to reach up on the calves so they do not need to be so tight in order to stay up.I got 6 pairs in assorted colors and am back for some black ones too.Tiny little seam on top of the toes is the only spot that is not perfectly smooth and of even thickness.Sometimes my feet hurt when there is too much in the way of lumps and uneven thickness - these do not have any of those problems.I would have to say that these are a good buy and a well made product that I will continue to purchase in the future . Many vibrant colors .
 My son used these socks as part of his football uniform . He said they were comfortable and I was happy that they withstood the abuse week after week . The did n't run or snag like some other lighter weight socks .
 Hmmmm ... not really sure what I can say about socks that is going to excite anyone , so I 'll stick to the basics . I gave the socks five stars because when they came the colors were just as bright as they should have been , and after numerous washes they have still kept that bright color . I wear these socks pretty hard and there has been no tearing or running or stretching or any other bad thing that happens to socks . I would definitely get this brand again should I find myself in need of more .
 the socks are made well and long and soft and I love them . one thing I did not like is the red , it 's not real red but an off color I ca n't wear but other than that , they are great . note , each color is on separate order but came in one package ... joletti
 I loved the feel and the size of these socks since I live in a cold climate it is important to be warm and toasty
 They were the color I wanted they were a gift for a viking fan she just loved them she wear one color of esch
 Bought these for a costume . Arrived quickly , and are very nice , heavy duty socks . Would recommend , and may purchased other colors .
 Ca n't find them in stores anymore ! So glad I found these online ! They come all the way up to my knee and are very snug , giving me the added warmth for winter without the bulk , and no slipping down . Yes , the toe seam can be felt if you do n't fiddle with them a bit after you put them on , but it 's not a big deal .
 I lived in this tent for 6 months from the wet and snowy months in South East Alaska to the hot and dry summer outside Fairbanks Alaska . A brilliantly designed tent , super light with plenty of room for one person plus gear . If there 's two of you invest in the vestibule . Well worth the price .
 Love this little tent , easy to assemble . Amazon is the best place to buy these types of things . Thank you once again !
 I know a guy that has one -LRB- Black Diamond Firstlight -RRB- , he says it is great , but to go with the Sierra Designs lightning if you will be camping in high humidity or a chance of much rain . I have used this one myself and love it . It weighs almost 4 pounds , but better for wet and still lightweight .
 Pros
 After 2 years since Volume 2 , E.A. releases a very worthy successor , NBA Street Vol 3 is definitely worth your hard earned money.Overall , Vol 3 is a must have for hoops fans , both casual and hardcore . It has enough new additions to warrant a buy even if you have volume 2 . The first thing I noticed is the upheavel in graphics . This game , putting it mildly , makes Vol 2 look like old school . The courts , the new dunk animations , the new motion captured moves , the teriffic new courts , and the best lookin ' b ` ball game I 've ever layed my eyes on . Vol 3 's grittier , darker look may be a downer to some , but one could never knock the time spent on it 's graphical prowess . But the game 's visual is not without faults however ... For still some strange reason , Vol 3 does NOT support HD Tv 's , widescreen is implimented thankfully , but HD support should be standard for every XBOX game , E.A. seems to be waiting for XBOX 2 ? Hmm , maybe next year . But even without HD , it still looks great , and most people with regular TV 's will also be right at home.The gameplay is a bit similar as last year , with the exception of a few minor differences . The big addition for XBOX is the addition of online play with XBOX Live . Collectively , you can play up to 5 other players online or 3 if you have 2 buddies to play at home with . 3 on 3 with each person controlling every player is quite a feat . Although it 's early on , and I expect things to get busy online at first , I did n't notice extreme lag , but I did not play it at a peak hour so no final word how this game will really play online . NBA Live 2005 seems to continue to have issues online , so I was surprised how this game played a bit better with no lag.Don ' t have XBOX Live ? No problem . You can play up to 4 players with 4 xbox controllers . How cool is that ? Multiplayer is where it 's at and this game has it all for everyone . And do n't think the game wo n't keep you busy , the street challenge mode will keep you busy for months.Gone away is the `` freestyle '' stick , but do n't let the game fool you , it 's still there , they just changed the name to `` trick stick '' . However , the trick stick allows you to do certain moves not while just dribbling , but also on defense , while shooting and dunking , passing , and even blocking shots . The more you use the `` trick '' stick the more points you score . Some killer moves like throwing the b ` ball at opponents head , off of backboards , between their legs and even off spectators in the crowd . And never threat , the infamous `` GameBreakers '' are all back only this time you can change a dunk on the fly while the gamebreaker is interacting with the trick stick . With all new dunks and player celebrations , you 're going to fall in love with this game from start to finish!The game also seems to have a `` home field advantage factor . '' The game requires you to create your `` home court '' in the street challenge mode . I noticed my players seemed to be more `` in the zone '' when I was playing on my home court I created compared to playing on other playa 's turf . Speaking of courts , vol 3 offers 12 realistic courts -LRB- indoor and outdoor -RRB- from actual locations throughout Europe and the U.S each with their own unique feel . Each can be modified with countless changes like court time , location , colors , spectators , lights , etc , all can be completely customize to your liking . Even better , all courts can be played at different parts of the day including night and eve.If the game disappoints , it 's the absence of Jordan and Barkley . This is a big knock for some , not as much for others , but the fact is , the greatest player that ever played the game is not in the game and it truly is a disappointment . I 'm sure you 'll come across others that you were hoping to see along with Jordan , but there are certainly some other big names missing too . I understand it has to do with licensing issues but weirdly enough , Jordan was in NBA Street Vol 2 , very weird . But although missing the greatest player in NBA history is a big strike , the lineup is still amazing as a whole . Spud Webb , Walt Frazier , Kareem , Magic , Bird , just to name a few.To earn the dozens of old school ballers , you have to take your created baller and your amateur teammates -LRB- that you chose at the beginning of the game -RRB- through a virtual season in street challenge mode . Take your baller all the way to earn your rights to play the best players today in the NBA and the old school guys too . You earn the rights to earn new players and of course earn your shoes . The game still lets you customize your player -LRB- boy or girl -RRB- to-boot , jeans , baggy shorts , nba sweats , sweatpants , jean shorts , tank tops , NBA jerseys , shoes , socks , loaded with tons of customization . Change your hairstyle , change your eyebrows , nose length and width , ear size , chin , etc. . . Word of warning , this game requires some serious playing time to get the items and attributes you want . It seems to take an eternity to earn skills and points to improve your player and get new ones . It took me a few games just to buy a new pair of shorts and shoes ! As you keep playing , you can give more power and ratings to your created player too as the competion gets more fierce and eventually you 'll run into NBA Players which really heats up the challenge.New to the game , is the `` morale '' factor of your teammates . Do they get along , are they battling it out after hours ? The morale factor keeps you updated between games on how your players are getting along . If you mix Rasheed Wallace and Reggie Miller on the same team , you might be more at risk for troubles . When the morale factor is low , players do n't play as a team and it might be time to get a new roster to keep the fire low.There is so much good about this game , I really ca n't say anything bad about it . I really think the two years off since Vol 2 is for the better as I consider this one of the best multiplayer games I 've ever played . Definitely pick up some friends or go at it online , because this is the best street ball ever and I can only see the series getting better as time goes on . It 's definitely worth your money .
 When I purchased this game for X-Box , my decision was based on the enjoyment that I got out of NBA Street 2 for PS2 . I figured that the 3rd installment would be at least as good as the 2nd . Believe me , it 's better . The graphics are very unique , much more three-dimensional than the previous version . I know that there are a lot of people that are disappointed that Michael Jordan is not included as a bonus player , but there are many bonus players , courts , items , etc. that keep the game fresh and as unique and original as possible . So if you 're in the market for a fun game that is n't too difficult to get the hang of , then this game is a great choice . It only takes a few pick-up games to get the hang of the controls , and the game just gets better and better after that . The only drawback that I have found with this game is the lack of camera angles . The available angles are either too close or too far away for my tastes , but I have gotten used to .
 This game can not be found in popular gaming stores because it was meant for the Xbox not the Xbox 360 . However , it is one of my boys ' favorite games and it will play on the Xbox 360 . The price was reasonable and shipping time was very fast . Overall great purchase !
 I 've played the predecessors of Street and honestly my favorite is Volume 2 but Volume 3 is quite fun and graphics are as good as they can be . Initially , I had a lot of trouble with the Street Challenge Mode but as I got a handle on it , the more dunkalicious fun I had . Highly Recommended .
 I love all the NBA Streets series . Missing Michael Jordan but who cares this game is still fun as hell . The graphics are beautiful . I 'm the King of this game , I rule this game . The best thing about is the slam dunk contest . So everybody get this game and do n't try to challenge cause I will defeat you 21 -LRB- Me -RRB- to Zip -LRB- U -RRB- .
 This game is awesome its got TON 'S of characters such as the beastie boys.I love this game.The only bad thing about it is that fruity dj cucumber ... whatever everything else is good!BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!! -LRB- :
 this game is so cool and its better than street 2 . it has cool graphics
 True this game is similar to vol 2 , however I ca n't decide if it 's easier or harder than vol 2 . I found that game play with the trick stick is alot more fluid than you 'd imagine . It comes with more tricks as well since you get a different trick with all 8 directions of the stick -LRB- and that 's without using the turbo buttons -RRB- But as easy as this is it becomes really difficult during game breakers as you have to pull off the moves yourself with this stick . If you try to do to many tricks at once , you simply fall and do n't get you gamebreaker . You also have to remember to pass mid dunk otherwise your the only one that dunks the ball . Besides this flaw stealing is way to easy this time around no matter how good your handles are . Power also has a big impact on this version . If your not very strong I found it 's more difficult to get a dunk off in traffic . The only other negative thing I can think of is that the street legend and earning skills took a turn for the worse . Vol 2 was easy to see where to go and what you had to do to get better . This time around your given a pick of different contests to choose from at various locations including your home court . I 've found that choosing the wrong one does n't get you hardly and `` street credit '' which is needed to play bigger events . You only have 7 weeks to earn street credit and build your attributes . I 'm in the middle of week 4 and only have 422 street credit and avg . 40 points in most categorys and have n't lost a game yet -LRB- 43-0 -RRB- . In Vol 2 you knew how many points you 'd get before you started playing somewhere . Since I mentioned it before earning money for attributes was fine in vol 2 since it went fast and your player got up to speed with everyone else , but v3 only lets you buy 1 point at a time and since they range in value it incredibly difficult to max out any one specific category . Do n't even bother buying shoes or anything else , since they do n't help you in the long run you 'll be wasting your time and money -LRB- did I mention that you have to buy players to add to your team and not just get them after you beat them , this gets way to pricy too -RRB- . All in all the game play is really fun , sometimes repetative , but really fun . My only hope is that as I progress it gets better and easier . I guess I was simply expecting alot more and hoped they would change the broken parts -LRB- e.g. tricks , graphics -RRB- not the good parts too -LRB- e.g. game breakers , street legend , atributes -RRB- . Here are my final thoughts : Game play
 With this 2 man tent you do n't need 2 tents
 I have had my Bibler Ahwahnee tent for about 15 years . When I bought it the footprint was 90 '' x 78 '' . I believe that now you get a smaller , 2 person version , but same design as mine . Old version
 We have traveled all over the world in this tent in all conditions and have never found anything better or more versatile.ProsVery lightA true 4 season tent in every wayBomb proof in all conditions -LRB- very high wind , snow , ice , rain , and heat -RRB- Very versatile ! Tight as a clam shell or open it up like a wind tunnel to just give shade on the hottest daysCan be set up from inside the tentConsTight fit with the fabric makes it much easier to pitch with two people -LRB- can be fixed -RRB- A bit expensive -LRB- but worth it -RRB- Interior is tough to clean because of the Todd-TexThe vestibule is a must for two people and packs due to space -LRB- get the vestibule ! -RRB- We have been using this tent all over the world and in every condition for the past 7 years and it is still going strong . We have several tents and have owned or used more tents over the years than we care to count . We are avid travelers and we have used the Ahwahnee in snow , ice , rain , high wind , desert , high and low altitudes , saltwater and fresh water trips , cycling trips , alpine , and everything else you can think of . We even lived in this thing for 2 years when we walked around the world . Okay , I will get on with it . The point is that this tent has seen a lot of action and has been put through the ringer.This is hands down the best tent that we have every used . It is built like a rock and still going after all of these years . We have slept in this tent with the bottom sitting in water and stayed totally dry . One of the other reviewers said that the fabric was leaking on their tent but , this is very unlikely . What was probably happening was that they did not have proper ventilation happening in certain conditions -LRB- especially in humid climates , like Ireland -RRB- . It is best to leave a slight opening at the top of the door -LRB- with the mesh door still closed all of the way -RRB- . A person breathes out a good liter and a bit of water when sleeping and it will condense on the walls and such if there is not proper air flow . Leaving this little opening at the top of the doors will keep everything nice and dry -LRB- even in inclement weather -RRB- . One feature that we were especially grateful for -LRB- many times over -RRB- was the ability to set up the tent from the inside . There have been many days when really bad weather hits and you just want shelter as fast as possible . You can fling out the tent , dive in it with all of your gear -LRB- zipping the door behind you -RRB- , and take your time pitching the tent while staying dry and warm . This is also a absolute lifesaver when you are being swarmed by thousands of insects that have chosen you as there next meal . On the down side , the fabric is a bit tight so it can be a lot of work to get the tent up from the inside with one person . This is actually not so bad in cold weather because it is a great way to warm up the body . As the tent ages , the fabric will get worked in a bit and the tightness will lessen , which makes set up easier.This is an extremely light tent -LRB- 5 lbs 10 oz -RRB- , you can not get this kind of ease and protection with many 4-season tents . The Todd-Tex material and single-wall construction is thicker than other tents , so it does not require the additional rain shell that many tents use . This reduces a lot of the weight and set-up time . The poles being on the inside adds greatly to the ease of set up and versatility . The additional , optional vestibule -LRB- s -RRB- are great additions for parties of two , because you have a sheltered place for expedition-sized packs , dirty boots , and a cooking area in bad weather . The versatility of this tent is amazing . We went through the most diverse weather conditions . Heavy wind-which can be endured using the guy lines -LRB- total of four -RRB- without any issues . Rain-keep the top of the exterior doors open just a touch to prevent condensation build-up , the small openings will be covered by the tents built-in visors . Summer heat-open up both external doors , and you have an amazing sun shade with more air flow than any other tent . Snow-put down your sleeping mats and cuddle into your sleeping bags , it will be a nice dry night.One other thing to consider is that the mesh doors are kind of a tight weave . This can make a difference on a really hot day when the breeze is not very strong and you want to keep out insects , dust , and debris . The mesh weave is tight enough to keep everything out but , the wind flows through it less freely than with many other tents . This combines with the thick Todd-Tex to create warmer conditions compared to other tents with thinner side walls and mesh weaves that are more loose.All things considered , this is the best , most durable , and most versatile tend that we have ever used . There are warmer expedition tents but , you would never want to try to carry one on your back -LRB- they are very heavy -RRB- , they cost thousands , and you will over heat in hot weather -LRB- without a cooling system -RRB- . There are lighter tents but , they are not nearly as tough or warm in extreme cold . This tent truly does perform better in every condition and every environment . It does it all and it does it VERY well !
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I thought I had gone overboard in purchasing mountaineering pants for an 11 day sea kayak expedition in Greenland . After living in these pants with lightweight SmartWool underneath and 10-year-old Cannondale bike rain paints over them whilst in the kayak , I stayed warm , comfortable and dry the whole time . This included a flooded Featherlight kayak , a 28 hour long 45 mph wind/rain storm , and climing from sea level to 760 meters -LRB- unzipped to stay cool while climbing , zipped up warm and snug at the top -RRB- .
 I love these pants . They are great . They are allowing me to take one less layer on a winter expedition because I can use them as a wind proof shell as well as a heavy base layer . If it 's snowing I can put a water proof shell over them . The drawback is they do n't fit body types that are not long and slender . I am in great shape but I 'm shorter and stocky . So I paid a local seamstress to take my larges Waist 34-36 up about 4 inches for a better fit . Now I 'm warm wearing a custom pair of Windstopper 34 waist 30 inseam pants . Other brands offer a short or a long version of their products which would work well when companies start making pants in S , M , L , XL , hint , hint Mountain Hardware
 Pad purchased for Ruger M77 MKII produced in 1992 , 30-06 . Gun is &#34; standard &#34; model , not the deluxe/express , magnum , or Hawkeye.The Pachmayr Decelerator Pad is coushy , as expected . Also , it is concaved nicely to fit users ' shoulder.The package states &#34; Ruger model 77 MK II bolt action rifle with lastest version sporter wood stock &#34; . The pad was maybe a half a mm larger than the stock the whole way around , which was n't a problem . Only the installer is probably going to notice . The screw holes did not line up . The kit comes with a drill bit with stop and new screws to install.I returned this product because I did not want to redrill my solid maple stock to fit a $ 30 pad . I 'd rather shape the pad to fit my stock.As a side note , on Limbsaver 's website you can print a 6 page pdf of all thier pad templates at full size to determine which pad would best fit your rifle . It helps to take your old pad off , make a tracing of it , and then find which pad would fit your gun . Limbsaver 's M77 MKII pad also did not fit my rifle . Limbsaver 's grind-to-fit pads do not come with predrilled holes .
 This pre-fit recoil pad was not a perfect fit on my uncle 's Ruger M-77 , but was good enough to satisfy him . Lengthwise it was a perfect fit . The pad was just a bit too wide near the top of the stock from side to side . It seemed to stick out side to side about the thickness of my fingernail .
 I am pretty pleased with this except for the fact it did not come with any tape . Fortunately , I had some red tape that I was able to use . I put this on as a second layer and had to do a little stretching to get it wrapped all the way . I 'm sure these are standard length , but a few more inches would have been nice .
 Cork tape , like many of bicycling 's great concepts , continues to outperform all modern attempts to invent or improve a better handlebar tape . Cinelli cork tape enhances handling , grip and comfort like no other .
 I love Cinelli products and have used this particular bar tape before . This team Saeco color combination really stands out especially with the splash look . My Cannondale Saeco road bike would be incomplete without it . Highly recommended .
 HUGE gun and nice shooting this gun if very nice and very big its an excellent buy
 I got this bag for a move out to CO and now I use it as my bed with a ground pad and a few blankets . I have yet to use it for camping . I got it because it was top rated on a website for bags for its economy and quality . It gets warm sometimes since I 'm indoors . Sleeping in it seems to fluff it up . some pieces of down bleed through the seams . I 'm not sure if that 's normal or what . I 'm pleased with it . I got it to replace an old synthetic bag that had lost its insulating powers . I 've been chilly in it a few times and put a blanket over it to cozy up a bit . Sometimes if it 's colder I wear clothes to sleep in it . It 's got a few features to preserve warmth like a lining against the zipper and an elastic cinch that attaches to a puffy ring that forms a barrier between the hood and the torso section . I think it will suit my camping needs come spring or whatever ...
 Seems polyester stringer tank tops are hard to find . I had an Otomix tank top of similar design that I 've had for years , but lost it on vacation . Bought one of these in a Medium -LRB- same size as the old Otomix -RRB- and it fits great . -LRB- I have about a 42 '' chest and 29 inch waist -RRB- . The material is polyester with zero stretch , so it has a thin sports Jersey feel to it , rather than being form-fitting . I prefer the looser fit for workouts , and it hangs as pictured . As far as the tag - I cut it off , now it 's tagless .
 the stringer/tank top has a good fit . the feel is better than most under armor .
 This is a great tank top and it does n't shrink because it is 100 % polyester . Make sure you wash it with cold water and dry it with very low heat .
 Perfect fit ... like people said , they run big . With that said , I 'm normally an XL and purchased this in a Large after reading other reviews . The fit is dead on - any smaller would be TOO small , any larger would look sloppy.Great material , great fit , great colors ! Will order again !
 Great breathable tank for yoga . I do n't agree that it runs large and wish I had ordered my normal XL size . The L is OK but the top is somewhat fitted . I prefer.looser clothing for exercise . The quality is fine . I did the same thing as another reviewer and cut the tag out so that the top is tagless .
 If you have the body , you have to wear one of these ! I got complimented the first day I wore it ! It 's a little loose on me , but I want to grow into it . Overall , I still look swole when I wear this . I 'm 150lb with a lean muscular build . It wo n't shrink on you like cotton materials .
 Only one problem is that if you were velcro weight lifting gloves or straps , these can pull on the shirts causing them to fray . In the gym is really the only time I wear them , so I may have to switch to the cotton ones .
 What can I say - if you work out and have muscles ... this is the Tank Top you want to have!Great quality , does not get in the way while working out , simply a great product at a fair price.I will buy this one again !
 String tanks with a `` medium '' arm opening -LRB- not clear to your waist -RRB- are hard enough to find ... but with such great quality and design ? The feel of the fabric is light to the hand , and VERY supple ... which not only feels great on the body , but like all poly , hangs and moves with the body MUCH better than cotton does . I 've a 44 '' ch/31 '' w , so am right between a M and L in most cases ... got the 2 blue tanks here in L , and they fit perfectly . I like the swale -LRB- longer -RRB- front and back , too . The `` navy '' is really the nicest color ... it 's a bit less `` shocking '' than the true blue , and since I feel a little pretentious just by wearin ' the thing to begin with , I really do n't like to being `` over the top '' by making SURE everyone sees me . I 'm back to get another navy and a white ... these are great quality , and God knows how long they 'll be available !
 I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it !!!! Its stylish yet great for the gym !!!! Going to buy him more !
 I think the reviews on here indicate the quality . The material is really nice , the fit is perfect , and it looks great . I would recommend a size down as well . I usually wear L t-shirts , XL sweatshirts , but a M in this is perfect .
 High quality fabric . Was worried about how the medium would fit me -LRB- 5 ' 8 '' 170lb with a 45inch chest . Mediums usually do n't fit me well but I was afraid a large would have been too long . This fits just right for my build .
 these are awesome ... i ca n't stand wearing cotton to the gym and it 's difficult to find non-cotton tank tops in the stores in my area . These fit really well and are very comfortable . i definitly recommend them .
 My husband loves this shirt to work out in . It keeps him dry even during the most intense workout . The only draw back is the price and lack of variety . It is not cheap and there are only a few colors offered . I have not seen them sold anywhere else either except amazon and the manufacturer website where they are a bit cheaper .
 I purchased these in size Large one size smaller than I usually order XL in cotton version of Pitbull and Otomix because this material has zero shrinking unlike cotton . If you like how Pitbull and Otomix cotton tanks look on these will look even better just order 1 size smaller than you usually do unless you like the tank to have a loose fit . I have tried every tank top from every brand over the last 20 years and these are the best I have ever come across . They wash up like new and will look great year 's later unlike cotton tanks . They also do n't stretch out of shape like cotton tanks do ; so toward the end of your back workout they still look great and not completely stretched out of shape .
 I 've had two cotton stingers for over five years now . I love the fit and feel during my workouts and just to lounge around in . Needless to say , they 're old and fadey and have a few holes in them . While I was browsing through Amazon recently , I came across this Poly Stringer and decided to give it a try . I just received my first tank a few days ago and was extremely pleased with it 's fit and feel - much better than my old cotton ones for sure . In fact , I liked it sooo much that I just ordered my back up yesterday . I highly recommend this item to anyone who does any form of exercise - it 's very cool and comfortable ... almost as if you do n't have a shirt on at all .
 This pin was great quality . I used it to award my middle school band . I was very pleased with it and the students loved it . I will be buying more of these in future years .
 I got this Pack at the beginning for the Spring season and it has worked out great . Very easy to navigate and plenty of space for everything you 'll need . I definitely recommend this bag !
 Seems polyester stringer tank tops are hard to find . I had an Otomix tank top of similar design that I 've had for years , but lost it on vacation . Bought one of these in a Medium -LRB- same size as the old Otomix -RRB- and it fits great . -LRB- I have about a 42 '' chest and 29 inch waist -RRB- . The material is polyester with zero stretch , so it has a thin sports Jersey feel to it , rather than being form-fitting . I prefer the looser fit for workouts , and it hangs as pictured . As far as the tag - I cut it off , now it 's tagless .
 the stringer/tank top has a good fit . the feel is better than most under armor .
 This is a great tank top and it does n't shrink because it is 100 % polyester . Make sure you wash it with cold water and dry it with very low heat .
 Perfect fit ... like people said , they run big . With that said , I 'm normally an XL and purchased this in a Large after reading other reviews . The fit is dead on - any smaller would be TOO small , any larger would look sloppy.Great material , great fit , great colors ! Will order again !
 If you have the body , you have to wear one of these ! I got complimented the first day I wore it ! It 's a little loose on me , but I want to grow into it . Overall , I still look swole when I wear this . I 'm 150lb with a lean muscular build . It wo n't shrink on you like cotton materials .
 Only one problem is that if you were velcro weight lifting gloves or straps , these can pull on the shirts causing them to fray . In the gym is really the only time I wear them , so I may have to switch to the cotton ones .
 What can I say - if you work out and have muscles ... this is the Tank Top you want to have!Great quality , does not get in the way while working out , simply a great product at a fair price.I will buy this one again !
 String tanks with a `` medium '' arm opening -LRB- not clear to your waist -RRB- are hard enough to find ... but with such great quality and design ? The feel of the fabric is light to the hand , and VERY supple ... which not only feels great on the body , but like all poly , hangs and moves with the body MUCH better than cotton does . I 've a 44 '' ch/31 '' w , so am right between a M and L in most cases ... got the 2 blue tanks here in L , and they fit perfectly . I like the swale -LRB- longer -RRB- front and back , too . The `` navy '' is really the nicest color ... it 's a bit less `` shocking '' than the true blue , and since I feel a little pretentious just by wearin ' the thing to begin with , I really do n't like to being `` over the top '' by making SURE everyone sees me . I 'm back to get another navy and a white ... these are great quality , and God knows how long they 'll be available !
 I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it !!!! Its stylish yet great for the gym !!!! Going to buy him more !
 I think the reviews on here indicate the quality . The material is really nice , the fit is perfect , and it looks great . I would recommend a size down as well . I usually wear L t-shirts , XL sweatshirts , but a M in this is perfect .
 High quality fabric . Was worried about how the medium would fit me -LRB- 5 ' 8 '' 170lb with a 45inch chest . Mediums usually do n't fit me well but I was afraid a large would have been too long . This fits just right for my build .
 these are awesome ... i ca n't stand wearing cotton to the gym and it 's difficult to find non-cotton tank tops in the stores in my area . These fit really well and are very comfortable . i definitly recommend them .
 My husband loves this shirt to work out in . It keeps him dry even during the most intense workout . The only draw back is the price and lack of variety . It is not cheap and there are only a few colors offered . I have not seen them sold anywhere else either except amazon and the manufacturer website where they are a bit cheaper .
 I purchased these in size Large one size smaller than I usually order XL in cotton version of Pitbull and Otomix because this material has zero shrinking unlike cotton . If you like how Pitbull and Otomix cotton tanks look on these will look even better just order 1 size smaller than you usually do unless you like the tank to have a loose fit . I have tried every tank top from every brand over the last 20 years and these are the best I have ever come across . They wash up like new and will look great year 's later unlike cotton tanks . They also do n't stretch out of shape like cotton tanks do ; so toward the end of your back workout they still look great and not completely stretched out of shape .
 I 've had two cotton stingers for over five years now . I love the fit and feel during my workouts and just to lounge around in . Needless to say , they 're old and fadey and have a few holes in them . While I was browsing through Amazon recently , I came across this Poly Stringer and decided to give it a try . I just received my first tank a few days ago and was extremely pleased with it 's fit and feel - much better than my old cotton ones for sure . In fact , I liked it sooo much that I just ordered my back up yesterday . I highly recommend this item to anyone who does any form of exercise - it 's very cool and comfortable ... almost as if you do n't have a shirt on at all .
 This gun has all of the good things about the other MP5 's , but has none of the flaws . It does n't feel light and plasticky like the other MP5 's , and feels extremely solid when it is shot . The improved stock gives it a great advantage over other MP5 's . The most important difference , however , is the EG-1000 motor . This motor gives it a very high rate of fire , which is something that made the other MP5 's very weak for many situations . I play in a fairly large wooded area , and this gun performs amazingly in it . Surprisingly , accuracy is not a problem , and the high rate of fire makes it a great gun for large areas as well as CQB situations . I would recommend this gun for anyone that wants to have an amazing all around gun that is great in any situation . This gun rivals the FAMAS -LRB- probably the best all around gun -RRB- in this way .
 Fits great under my ballistic best and is comfortable . The lower half of the shirt is suited great for supporting my gun belt at work and keeps uncfprtable pressure of off hips .
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I thought I had gone overboard in purchasing mountaineering pants for an 11 day sea kayak expedition in Greenland . After living in these pants with lightweight SmartWool underneath and 10-year-old Cannondale bike rain paints over them whilst in the kayak , I stayed warm , comfortable and dry the whole time . This included a flooded Featherlight kayak , a 28 hour long 45 mph wind/rain storm , and climing from sea level to 760 meters -LRB- unzipped to stay cool while climbing , zipped up warm and snug at the top -RRB- .
 I love these pants . They are great . They are allowing me to take one less layer on a winter expedition because I can use them as a wind proof shell as well as a heavy base layer . If it 's snowing I can put a water proof shell over them . The drawback is they do n't fit body types that are not long and slender . I am in great shape but I 'm shorter and stocky . So I paid a local seamstress to take my larges Waist 34-36 up about 4 inches for a better fit . Now I 'm warm wearing a custom pair of Windstopper 34 waist 30 inseam pants . Other brands offer a short or a long version of their products which would work well when companies start making pants in S , M , L , XL , hint , hint Mountain Hardware
 I thought I had gone overboard in purchasing mountaineering pants for an 11 day sea kayak expedition in Greenland . After living in these pants with lightweight SmartWool underneath and 10-year-old Cannondale bike rain paints over them whilst in the kayak , I stayed warm , comfortable and dry the whole time . This included a flooded Featherlight kayak , a 28 hour long 45 mph wind/rain storm , and climing from sea level to 760 meters -LRB- unzipped to stay cool while climbing , zipped up warm and snug at the top -RRB- .
 I love these pants . They are great . They are allowing me to take one less layer on a winter expedition because I can use them as a wind proof shell as well as a heavy base layer . If it 's snowing I can put a water proof shell over them . The drawback is they do n't fit body types that are not long and slender . I am in great shape but I 'm shorter and stocky . So I paid a local seamstress to take my larges Waist 34-36 up about 4 inches for a better fit . Now I 'm warm wearing a custom pair of Windstopper 34 waist 30 inseam pants . Other brands offer a short or a long version of their products which would work well when companies start making pants in S , M , L , XL , hint , hint Mountain Hardware
 If you expect to literally roll around in snow , this is the jacket for you . Snow skirts at the waist and arm and neck aid in avoiding unpleasant surprises . This is a bulky garment that , being a perfect medium , I should have ordered the small size . Why ? It is almost three inches longer arm length than I need , much bigger waist , and in general I could wear my puffy jacket underneath it without problems -LRB- but would n't want to do that unless the temperature were below zero F. -RRB- and because it has its own rather decent amount of shaggy polartek type insulation inside . It has three interior pockets -LRB- one with zipper -RRB- - nice . Exterior pockets have zippers , snaps , and velcro - you are secure ! Interior snow skirt is removable , Hood too . Big hood for use under helmet . White color is rabid , man . You stand out . Down with black jackets ! I scored this one on a late spring sale for under $ 60 !!!! Is this a street jacket ? It is for me . But if you want to ski or snowmobile in it you are READY .
 Alright , got this about 3 weeks ago , been playing around with it for a while and i got ta say , it looks sweet . the high collar makes you look like nicholas cage in the opening scene from `` National Treasure '' and the buttons which go over the zipper are sweet . Furthermore , The hood has one of those bungie tighteners so that you dont look like a retard when ur not using it.It has tons of features , pockets , anything u can think of . It has a powder skirt , dog tag , watch vinyl cover , special goggles inside pocket , and a big zipper under your armpits u can , well , unzip if u r goin to hike to the backwoods . it is quite warn , but definitly not bulky . good for wearing a sweatshirt or hoodie under . and finally , it is a little baggy , so i got a small . it fit me pretty well concidering im about 5 ' 10 '' and 140 pounds.So , to come to a comclusion of my rant , i will say for $ 150 you ca n't go wrong with the stylish and utilitarian Sessions leatherneck jacket
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I love these poles ! I have had them about a year and I use them now for every hike . They are easy to adjust . Simply turn the bottom of the pole counterclockwise to loosen and then pull the lower part of the pole out to the length you need -LRB- measurements are marked on the pole itself -RRB- . The poles have three basic pieces so you can lock the upper part of the pole once you have it set to desired length . The lower part of the pole also extends if you need extra length . The sharp end of the poles are great if you are crossing streams or are in terrain with mud or dirt you need to press down into for traction . And of course they are great in snow ! My boyfriend has a regular hiking stick that has a round rubber bottom . His round bottomed pole has not given him as much traction and support when crossing streams or slippery rock and terrain . The poles are light enough that you can attach them to your pack when you do n't need them . I 've taken these poles to Yosemite , The Great Smoky Mountains and all over Chicago Forest Preserves in winter and spring . I highly recommend Yukon Charlies 3 section adjustable Hiking/Snowshoe poles !
 I really like the poles . I like that they adjust to what ever length I need them . I also like the spring action .
 I 've always hated the cheap feeling of the typical thin plastic poker chips that make the light cheap-sounding feel when you ante in for a hand . What I wanted was the feel like in Vegas when you play with your chips while sitting at the table . If you want that same tactile feeling then these are the chips for you ! They have the same heft and solid sound that casino style chips have , giving you the same sensory experience as if you were on the floor gaming for real . Best of all , if you have an older style chips holder , these fit exactly into it just like the old cheap plastic ones . I have a really nice 1940s Bakelite set and these fit into it like they were made for it . Why not go upscale for your next poker night , impress your friends at Pinochle , or use them for other exciting games of chance ? They 'll be impressed and you 'll have even more fun than you imagined !
 Nice plastic poker chips for the price . It 's not even close to real clay chips but the quality is good compared to other cheap plastic chips.If you are willing to pay more than 50 dollars for 100 chips , look for decent ceramic/clay chips out there . But if you are looking for something affordable but not too shoddy , give this one a try.I personally like the bicycle logo design .
 Great quality , looks awesome hanging in my patio , makes it feel more like a sports bar .
 it arrived in time and was nice ; not really what I was looking for or thought it to be but it works ... have it hanging outside and looks nice in the sun .
 Es muy bonita ... nos gusto mucho ... es de muy buena calidad ... los colores son muy vivos ... es muy buen producto ...
 Puma products are by far the best ... I love my sleeveless and now have a number of them with lots of positive comments The perfect summer wear
 Although the one I received was greatly reduced in price because it was an `` open box '' item , it worked fine , but it did n't come with any instructions or manual , and the cooling thingy -LRB- I do n't know what it 's called -RRB- seems a little loose . We took it with us on a five week road trip , used it in the car and in hotel rooms -LRB- with AC adapter -RRB- , and kept a thermometer in it to check the temp . It stayed between 30-40 degrees . It fit nicely behind the passenger seat in our Camry , but would also fit nicely between the front seats of a minivan .
 Love this product it is my second one.The first lasted several years and I used it almost daily.Would recomend this to anyone .
 I 've been very happy with my purchase . My Koolatron kept drinks and snacks very cold with no problem . As other reviewers have already noted you need to power up the unit roughly 12 hours prior to loading it with items you want to keep it cold . This unit is not a refrigerator so if you pack it with items not chilled already in refrigerator then it will be a long time before things get cold.Whether my unit will be reliable long term I can not say but on my recent use I have used it four days straight without a problem .
 Fits right behind back seat of vehicle while still allowing the person up front to have a fair amount of legroom . The previous cooler I had like this was too wide and smashed the front passenger . Keeps cold foods cold and hot foods hot . Ca n't really ask for more than that .
 It is a very nice compact cooler , an AC/DC adapter is must . We have used it once for a short trip -LRB- 4 hrs -RRB- . It hold up the drinks and milk for babies as cold as we expected it to be .
 I fly several times a year to do cooking demos for aquaculture associations . This cooler fits exactly under the airplane seats so the flight attendants do n't fuss . Even when full of fish , it 's easy enough to handle by attaching to my rollaround suitcase in the airport . For several years I used an Igloo brand , which has since been discontinued . I 'm happy with the Koolatron brand so far . Adaptor is a must when travelling , for the car and hotel room . As everyone here has stated , cold food/drink to start with really helps .
 I selected this model because of the great reviews it got . They were spot on . Compact enough to easily fit behind the driver 's seat so that the front seat passenger could reach it easily . Large enough to carry the essentials for our trip . With the optional multi-purpose adapter , it is everything we needed in a portable , electric cooler .
 great product - use daily to keep water & tea cool - great for travel - fan a little noisy - great value - would purchase again - works extremely well
 I love this product . If you start with something cold in it , it chills up very quickly . I put 3 ice packs in it and they stay frozen for days as long as it 's plugged in . I 'm a nursing mom who travels , and this keeps the milk cold .
 There 's an outside fan and an inside condenser fan . The inner fan is like a squeeky wheel that can get on your nerves . I think there may be a problem with mine as I ca n't imagine that it should make that much noise . Other than that , it works great and is very portable .
 I got this as a gift from my girlfriend and i could n't be happier with it.I 'm a OTR truck driver and I really appreciate being able to take food & drinks with me.What I really like about this cooler is the taller & skinny shape it is.It fits perfectly behind the seat or in the cubby holes that i have in the sleeper.It also is a 12v type model so I have my running throughout the day while i 'm driving.You can also reverse the plug setting and turn it into a food warmer which i have never used.Its nice to wake up in the morning and have some cold juice & yogurt.For lunch & dinner i can have my leftovers & frozen foods in it.I feel this a perfect size for a solo driver , as it serves me well.UPDATE 4/11 = I 'm stilling enjoying having my cooler with me , its so nice to have milk & cookies at the end of the day.It keeps all my regular food cold too , like BBQ , wings , cheese , hotpockets , milk , pop , & juice.I have had this for 4 months now , and it works like a charm.If you do a lot of traveling or our a solo trucker , this is prefect for you .
 We purchased this unit for a road trip from Oregon to S. Calif. . We wanted to be able to buy sandwiches , snacks and bottled water in the morning and eat on the road , or keep things cold overnight . This fridge worked great , we used it every day of our three week trip , and could take it into the hotel to keep our bottled water and snacks cold at night . We also purchased the additional AC power cord . The unit is small , lightweight , and the noise is minimal for a fridge . The only down side is that it does n't cycle on and off like a regular fridge so things at the bottom and toward the compresser would freeze overnight . We just put the water there , no problem . Would highly recommend this unit ! We have used it several times since the purchase .
 We were so glad we bought this cooler for use on a cross-country road trip . It fit nicely behind the front seat , taking up less room then a conventional cooler . We bought the adapter so that we could take the cooler from the car into our hotel rooms at night . As recommended , we plugged it in a few hours or overnight before starting our trip to pre-cool the cooler and placed cold drinks/food in it.We also bought a car battery saver thinking the cooler would continue to run when we turned the car off , but infortunately it did n't work . All auxiliary power was shut off when the car engine turned off . However , the cooler did keep our food cool for a few hours while sightseeing and was not a problem . Definitely recommend .
 Product seems well made and arrived in good order . The only thing that I have found bad about it is the fan makes some pretty loud noise . I think it may bother me when I have it in a motel room -LRB- I also bought the AC adapter -RRB- . I have some experience with this type cooler and the others I have used did not have as loud of fan.On the plus side
 I bought this for my husband in Dec `` 08 intending touse it on our road trip honeymoon . We have gotten tons of use out of this.We use it for daytrips . We use it with the adapter to bring intohotel rooms with us . I love to bring some yogurt and small snacks andcream for coffee . It 's not huge , but it 's pretty roomy . We even use it during the holidays and for parties when there is not enough room for everything in our refrigerator . We have never used the heating part , so I ca n't attest to that.This unit is working for us today as well as the day we -LRB- I -RRB- bought it .
 This is the second Koolatron Compact I have owned and I a hoping to get as much life out of this one as I did the first . I am a truck driver and use the cooler at least 4 days a week for 8 to 12 hours continuously . With that kind of regular use the first one lasted about 6 years , which seems fantastic compared to several other 12V items I have used over the years . I have had this one for about a month and it is working great.As others have said , this is not a refrigerator . It cools the stuff inside to about 40 degrees less than the outside temperature . So on days when it is 95 , I stick a blue ice pack in for a bit more chill . Everything must be cold going in and you ca n't leave the lid open for long spells . That said , this cooler operates just as advertised and does so for years . I highly recommend this .
 I am a recently diagnosed Type II diabetic and am trying to behave myself in regards to eating - something rather difficult to do on a long road trip . I purchased the Koolatron 18 Quart in the interest of hauling with me yogurt , cottage cheese , fruit and other things people should not have to eat . I have found that this little rig works like a charm , keeping everything very cool . It is relatively quiet , too . The 18 quart version is rather modest sized , i.e. , you ca n't keep a weeks worth of groceries in it , but large enough to store the things I need for a couple of days at a time.My one complaint , as stated in another review , is the A/C adaptor is not included . If one leaves the cooler running off the car battery all night , the battery is dead in the morning . Thus , one must plug it into an A/C outlet overnight . So know that you will need to spend another $ 35 on an A/C adaptor to have a complete system that works well .
 So glad I have this , makes travelling so much easier when you can have some made ahead food and snacks . I purchased it in 2009 and it still works great . I also bought the Koolatron multi-purpose adapter so it could be plugged in when inside the hotel room which makes it very convenient . Make sure you do not leave plugged in when your vehicle is turned off though or you may have a dead battery . Because of this , you will need to make your stops short when travelling in the summer .
 This is exactly what I needed for travel to agility competitions !! I needed a narrow , relatively small cooler that could hold both food for me and food for my little Havanese . This is exactly what I needed ! I bought the AC adapter and plug it in one day before leaving . Then I fill it with food and water for both my little dog and me . It keeps everything refrigerator cold underway and upon arrival . Then in the evening I just take it into the hotel room , plug it in , and let it run there overnight . It is ready to go the next day at the trial . Then home ... and anything still in it is just as cold when we get home . PERFECT !!
 This cooler will make ice in a metal water bottle , pretty cold . The cord setup is better than other cooolers that i have owned also .
 it works get things cold . . could be colder . . what can I say . . ? I plug it in and drive and stuff get s cold . . and getting colder would be nice . . it works good .
 Always keep it in my car . Great for impulse shopping or for cold drinks on the road . Using it has become a habit with us . And , liter sodas or half-gallon milk jugs stand upright . No need to rush home after grocery shopping .
 This cooler was so handy for our Thanksgiving road trip ! Kept food and drinks very cold , and no sloshing of melting ice water ! Also worked in our hotel room , and at the football watch party we attended . Very quiet .
 We purchased this for my husband who is a professional truck driver . Unit was intended to replace his old coleman . The first Koolatron unit worked for a few days then nothing . Completely inoperable . Amazon was excellent about getting us a new unit very quickly and several months later the replacement unit is working as it should . My husband appreciates the smaller size that easily fits in back of his seats , in his closet etc. . We restock his truck every weekend so the more compact size was not an issue for us . The unit keeps a weeks worth of food at a safe temp . We would recommend this model .
 I keep this in the trunk of my car all the time . We have the large size of this cooler and use it on trips -- no messy ice to deal with . We live in a small town so when we go for `` big '' grocery shopping trips it 's a 45 minute drive and I usually stop at 2 or 3 places . This little cooler keeps my cool stuff cool while I 'm rinning around without taking up the whole trunk .
 This cooler actually started to freeze liquid after about 12 hours . It keeps things cool , that 's for sure ! It is a bit noisy though with the fan running non-stop .
 Nothing negative to say . Arrived fast , as I ordered it for next day . Cooled down fast ... must do that cool down time . I ran for several days straight with mostly drinks and some food and it worked great . I 'm looking for another occasion to use it sooner than later . It is small , but I bought it for me to be able to handle easily ... have n't used the heating mechanism yet . But very happy with the product . So glad I found it and bought it along with the indoor adapter . Does make some noise , but did n't really bother me . Another successful buy from Amazon .
 This is a very nice product but still would like to see a few more functional improvments . The unit works very well and seems to do what the product says it can do . Worked great for a two week road trip and was used every day without a problem . With that said I can see a few areas that this product could be improved . First is the electrical cable and storage . The plug to adjust the hot / cold setting does not work well for the cable to be used on the storage area . It is just a bit too long and does not allow you to wrap the cord on the storage area and keep things nice and neat . The Fan area is a very thin plastic and if the unit is pushed against anything the plastic cover runs into the fan and makes a bad noise . This to me is a weakness that should be fixed . It is a nice device and worked great for the entire two week road trip .
 I drive back and forth to my Idaho cabin several times each summer , from 1600 to 2000 miles each trip , with the outside temperature usually in the 90 's and 100 's . I pack drinks , snaks and bottles of vitamins/supplements in a cooler . But with ice , it is only a matter of time before ice melts and water gets into packaging or creates too much humidity . I used this cooler on the first 800 mile leg of a trip this week without problems . Yes , I bought the converter for 110 household current and yes , as someone noted it does make noise ... with the air conditioner on or the windows down or the radio or iPod playing I do n't hear the noise . It is slim enough to fit in the foot space of the front seat without problems . After I ordered it , I saw the same cooler from Amazon itself with free shipping ... I suggest carefully looking at the various vendors before finalizing the order !
 I have used this on two trips , one 800 miles and one over 3000 . I pre-cooled it overnight and filled it with cold items such as a half-gallon of milk , vegies , yoghurt , etc. . I like the way the fan is protected from being crowded and thus overheating . It had ample room for our needs . It is easy to carry , and to plug in in the vehicle and in motel rooms . For the latter I purchased the Wagan AC Power AdapterWagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter . This does get uncomfortably hot -- tho not dangerously so -- so I restricted it 's use to the bathroom where I could put it on tile instead of carpet . Excess moisture did not accumulate on contents . Another nice feature is the clever way the cord wraps up so it does n't catch on things like doorknobs . BEST OF ALL -- we were not schlubbing ice in , nor sloshing water around , nor emptying the cooler daily so it could be refilled , and everything maintained temperature nicely . I 've since purchased another as a gift . Change I would make ? Product is not noisy but I wish it were quieter still .
 I use this for keeping my coffee warm while on the road . I will usually get 3 large containers and keep 2 in the cooler using the heat to keep them hot.I noticed that the containers are wet along with the holders I put inside to hold the containers in place . Not sure why it does this but it does keep the coffee hot for several hours even if you unplug it after a half hour.Other than the moister it works like I wanted .
 This cooler does exactly what advertised . My husband uses it when shopping and camping to keep things cold . When he picks up warmed subs on his way home from work , he uses it to keep them nice and toasty until he gets home . I highly recommend this product !
 The Koolatron Kooler works better than advertised . Used it on my last 3 week vacation and always had cold drinks and snacks when needed . The unit set behind the driver 's seat and was very quiet . In the hotel room you can quiet the fan noise by setting the unit on the carpet . You do need the 120 volt converter for complete coverage . Comes in handy when your home refrigerator quits working .
 This product works very well . I use mine 24/7 and have had no problems . I have left it in my truck for two days without starting the truck . It did n't run down my battery and it maintained temperature . The outside temperature was around 100 degrees . I would and have recomended this product to a friend .
 Fit perfectly behind the front seat of our Cadillac . Cooler did an excellent job of working for our 3 week vacation . Our only disappointment was the directions not specifying that the blue and red dots on the plugs lining up with the arrow decides whether the cooler runs cold or hot . Also , make sure your food is already hot or cold , and the cooler has been running for at least 30 minutes , before placing in cooler .
 This combination cooler/heater is just what I was looking for ! Actually , I 'll probably never use it as a cooler . Moderately filled , it can heat things up to 150F -LRB- measured -RRB- in a few short hours.The only thing keeping me from giving it a full five stars are a few design and manufacturing issues . I do n't really care for the pigtail power receptacle dangling from the unit . A built-in port would 've been nicer , but I can live with it . Overall plastic forming and construction is good , but there was excessive adhesive that had oozed out from the heatsink area . These issues do n't mean this thing wo n't do its job . But it 's possibly something the QC person should take a look at to bring this product to the next level.Regardless , I 'm happy with it . So far it 's holding up to a fair amount of abuse -LRB- including being checked in with with luggage for cross country flights -RRB- . Would I order another if I needed one ? Definitely yes .
 The cooler itself is great . I have had it for over a month now so I ca n't speak to longevity but the short-term experience has been great . I 've used it to store leftovers , I 've used it to keep drinks on shorter outings , and to keep food on longer trips . Here are some ideas to help with different setups : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Use it with a deep cycle battery to keep it running longer , even overnight while stopped at a campsite , hotel , etc. . Personally I would go with one of the Optima YellowTops -LRB- Optima Batteries 8040-218 D35 YellowTop Dual Purpose Battery -RRB- because they are sealed , meaning they have less emissions and can THEORETICALLY -LRB- if you know what you 're doing -RRB- be used in an interior compartment if absolutely necessary . My previous vehicle had one installed in the trunk and my current vehicle had space under the hood . To use it in combination with your existing battery , you could connect both batteries to an isolator likeBlue Sea Systems Solenoid SI Series -LRB- 120A 12/24V ACR -RRB- orNOCO IGD140HP Grey 140 Amp High-Performance Battery Isolatorand you will ensure that your starting battery does n't run down and that your cooler runs your deep cycle battery down entirely and you can still start your vehicle with the other battery . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Instead of the Koolatron battery saver which does not seem to work for a lot of people , wire the Havis ChargeGuard -LRB- an older version is here Chargeguard CG12D -RRB- . Look on eB * y for good deals on that . It will keep more than just your cooler and has some nicer features as well . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Setup in the trunk of an SUV , leave enough room around the vents and tie the back part of it down with an appropriately-sized bungee cord -LRB- with the lid opening facing the back so you can open it normally with the trunk open -RRB- . The bungee cord goes around the back with enough room that it holds tight and does n't fly anywhere . This is what I did , and since the car is more likely to come to a sudden stop rather than an obnoxious start , it never moved . It is hidden , out of sight , and always available to store leftovers after a dinner while you spontaneously shop after dinner until you get home . The bonus side of this is that it is secure but also removable to take with you into a hotel room for instance . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Of course , I have mine plugged into a 12V receptacle that is wired to a switch in the front so while I am driving , if I decide I am going to stop for food that I will want to cool , I can activate it while driving and it will be cool and ready when I need it . Because it is not hardwired directly and still utilizes it 's 12V receptacle , I can still take it with me -LRB- see # 3 above -RRB- . -LRB- 5 -RRB- If you want to use it indoors with 120V power , do n't bother purchasing the overpriced Koolatron adapter , any decent reliable 12V power converter -LRB- at least 5 amps or greater -RRB- will do -LRB- such asWagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power AdapterorSchumacher PC-6 120AC to 6A 12V DC Power Converter -RRB- . I will be using the DC power converter that came with my 5.11 Light For Life -LRB- google it -RRB- . -LRB- 6 -RRB- You can also use this on its side -LRB- without blocking the vents -RRB- so that it opens and stores food almost like a real fridge . It will store leftover containers better this way . Since I mostly store drinks , though , I do n't do this .
 We just arrived home after a 31/2 month road trip . We needed to keep medications and food items refrigerated . This cooler fit between my wheelchair and my husband 's driver 's seat . It worked perfectly the entire trip -LRB- and got some rough handling on bumpy , curvy roads -RRB- . Everything stayed cool and safe . We bought the Koolatron adaptor as well , which we recommend , because you can take it into a motel room & plug it in w/o worry about a room refrig . 's performance . Make sure the BLUE DOT LINES UP WITH ARROW if you use the cooling feature , or vice versa for heating . The swing handle was a great design feature too . We plan on using it for many future holidays !
 Not too complicated . Just make sure you 've got it plugged in the way you want ! Will keep a small amount of food or drinks nice and chilled .
 We bought the Koolatron Kooler a year ago and find it very useful to keep food and drinks cool while traveling.To use this effectively both the cooler and the items to be placed in it should be cool to begin with . The empty unit will cool about 10 degrees an hour to about 40 degrees lower than the ambient temperature around it , and maintain it 's pre-cooled contents at that temperature as long as it powered on . Warm items placed in a warm cooler take much longer to cool , -LRB- the manual says up to 12 hours or longer -RRB- . We purchased the optional AC power adapter , so the night before we leave on a trip we plug the unit in and pre-cool it . The morning we are leaving we load it with a few soda and water bottles that have been cooled in the refrigerator . We also put in 2-4 plastic food containers that have been chilled in the refrigerator . One or more of those we fill with ice . The more space that is filled with cool/cold items the better the cooling process for everything else -LRB- less infiltration of warm air every time the unit is opened , less warm air to cool -RRB- . On our trip we then have cool soda and water to drink , and ice to use with the soda in a cup kept in the cup holder . If we add a room temperature soda or bottle of water the presence of the other cool/cold items filling the rest of the unit together with the action of the unit will cool that within an hour or two.The plastic boxes are mostly for use with `` doggie bag '' contents from restaurant meals . Assuming an ambient temperature around the unit of 75 degrees , if the other contents were already cooled to the 35 degree temperature produced by the 40 degree cooling capacity of the unit , a room temperature container of food will be below 45-50 degrees within a couple of hours . We usually have dinner left overs for lunch the next day , certainly within two days.The unit fits nicely in our sedan behind the drivers seat -LRB- assuming there is no passenger in the back seat that needs that leg room -RRB- and is easily reached from the front passenger seat over the console between the bucket seats.At night we take the unit into our motel room and plug it in with the optional AC power adapter . The unit can not be left plugged in to the cigarette lighter in the car for more than 4 hours or it will run the car battery down.There is an optional battery saver adapter that will shut off the unit if it overtaxes the car battery . -LRB- Buying that is the reason I have returned to this item on Amazon a year later . -RRB- That will allow us to leave the unit plugged in when we leave the car for an indeterminant period of time that could be more than 3-4 hours . But after 4 hours or so the unit will shut off to protect the car battery and the contents will start to warm . So , if it is in a warm place we still ca n't be gone much longer than 4-5 hours if we want to keep food edible.Finally , I keep an ordinary indoor/outdoor thermometer in the unit so that I can tell what the temperature in the unit is and am comfortable that food has not been subjected to temperatures that would make it unsafe to eat . -LRB- I think the manufacturer should build that in to the unit . -RRB-
 After going through a bad experience with trying to buy and then -LRB- in some cases -RRB- buying first a Vector , then a RubberMaid , then a Wagan Tech , and now a Koolatron , I can tell you that it 's a relief to find a well-designed , well-built DC-powered cooler/warmer that actually works ! Our Canadian neighbors to the north have done a great job with this unit.I worried about its 17 '' height and depth , but once it was decided that it was going to live behind the passenger 's front seat , those concerns became non-issues . In fact , its height is a benefit as long as it does n't interfere with the seat back when you lift the lid , as you can reach right in from the driver 's seat and get a can or a sandwich without much effort if you pack it well.I also worried about all the ads that portrayed it as being only a cooler . But after having so much trouble with other companies ' cooler/warmers , I decided to forget warming and bought the Koolatron without it -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . So when the unit arrived -- in its original box , no less -- I was pleased and surprised to see that it warms too ! Excellent combination , since I have consumer-issue MRE 's that I can now warm in it while I use my clumsier -LRB- and larger -RRB- Igloo Cool-Mate unit to cool other things down . And when I 'm not doing that -LRB- like when the world ends or Limerick blows up -RRB- , I can use it in the car as a cooler as I originally planned -- an ideal situation.If you need cooling in the car -- or in an emergency situation -LRB- such as a power outage -RRB- -- for medicines or for food , do n't hesitate to buy this unit . In my opinion , it 's by far the best one out there for its size and price , and I 've seen or tried almost all of them .
 I ordered , as a package , both the P20 Cooler , along with the Koolatron Muti-Purpose Adapter 110VAC to 12VDC , March 10 , 1907 I checked to see both item were in stock , both were.The Cooler arrived promptly on March 16 , 2007 . However , the 110VAC Adapter was back-ordered . With the Adapter on back-order , there was no way to check the Cooler 's function . There was no way to pre-cool the unit , since the recommended time was about 12 hours , and it is not to be powered by vehicle battery for longer than 4 hours without the engine running . Furthermore there was no way to keep the contents cool at night while in the motel room , unless one wanted to let the engine run all night . So for the first 2 months the Cooler was useless!The Adapter finally arrived on May 10 , 2007 , a full two months after the original order was placed . -LRB- This slow delivery is the reason for the 4-stars . -RRB- With the Adapter it was finally possible to test out the unit.The unit was completely empty , outside air temp . was about 80 degrees . I was impressed by the cool-down time ; a little over an hour to reach 40 degrees . Certainly the unit was not pre-cooled enough to fill with food , but the fact that it reached 40 degrees so quickly was encouraging . The adapter is somewhat cumbersome , but is easy enough to use and connect.I have used the unit on several trips and have found it quite adequate , provided items are cold when they are introduced to it . Warm items take forever to cool down ; twelve hours is not usually long enough . While the product may be cool-er it certainly is not cold . Extra frozen ice packs and/or freezer containers filled with frozen water help a great deal . They add extra cold air to the inside of the unit while frozen . Even thawed , they are still maintained at about 40 degrees . They fill up empty space within the unit , a REAL Killer
 Perhaps Koolatron has improved their product , because unlike other postings , my cooler cooled down in several hours , not 12 . My only complaint is a little too noisy , but that is a small price to pay for a reliable product . Also , I do recommend the ac adaptor . My unit is in my room now , buzzing away , keeping stuff cold . I called the company and was told that I can run it forever , there is no shutoff needed.One minor point
 Before a recent road trip we decided to invest in a portable fridge/cooler , which we could use to help us save money on buying milk and other items for our 2 year old . After researching a number of coolers I decided to go with the Koolatron Compact Cooler based on the other reviews.Before embarking on our trip , I pre-cooled the cooler as instructed in the owner 's manual . One thing to keep in mind is that the cooler does NOT come with an adapter , which will allow you to cool the unit outside of a vehicle . I purchased the5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapterand had great success pre-cooling the cooler . The adapter never got really hot even after over 12 hours of being plugged in.I filled the cooler to the max and plugged it in our car . Our road trip lasted over 12 hours and all the items in the cooler remained icy cold . On the trip back home the cooler was empty , so I did n't pre-cool the cooler . However , after making a few stops I had a few items to put in the cooler . After having the cooler plugged in the car for a few hours , without pre-cooling , I felt that the items kept cool enough and eventually became icy cold.The bottom line here is that you probably want to pre-cool the cooler ahead of time , but if you have something already cold you can get away without having to pre-cool . If you are throwing in some items like cans of soda , which are room temperature you definitely want to pre-cool . I only had two minor issues with the cooler , which prevented me from awarding it with 5 stars .1 . As previously mentioned , the cooler does not come with an adapter -LRB- AC -RRB- , which will allow you to power the unit outside of a vehicle . The owner 's manual specifically mentions that you should pre-cool the unit , but if you were to buy the cooler before reading reviews you would not know this bit of information ahead of time . I think Koolatron would be better off increasing the price of the cooler and including the adapter , since most people are going to need to buy this accessory .2 . The fridge is somewhat noisy or at least the fan is anyway . When you are riding in a car the sound is somewhat negligible , but if you are staying in a hotel overnight the sound of the fan spinning may keep you up . I was able to get around this by plugging in the fridge inside the bathroom and closing the door , which muffled the noise to the point where it was not noticeable.Despite the two minor issues I mentioned , I am very happy with the purchase and I would make the same decision if I had to do it all over again .
 My husband and I are over-the-road truck drivers . We keep this cooler in the top bunk which is the hottest part of the truck yet it still does a great job of keeping things cool . The size is perfect for 1/2 gallon cartons or cans of pop stacked two high . My only gripe is a design flaw which does not protect the fan . There is no reinforcement around the fan -LRB- such as styrofoam as in our other cooler -RRB- so if something happens to fall against the fan side of the unit , the fan is prevented from spinning thus burning up the motor . Even holding onto on the fan side in order to move the cooler is enough to stop the fan from turning . Other than that , we are very happy with it .
 This was a fantastic way to keep drinks and other things cold during a recent trip . It is easy to take into the hotels at night and plug into an outlet . It worked flawlessly ! You need to remember that the startup needs to have the pop and other items cold and the kooler needs to be pre-cooled before you put it in the car . It is a must to buy the adaptor to plug into an electrical outlet .
 I just drove from Pennsylvania to oklahoma.It took at least 4-5 hours but my drinks were quite cool.I think it was worth the money .
 The Kooler works great ! Keeps everything icy cold when my husband is on the road . He does n't have to worry about stopping for ice , or having the ice take up so much room in the cooler . We did n't get the adapter , so we just put a bag of ice from our freezer in it the night before he is leaving and it is cold when we are ready to fill it . Very happy with this product .
 This product worked like a charm on our cross country road trip . It fit nicely behind the seat of my car and kept water , soda cans , and leftover food cold as we drove from the East Coast to the West and back over a period of 3 weeks . I also bought the Wagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter , which allowed me to take the cold drinks from the car and plug them into the outlet in hotels and friend 's homes . It is a good size and fit our needs perfectly . No need for ice with this .
 We took this cooler on our 17 day road trip . It plugged into the back outlet on our van and easily fit between the seats . Because we were skeptical , we put a indoor/outdoor thermostat in it to make sure it worked consistently . The temp directly under the lid was warmer than the rest of the cooler so we learned to stack the things that need to keep the coolest on the bottom and things like water bottles near the top . We tried to open the cooler as little as possible while driving to maximize the efficiency . Because our van outlets do not run when the engine is off , we would ice the cooler on the days it would have to sit a few hours -LRB- we packed ziploc bags and used hotel ice -RRB- . We were able to pack lunch meat , cheese , jelly and other lunch goods for the whole trip without any concerns . We also purchased the adapter so we could plug the cooler into a regular outlet in the hotel room -LRB- in case there was n't a frig or to cool it down before we headed out on the road . Since many of our road trip restaurant meals cost $ 80 - $ 100 , this cooler paid for itself by enabling us to brown bag many lunches while on the road . Our only issue was not realizing how easy it was to accidentally plug in the cord the wrong way and heat instead of cool . This happened twice on our trip , but we caught it before anything was ruined . The cord has a blue dot and a red dot on either side of the plug , but both were nearly rubbed off by the time we got home . There is a raised letter on each side as well . That 's just not as easy to see . Even still , we are glad we bought this cooler and will definitely get much use out of it .
 This item worked well for a cross country trip . With the additional adapter -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- I was able to take the cooler into the hotel room and plug it in for continued use . The demensions work well for placement behind and between the front seats of my Toyota truck that has an extended cab . Great for sandwich making stuff , sodas , and the all important beer after a long day on the road .
 Update 1 -LRB- see initial impressions below -RRB-
 The Kolatron Compact Kooler worked so well on our trip from Texas to Ohio and back . Kept our water and soda 's really cold . Wo n't go on a trip without it .
 As I 'm a traveling medical professional , I travel in many different climates . I originally bought this cooler for it 's heating capabilities since I do a lot of traveling in colder climates . I can put in soup , or any other meal item and it stays warm and ready the entire trip . Since it 's in the 80-90 's , it has been a great cooler for beverages . Another idea is to turn it on it 's side for transporting casseroles -LRB- warm -RRB- or pies -LRB- cool -RRB- . Great item , not sure why I waited so long to purchase ?!!
 We bought this cooler as a supplemental refrigerator in our RV for fresh produce & milk . We paired this with the Wagan 5Amp AC to 12VDC power adapter . Since it cools by a fixed degree below surrounding temperature , we ran it during the daytime heat to keep produce cool , then unplugged it at night so it did n't freeze . It worked as described , exactly what we need . The fan noise is not loud , about the same as a small electric space heater . We have only used it with the Wagan power adapter so far . The power adapter got warm , about the same as a laptop adapter , but not hot like some others have described . We would recommend both these products .
 This is my second Koolatron cooler . I purchased this one for its smaller size . Have been on two trips where unit has run for several days . Works great and keeps items cool . It is very portable .
 BOUGHT THIS COOLER AFTER READING MANY REVIEWS ON OTHER PRODUCTS.I USE THIS IN MY BIG RIG ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT SOMETIMES.HAD ONLY ABOUT A WEEK , I CAN SAY ITS WORKING GREAT SO FAR , DRINKS N SANDWICHES ARE KEPT NICE N COOL AND FRESH.IT DOES COME WITH CAR CHARGER WHICH IS NOT SHOWN ON THE PICTURES . THE MOTOR IS VERY QUITE AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY NOISE.WILL ADD MORE REVIEWS LATER ON WITH MORE USAGE . !!!!!! UPDATE !!!! BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR ALMOST A YEAR FROM DATE OF PURCHASE , I USED THIS EVERY DAY IN THE SUMMER IN MY BIG RIG HERE IN CALIFORNIA WORKED GREAT , UNTIL ABOUT THE 10TH MONTH THE COOLER WOULDNT COOL ANY MORE BUT THE FAN WAS WORKING , I CALLED KOOLATRON DIRECT AND I WAS DISAPPOINTED WITH THE $ 50 I HAD TO SPEND TO SEND THIS BACK TO THEM IN NEW YORK , BUT HOWEVER THEY DID SEND ME A NEW COOLER AFTER ABOUT 3 WEEKS WHEN I SENT THEM THE OLD ONE BACK.BUT I THINK HEY SHOULD PAY FOR SHIPPING TO THEM WITH IN THE 1 YEAR MANUFACTURE WARRANTY .
 Worked like a charm for a 2 hour road trip and a week in a motel . The adapter -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- was a handy accessory to transition from car to outlet . No problems whatsoever . Highly recommended !
 Works fine when you run overnight before plugging in . Converter a must . One trip and it worked fine in car and hotel room . Did add a couple of freeze blocks as insurance but worked fine without .
 I ordered the Koolatron to carry my yogart , protein power drink and insulin on long travels . I commute 32 miles one way to the office and it keeps my lunch fresh . Remember though that your items should be cold already or from the fridge . It definitely does and job and fits nicely in my vehicle .
 We bought it to use on our sailboat so that we did not have to open the Ice Chest on Hot Days to remove luncheon meat or a drink . We use it with the AC/DC converter so that we use it mostly in port . -LRB- Do n't like to use batteries when under sail . -RRB- My wife feels that it works fine providing you cool it down well before using it .
 Ordered this in a hurry for a roadtrip . Placed order at 4 pm . Item was at my door at 10 am next morning ! Outstanding service/delivery . Cooler looks spacious and well made . Minor disappointment is the lack of 110 volt AC adapter . Out of the box it only works in the car . Overall , very pleased with item and speed of delivery .
 I have not used the Koolatron Cooler much , but so far it is working well . It appears decently made and I was happy with it for the price .
 I do n't know how this got on my list of things to review . I have never owned one . I do have two other Koolatron coolers , and they are great . One is over 30 years old and still going . I gave this a 5 star rating because Koolatron makes 5 star products .
 The Koolatron works very well . It cools drinks as expected and works quietly . My only complaint , thus far , is that I wish the product had an on/off switch . As it stands , it 's either plugged in and working ... or not . In order to change from cooling to heating , the plug must be reversed . Its a bit inconvenient to have to reach to the back seat to unplug it or change it from cool to heat or vice versa . A relatively simple addition of a switch would make the product nearly perfect .
 Works much better than the previous one that we had . On the trip from Washington to Arizona all our items stayed very cool .
 I bought this cooler for an extended vacation knowing some of our hotels would not have refrigerators . It worked perfectly and I did not have to throw out uneaten food . It ' e the perfect size for two people on the road . I also purchased the adapter which allowed me to plug it in to hotel sockets . I did use `` blue ice '' in it when I could . Very versatile !!
 Yes it does work as it says ! Used it for 48 hours and kept it all cold!Perfect for behind a seat of car . Seems worth the price .
 i have an extra deep cycle battery that i ran it off of and it drained it in no time so make sure to use it when actually driving
 On the road from wisconsin to florida 2to3 times a year , had for 3 years now , and works good , I would buy it again
 We bought this for an 8 hour road trip to store milk and snacks for our kid . It works really well and cools to 40 degrees below ambient temperatures . We even bought the `` Wagan 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter '' to plug in the fridge when we got to the hotel .
 The koolatron compact kooler is an excellent cooler , we went on a overnight trip to the Grand Canyon and used it . After cooling it down in the house before we left with the converter then loading it up and putting it in the car , it held the temp at 40 degrees . In the motel we used the converter -LRB- a must -RRB- to keep it cool worked perfect !!!!!
 So far so good ! Used it on a couple of 4-5 hour trips so far . Pre - chilled cooler then put items in cold and they stayed cold the whole trip . Actually fit a whole gallon of milk and a 1/2 gallon of juice with room for a bunch of smaller things up top -LRB- yogurts and a few bottles of water -RRB- Surprised by that ! I also bought the adapter plug to use when we arrived at our destination to keep it cool for the next days trip . Its quiet and a good shape . Fit nicely in between seats in out mini van . Overall very satisfied with our purchase . Accidentally plugged it in the wrong direction and ended up pre - heating instead of pre - cooling and I was very surprised by how hot it got . That would be great for transporting hot foods . Only thing I would like is if it had a latch to hold the lid down other than that I would definitely buy again .
 I purchased my first Koolatron product about 10 yrs ago . It was a larger 2 compartment fridge-style that I would stand verticle along with horizontal . It was great during our camping trips ; but I wanted something smaller to use while I was working during the day.I purchased this Compact Koolatron , and used it for 3 yrs in hot , humid , sunny Florida in the summer , where the tropics are unbearable . I always unplugged it , so it never did affect my battery life on any of my vehicles . It kept my lunches and drinks cool while I left my car to attend to my sales appointments . I would bring it in every evening , plug it into my wall outlet with the adapter , and refill the cooler each morning with my lunch that cooled in the fridge . I would keep my lunch inside one of those insulated lunch bags and my water bottles outside of it , with a small blue ice bag to add extra chilling.A couple of times I forgot to bring the cooler in at night , and put my lunch directly into the cooler that had been warmed from the hot , Florida sun . It took some time for the cooler to get cold ; so I would not recommend leaving the cooler in the car overnite during the summer heat.I absolutely regret selling both my Koolatrons ; it IS a great product , and that is why I am shopping once again for the identical Koolatron I used 5 days/wk for 3 yrs ; and also the adapter . -LRB- By the way ; I found the adapter at Sam 's for $ 23 !! Amazon 's lowest price is $ 38 !! -RRB- Yes , I did read a few negative comments here ; but I guess every company puts out a few lemons here and there . Humans are perfect ; even in the assembly lines . I 'm grateful that my two Koolatrons were wonderful !
 the cooler was delivered in just a few days . it fits perfectly between the seats of my minivan and behind the passenger seat of my sedan . it 's a bit noisy to operate in the house , but the noise is completely drowned out at highway speeds in a car . it is a good size and keeps things cool for quite a while even when the car is turned off .
 Works just like it said it would . other reviews helped me choose this over a different one . Thanks
 We had a full size Coleman electric cooler , but thought a smaller size cooler would be better for our planned road trip . We purchased the Koolatron P20 18 quart cooler . We just returned from our 5 week trip , and are pleased with the cooler , which ran the entire time . It fits nicely behind the front seat of our car , and the sound is not bothersome . The size and well-designed handle makes it very easy to carry into the motel room at night . The top opening lid is handy to reach into from the front seat of the car . We like the fact it is made in North America -LRB- Canada -RRB- . It did run for up to 4 hours when we were away from the car and the car still started , but we forgot to unplug it one night , and it did totally run down the battery.Accessories :110 volt power supply is great accessory . We plugged the cooler into the motel room or friends house most nights . We did use the Coleman power supply we already had without problemsRadio Shack indoor/outdoor thermometer is another great accessory . We attach the thermometer to the outside of the cooler or car seat with double sided tape and run the wire and probe to the inside of the cooler . This gives a reading for both car and cooler temperature.Koolatron Battery Saver did not work for us . We purchased this accessory after our return home because of the dead battery incident . Although we already knew the car would still start after 4 hours , this is probably too long . We wanted to keep the cooler running for stops on the next road trip , but to shut off before the battery got too low . We tried 2 of these units in 4 different cars , and the greatest time the battery saver would allow the cooler to run was about 4 minutes after shutting off the car engine . We did discuss this issue with Koolatron customer service , but did n't come up with a satisfactory solution . We did like the fact that Koolatron does have someone to talk to without a long wait , which is rare today .
 I recently purchased one of these coolers and am very pleased with how well it worked , as quiet as a whisper . The power consumption is reasonable . If battery drain is a concern , once the Koolatron is cold you can unplug it for a while and it will stay cool for quite some time.The only thing I had to watch out for was that it froze my soda pop because I used it in a cool environment when it should have been switched off . Only the things in the very bottom of the cooler froze . Everything else was just fine.The Koolatron is attractive with contemporary colors - white , beige , and grey . It 's slender rectangular profile is proportioned for pop or beer cans to fit perfectly . It 's a well thought out product worth what they are asking for it . Cool stuff.Overall , I am very happy with this purchase and am excited that I finally have a safe means for storing food in my camper van .
 The only downside to this cooler , that is perfect for travel , is the exorbitant price increase recently . Up until a month ago , the 110volt adaptor was included in Amazon 's price of $ 110.00 Surely it could n't have gone up 30 % overnight . Shame on you .
 Purchased this cooler two years ago and have been very pleased . Have taken it on auto trips and on the train . Be sure to buy the AC/DC adapter . It is well worth the money .
 Item arrived in good time . Planning 3000 mi . trip . Will be put to the test . Have used it as recommended in instructions and worked fine . Fan very quiet , nice fit behind seat , filled with 24 cans of pop that had been refriged and they stayed cold after 2hr . drive , and still cold in morning after sitting overnight with power off . I give this cooler a A + on function , have not tried the heat mode yet , maybe next winter .
 We bought this cooler to keep baby formula cool while traveling on vacation . Turned out to be very handy in the car and in the hotel room -LRB- Using the power adapter -RRB- . Besides the baby food , we were able to sneak in six cans of pop , several juice bottles , oranges and grapes , and my favorite , a tall bottle of wine ! All with some room to spare . Great product ! Did exactly what they said it would do .
 I expected the case to be a bit wider in the compartments than it was as I had hoped it would accommodate the bullets primer down . But with my intended rounds -LRB- 7.62 x54r -RRB- they must be stored point down and there is some slop in the compartments as a result.It 's better than the bag it replaced , but still not 100 % .
 Pros
 Works great for carrying 50 rounds of .30 -06 ammo to the shooting range and holding the spent brass . A very good value .
 The box is sturdy and the mechanical hingle moves smoothly . I prefer the two piece flip-tops because of this hinge type ; it allows the lid to swing clear of the cartridges.The other type commonly found are called living hinges , which is a one piece design and the hinge is just the plastic between the top and bottom flexing and folding .
 I bought this box for my 7.62 X54R Russian ammo . These are rimmed so usual ammo boxes do not allow the rounds to fit well . This critter works and I can pull rounds out with no issues . I just bought a second one . the real hinge is a plus , this box should last about forever .
 It 's a green box and you put shells in it . What 's not to like ? The description says it holds 50 , and sure enough , it holds 50 .
 Was hoping it would be just right for 30-06 . Could be tighter so shells would n't flop around . Why do I have to add 3 more words ? What I put in here should be enough to describ the way I look at it !
 I wanted a cheap , efficient way to store ammo outside of cardboard due to moisture concerns , and MTM delivered . I bought several and they are great products for an excellent price . I ordered more after I received the first batch .
 It does what it 's supposed to do . Holds ammo . The box is a good way to organize larger ammo . Worked great for my Mauser 8mm as well .
 This is much nicer than the old style plastic ammo boxes . The actual hinge makes it stay open and insures a long life . The see through cover is nice and the snap latch is secure . I will buy more of these as needed .
 I had such wonderful results with the Dancer 's Body workout , I was eager to try a new video from The Bar Method line of dvd 's . The workout in Super Sculpting II is nearly identical to Dancer 's Body w / a few variations . I think the Dancer 's Body is a more rigorous workout and will continue to use that as my main workout video but will turn to Super Sculpting II on days I am not as energetic . Overall , I am so impressed with the way my body has changed in less than one week I am a convert for life . I had been doing Bikram Yoga religiously , and while I stayed very thin , my muscle tone was awful . My butt looked like a garbage bag of oatmeal - no shape at all . At 44 I was not ready to resign myself to the mediocrity of an aging saggy butt . I have been on the search for THE workout to end all workouts and ladies this is IT . In addition to the yoga , I would drag myself at the ungodly hour of 4 am to the gym and pummel myself on the stair master for 45 min and still no results . Now I workout much less and see AMAZING results . Burr is right , trying to count how many calories burned in a workout is meaningless . I would strive for 1400 cal each day at least . Clearly , I was eating up my muscle and looking worse and worse . Thin and flabby is not a good look . Start The Bar Method and you WILL see amazing results . I can not believe that I do n't have to sweat until I am soaking wet in order to get fit .
 I went to a pure barre class in Cincinnati , OH and absolutely loved it . However , I did n't love the prices . I bought this DVD after reading another review on here that said it was amazing . Sure enough , I 'm in love ! I have noticed a big difference in 4 weeks ! My jeans did n't fit we 'll during the holidays in the waist , and now they are perfect ! Oh and that was just after 4 classes . I must admit though , I am a bit of a health nut , so I eat pretty well . You wo n't get good results if you do the bar method then run to McDonald 's afterwards . That being said , the DVD is fantastic and the only one I will do at home . Other at home workouts make me bored . But this one , you really have to focus on your form and what you 're doing . And you WILL be sore after this and hurt in places you never knew you had . It 's totally worth it though . I must also mention that this DVD is MUCH much cheaper at the bar method website -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- .
 I loved the workout in this DVD although it was short . The workout is tough & you 're legs , abs and back will be in pain during and post workout . My legs were shaky throughout the workout and I had to take regular breaks doing the abs workout . The excercises in this DVD are great in that they teach you proper form and introduce some new workouts to your routine , so even when you do n't have the time to exercise , you can still manage to do some of these workouts on your own .
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I purchased this product recently to take on a 4500 mile road trip . My car has two 12V accessory outlets which are fused with a single 15A fuse . I was planning to run the GPS unit from one and the Koolatron from the other . The first problem surfaced when I discovered that the 12V plug would not stay plugged in to the outlet ; the spring clips on the side were set back about 1/4 '' relative to those on the GPS 12V plug ; this forced the plug out of the outlet . When I held the plug in , it then blew the fuse twice . Koolatron seems willing to work with me on the plug size issue - they claim they use industry standard , but they do recommend using a cigarette lighter outlet -LRB- more power -RRB- . Nothing in the Koolatron literature indicated that it drew above 5A , so the fuse issue is still a question . Since we could not cool during the road travel , we religiously took the cooler into the hotel room and cooled overnight using the AC adapter . This worked very well , just a little noisy unless we could keep it in the bathroom and close the door . The big problem I noticed is that the insulation capacity must not be very high , since during the day -LRB- when we could n't run off 12V -RRB- the inside of the cooler warmed up significantly . I suspect the problem is that the cooling fan port is a direct inlet to the interior , making heat exchange with the external environment easy and faster than a normal cooler . The lid design , handles , and wheels are very functional . Hopefully I 'll get my two issues solved and then be able to use this as intended .
 Not only was I very pleased with the performance of the cooler-it kept the temperature of the contents in the high thirty 's or lower forty 's -LRB- depending on the outside temperature -RRB- . However , one disappointment-the first time I used the cooler I noticed the hinges on the larger door were broken/cracked . I do n't know if this was received as damaged or we broke them on our first trip using the cooler . I received a set of replacement hinges within three days after I contacted Koolatron customer service . Their service and support is great and they were very pleasant to work with . All in all , I do not regret making this purchase .
 I really like this product . Having it do hot and cold is a great feature . It gets pretty cold -LRB- have n't used the hot yet -RRB- and it is very quiet . Capacity is good . I would recommend buying the AC adapter to that you can pre-cool and pre-heat it prior to a road trip . The little door is great for quick access . I have n't needed to use it like a mini-fridge yet but it 's good to know that it 's possible . Good bang for the buck .
 Good product , reasonable price . Have only used the cooler , not the warmer feature , but it worked as promised .
 Sweet ... prompt delivery ... everything intact ... works as advertised ... what more can one ask for ?
 We purchased this for traveling , and the first time I used it , I plugged it in upside down and got heated food instead of cooled , so be very careful . Otherwise , it is great for long trips .
 I have two of these on my sail boat . I use one for cold drinks and the other for refrigerated foods . Food items that will go bad quickly if unrefrigerated will last a long time in this unit . These have kept items from spoiling for many months . And they will keep frozen food items frozen long enough for your picnic or other one day events .
 I love the product , but was so terribly disappointed in Amazon and their service ... or lack thereof . It was a horrible experience with lie after shipping date lie . I did n't end up receiving my product in time for the event I 'd ordered it for - my parent 's anniversary - thus missing the opportunity to give it to them in time for their big trip they were embarking on . All in all , it was devastating .
 I received the item within the expected time period and in good condition .
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I received this bag recently and have not used it but I like the look of it.I do n't scuba dive or anything professional like that but I have a baby and a toddler , and I 've been getting tired of carrying 2-3 big bags to fit all our stuff -LRB- floaties , sand toys , picnic mat , beach towels etc. , etc -RRB- when we go swimming.This bag is huge . Will definitely fit everything -LRB- swimming stuff for 2 grown ups & 2 little kids -RRB- . The sewing on the zipper looks very sturdy . And it has the back-pack style straps as shown in the picture , which I think will come very handy . It also has the mesh and some holes to let out water . All in all , everything looks very good so far . I gave it 4 stars only because I have not used it -LRB- although I have put some stuff in it and carried it around ... it feels fine -RRB- and also because I tend not to read 5 star rating reviews thinking that probably the manufacturer wrote it.I will review it again if I do n't like it after to I put it to use .
 This thing is wonderful from the moment you mount it and ease back to level and then to a slight downward incline . It balances your weight so you feel a sense of weightlessness . I felt the pressure on my groin ease up as I tilted back a little . I heard my back gently snap once . Something eased back into place or had some pressure relieved from it . It 's very relaxing and soothing to just gently rock back and forth a little bit without even trying to go for full inversion . All the people on Amazon who said they wish they had gotten one of these years ago instead of making so many trips to the chiropractor were speaking utter truth !
 I went to Play It Again Sports looking to buy a Teeter . I just figured I would need to decide between the 550 or the 950 model . When I went in the store the rep said I picked a good time to get a table as they had 6 different models available . He told me to try them all . The Stamina was the most comfortable and it was easy to get on with the long handles going all of the way down . Even better is the easy ankle release system . Even though the Teeter 550 was $ 20 less I bought the Stamina because it had more features and was more comfortable to use . Very happy with my back pain relief since purchased . I have combined the use of the Stamina with daily stretching and seeing my chiropractor . I feel better than I have in years.NOTE
 The product is very sturdy , and well built , and performs exactly as I had hoped , allowing me to invert up to 180 degrees . The assembly directions should be clearer , as it was difficult to understand some steps .
 I have had back problems for years . I go to a massage therapist almost every other week costing me $ 250 a month . Although I will continue with the messages , this is a great investment . It was relatively easy to assemble , although the instructions could be a bit better . The machine is solid . I never feel concerned about its stability and the movement is smooth . I have spent thousands of dollars on massage chairs , back stretchers , lumbar support , etc. . And I am convinced that this contraption , which was the least I have spent on an item , will have the greatest impact . In fact , I already feel an inch taller -LRB- key word is `` feel '' -RRB- . I just wish it were a bit more compact or easier to store . My place is a small condo with limited space . But that 's a minor point .
 Love my inversion table , use it every day . Only complaint is the directions leave a little to be desired , and had to do some guessing here and there , but got it done eventually .
 We found it easy enough to assemble . For the money , it is a good inversion system .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000N41AK2/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleNo problems . We love it .
 I really like this holster ; Bianchi makes a great product ! This holster is durable/well made and great for conceal carry . My H&K P2000 fits perfect in it . This is my 3rd Bianchi holster -LRB- I still have/use all of them -RRB- .
 perfect.the best reel i have ever owned.easy to use , very durable , i would buy another one i would recomend this reel to everyone .
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 Back in the mid-70 's I scraped together the $ 75 it took to buy a `` German Steel '' knife . Back then my main recreation was hunting so the knife saw a good bit of use , everything from rabbits and squirrels to deer to large wild pigs . The blade is thick enough to stand up well to cutting through the animal 's brisket . The long sweep of the blade and the narrow point is just what 's needed for skinning . But , what I really liked about the knife was its ability to stay sharp past the field dressing through the skinning and field quartering of the game . In fact many times I continued to use the knife when we were back at the house de-boning , processing and packaging the meat.I am finally retiring that knife and the reason I am submitting a review is I am about to pay the knife the highest compliment and buy another like it to use for the next 30 years .
 While I was serching for a new survival/camp knife I came apon this beautiful knife , and I decided I also needed dedicated hunting knife.The first thing I noticed when I recieved it was the sheath , and as others have commented is very good quality leather and stays secure on my belt , and with the assistance of web straps and the leather lanyard at the bottom -LRB- for secureing the bottom of the sheath to your leg -RRB- secures to my pack quite nicely.The knife its self is elegant and simple . It is handmade with 440c stainless with a Rockwell Hardness of 57-60 . It was designed with a function wich it prefroms well with and I could see it handling other tasks as well . Some people have pointed out to me that my knife has a ding or a dent in it , that is the spot that they tested the hardness . I dont see the problems others have mentioned with the rivots , mine are flush with the antler . The blade came very sharp and has held its edge so far . However this is only after one use on a mule dear and one use on a cyote . Its a beast as a steak knife : -RRB- The one issue that I have with this knife is the size of the handle . Length and thickness is fine , I just wish it had a little more depth to it and filled up my hand a little bit more , does n't fit in my hand very well . However this has not detered from its funtionality , I just have to adjust my grip every once in a while . Also on a minor note my finger guard wiggles a tiny bit which again does not effect the knifes preformance or , in my opinion , quality.Even with the grip issue I would not hesitate to get this knife and I am planning on getting it for others as chistmas gifts .
 The product is great , and was shipped in the correct date . There is nothing more to say but the service is exceptional .
 If you are looking for a well made fixed blade hunting knife , this knife is a classic style that is as well made as you will find . The rivets are large and not fully recessed to give the handle more material under the rivets , so the handle will be alot less likely to crack . The blade is sharpe and beautiful with plenty of up-sweep to allow for an easy job when skinning . I love to show this knife to friends it is a piece of art as well as an extremely well made durable tool.The sheath is the best that I have seen . It is made of very thick rigid leather that will not flop over when on the belt . The snap closure holds the knife securly and when I am crawling through mountain laurel or working my way down a rock face , I feed the lanyard , that is attached to the top of the sheath , through the brass grommet in the handle . If you loose this knife out of your sheath it will be because of human error , not Puma error .
 Consider these more like all rubber bungies , than serious snubbers unless you boat is under 18 feet . If you keep these aboard they are likely to come in handy for various uses . Looks like good UV resistant material .
 Bought this as a texas instrument kit replacement . The lamp had the same specs as the original , and performed without issues .
 This Cyma mp5 lasted a few years before my kid broke the plastic outer shell by hevy handed use and dropping multiple times on cement.It shot pretty well and straight for the price , it wont pierce a can or hard material but will give you unlimited fun at a cheap price.I now have a custom TM with a battery that cost more than this whole gun.Its an expensive hobby ! This is a great little airsoft entry weapon for newbs and kids to get into airsoft !!!!!
 A Xmas gift not much else to say lots of cool gadgets and stuff in it I am sure my nephew will like it
 This gun is over all great . From the box , the battery has a bit of a charge , and after that wears out you have to charge it for like 8 hours . That 's fine though , because it lasts a while . Jams a lot at first but once you use it for a while , it stops . Has a nice feel . Some metal parts . Great rate of fire . If using a lower cap . mag though , put it on semi auto , or you will run out really fast . Feels very sturdy . Extendable stock is great . Laser sight is mostly for decoration , as is with all LPEGS . Rail and scope are thankfully removable . Idk if this one does but the one of this model from HotImportToys came with a shoulder strap , speed loader , gun unjammer , screwdriver , charger , and some bb 's . Took about 20 minutes for me to figure out and set up . Has an option to turn off the hop-up , definitely do this . Even at .20 grams , it takes over the bullet and sends it flying upwards . This makes it go farther but makes the bullet unpredictable . Definitely use .2 gram bb 's or heavier . battery case is easily accessible but does not fall off . Overall , this is a great gun for beginners or experienced players . I thought it would be bad for how much i got it , but I 've seen way worse guns for twice as much.Pros : - rate of fire-sturdy-hop-up switchCons : - Jamming-magazines hard to work with-terrible accuracy with hop up on.-runs out of ammo quickly of full autoanother thing . Some people said that on auto the ammo runs out in like 5 seconds on hi cap . that is a complete exxageration and it does n't fire THAT fast . that said , the ammo lasts longer on semi auto , obviously . consider a side arm when buying this . -LRB- just a spring pistol is fine . I got a colt 1911 with it . -RRB-
 To whom this may concern , I got this online and the shipping was great ! I am very pleased with this airsoft gun , my son has played with this just about everyday since he got it from the shipper . I am going to get another for myself , so I can get out there with them ! I would suggest this product to anyone that is looking for a good toy to start your kids with safty with guns!Best Regards , Dr Edgar M. White III
 at first i went to sport chelet , but they did not have what i was looking for . after looking at the positive costumer reviews of this gun , i decided to give it a try . it came in just 2 days , even though i ordered the 3-5 day shipping . at first , it was a little bit confusing -LRB- what goes where , steps , ect . -RRB- , but once you firgure it out its easy . i was suprised how good the rate of fire was . it fires very fast ! im not really sure about the accuracy and the scope , because i used it at night , but im sure it is very , very good as well . and for around 50 $ , well , thats just incredible . this gun is awesome !
 This gun is perfect . It has all of the right attachments and has a perfect high cap clip . The gun 's red dot is n't all that great but still works -LRB- I use it every match -RRB- . My friends always want to use this gun because how perfect it is , I love this gun
 I found this particular gun to be made very well for the price it was sold . It also shoots great . It came a little late but all in all it was worth it . I spent a whole day chasing my brother with it , and it was pretty dead on .
 this gun not only fire extremely fast it also comes complete with a laser crosshair sight and a shoulder strap !!! the only thing bad about this gun is that the normal mag capicity sucks -LRB- 20 bbs -RRB- and that the high cap mag takes forever to load . this may sound a bit harsh , but sereously , this is the best gun i own and it kicks some serious arse !! ps
 When I first opened the box ... It looked AWSOME ! I filled the clips with ammo with the given bbs and charged the battery . The battery takes a long time to charge -LRB- 4 hours ! -RRB- Once it was done charging , I put the battery in and started shooting . The gun fires extremely fast ... That is almost a bad thing . I shot out the first clip in about 5 seconds , and that was the HI - captasity mag ! The gun is great , but the fps is bad . It says it has 280 + fps , that is probbly too high . Something else is that the hop takes over the bullet , even .20 grams!Cons : - Laser sights are use less-Runs out of ammo too fast-Short rangePros : - Good rate of fire-Light weight-Comes with speed loaderOver all , it is a great gun ... and goood for the price too .
 so this gun is a very good gun the the price you should deff get more bbs tho because you dnt wan na stop firing this thing shipping was good only about 4 days so yea the sights are good but the only thing is that the silencer dosent help at all just for style which is fine
 first id like to say im new to airsoft so dont take my word for it . It is a cool gun the high cap . magazine doesnt really matter beacause once the bbs get to a certain point they dont shoot becuz the bbs stay in the magazine so thats kind of a waste moving on.the elctri crosshair scope isnt very accurate but anyway overall i like even though i have only had it 4 a day.Shipping and handling are kindof expensive . 8.95 for S&H and it took a full week to get here on standard shipping
 I got this gun at a jungle toy store , and It was my first aeg with semi auto option . I Got it but the only thing that dissappointed me was the fps was sort of low . Other than that though , it has an incredulously fast rate of fire . This gun is definately reccomended to a first time user of aegs .
 I bought this gun off amazon.com , and i think it is a great gun for the price . It 's not the best gun you can have , but it works out as a great side arm . It has a great hop up . The scope that comes with it is holographic , which means that you can only see it if you 're looking through the scope . It comes with two clips , one is a hi-cap magazine with 110 rounds , and the other is a low-cap mag that holds 20 rounds . They 're both great.I think that it goes around 250-290 fps , depending on the charge of the battery . It 's a 7.2 volt battery , and lasts long.If you are using this gun on the battlefield , you should most likely bring another gun . It is quite accurate.I reccomend this gun , whoever is looking for an LPEG .
 I have been using many airsoft rifles , and heavy means quality ! This MP5 is solid , durable , and heavy from the box out . I go out to play indoor competition with this gun and it passes off well and at the end of the day I have scored well and improved my aim , without bragging of the victory I scored with a entry to mainstream-level weapon .
 This gun is ok.It is better for `` backyard battles `` it is not bad at accuricy but not the best.The gun is abut 180 FPS.For the price , overall , its a good gun .
 For the price ; $ 47 was a good deal . In fact , the gear box and battery is very efficient . .2 gram bbs are best for this ; .12 gram bbs will cause jams .
 I just got this gun yesterday . The shipping said 3-5 business days but mine came in six . But it was worth it because i had a war the day i got it . This is one of my favorite automatic airsoft gun I have . It is a very very good gun . It has a great fire rate and it shoots very far plus it comes with an adjustable hop up that works . I shot my friend from fifty feet away in the goggles . It is very accurate . Also it has a semi automatic option as well as an automatic . Now the bad things . The shipping costed a little too much . The silencer does n't do anything except make the range worse . The first day you get it it says to charge it for 12 hours . I charged mine for one hour -LRB- which i know is probably bad for the gun -RRB- but it is still working on me . All in all it is a very good gun . This gun is definitely worth the money . This isnt for someone who just plays airsoft one month or anything like that . I play often . VERY GOOD GUN . cya next time
 Entry Level Airsoft Gun ** FOR BACKYARD SKIRMISHES ** FPS 200 ~ 210 Electric Powered LPEGFIRING RANGE 10FT - 30FTARS Plastic Metal Magazine * INCLUDES * Cyma MP5Gun SlingSafety GlassesSilencerRed Crossair ScopeCleaning RodBatteryChargerSample BB 's -LRB- DO N'T USE -RRB- 100 BB Speed loaderSmall MagazineLarge Magazine 120 RoundsAttachment RailScrew DriverPROS : * Great Accuracy with the iron sights . ** Perfect Replica 1:1 Scale * Average Plastic * Hop Up Adjustments * Extendable StockGreat AccessoriesDoes n't Jam much if caredHas enough power to partially puncture Card BoardCheap Price $ 30 - $ 45CONS : Low Magazine CapacityLarge Magazine useless and annoyingRed Dot sight has bad aimLow Battery ** CHARGE 1-2 HOURS ONLY **
 the wait was not long it is some thing to be waiting for i love this gun the day i got it i had an airsoft war with it the day i got it it was the best i powned everyone with it so what are you waiting for buy the gun !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ' v been playing airsoft for quite a while and i can tell you this gun i worth buying 2 times the plastic is just as good as metal it actualy feels like metal but it is n't it is extremly accurate the scope works great with the gun i had only one problem with it when you pull off the fore grip to put the battery in i had trouble getting it back on i cud get it on but it wud just slide off with very litle force but i figured it out at the bottom of the part where it slides in there is a hinge you have to click the bottom pipe in it and click the top it is now very secure but every time i take it off to charge the battery it pops off again and also it is n't that powerful other then that the gunn is great
 this gun is about 200 fps and has a nice silencer but the red dot is crappy you can not see it at day time and at night its too bright the high cap mag holds 110 bbs the low cap im not sure overall its a great gun to replace a broken or old aeg .
 this gun is ... ok . I bought this gun on amazon and was exitedly waiting for its arrival . The moment I got it I was shocked for how lite it was . it has an fps of around 280 to 300 . overall nice gun . Not worth the money though . it would be worth 50 bucks insted of 70 bucks . Great gun for beginner airsofters .
 does that gun come with every thing it shows in the pic . I wan na get this gun but i wan na be sure it comes with everything it says
 first of all GET THIS GUN.this gun has a nice 7.5 volt battery.very very acurate on iorn eye.this gun is the bomb so get it!hope this review helped alot
 i was thinking about getting this gun and i was wondering a few things : does it really fire 250 or 230 fps?how much does the clip holds?is it worth the $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ? how much of it is metal?does it break easy?should i get another gun thats better then this at this price?And if so then what is another good gun thats electric for about this price?THANKS !
 About 20 years ago , I owned this product on three VHS tapes . For some seemingly insane reason , I was possessed to sell it off . Nuts.Anyway , the production quality of this extensive documentary was wonderful , and I have yet to see it reproduced through any other outing claiming to be a Queen documentary . All of the band are equally represented through interview footage , studio sessions , and live performances . Yes , it actually contains Queen music . In addition , myriad other stars of the day chime in to offer their take on Queen and where the band takes it place in the musical pantheon.So , it 's about time that this amazing set was re-released on Blu-ray -LRB- or DVD at the very least -RRB- . I suspect -LRB- without any solid evidence -RRB- that its lack of availability is due to legal difficulties with the ownership rights of the contents . If such is the case , this is too bad , as many a Queen fan are missing out on an entertaining and informative show.Please bring back `` The Magic Years '' !
 This is a great doc . of Queen , one of the greatest groups in the worls and without a doubt , the greatest singer in the world . This is a botleg and you can find on eBay for about $ 15 with free shipping .
 Yep , it 's soo true , this set is available on eBay for only $ 20.00 !! Just bought it for that price and that 's INCLUDING international shipping ! So , no reason to pay anymore than that !!
 Have paid only $ 15 , I found this to be a good product for the cash . The course blade is 6 '' and will cut through wood , hard or soft . A good product to throw in ones car or to just have on hand . Are there better on the market ? Probably , but this a good tool for the cash .
 I camp and hunt fairly often . When I 'm out I want and expect my tools to be able to do what I want them to do , when I want them to do it . And do it well . I did n't get to use this product extensively , only two or three times so far , but it has performed very well each time . It is put together pretty well , and the blades are very sharp . It comes in a carry case and is easily portable , and very light . I have always liked Gerber knives as their blades are some of the better blades out there , and this seems to uphold their reputation . Like I said , I have n't had a chance to use it much , but when I did use it I was very happy with it . It 's a little on the big side if you are wanting to do serious hiking or backpacking , but is also very light , as I previously mentioned . Overall , I like it a lot and will always keep it in my backpack when hunting or camping . It makes short work of small tree limbs that need removing , or getting kindling or branches for your fire .
 This saw tears through most things that you will need to cut on a camp trip . The extra blade is a nice feature also . The 4 star rating is only because the handle is a bit awkward for people with bigger hands .
 The Gerber 46036 Saw with 2 blades is a constant part of my backpacking gear . It cuts very well and I have not experienced any problems as of yet . It appears to be durable and has a great grip for holding when cutting . It is relatively compact and comes with a decent sheath . It does not take long to change out blades and it serves a good utility . I recommend this saw .
 Great folding saw . Light weight and compact . Tough on wood or bone , easy on the hands !
 Excellent saw . Cut very well all type of wood , only problem is the handle.I broked mine while cutting a branch , no way to fix it , no screws in it , except the one for the blade . I wish they can make the same saw with a well reinforced handle . It works so good cutting without any effort.I will return mine and get another one , hope I wont have the same problem with the handle .
 I used this within a week of getting it . It came out of the box ready to use . It 's compact and comes with a pouch and a second blade which is very cool . Quality and solid product . I would recommend , especially for hunters , campers , survivalist , even as a BOB necessity .
 I have owned these saws in the past . They are a great saw for small limb removal while hunting or around the house .
 I 've used this saw on all my backpacking trips for the past 4-5 years . It 's fantastic , and I 've definitely been able to cut through whole trees/logs close to the 6-inch diameter -LRB- length of blade -RRB- . For those of you wanting the weight specs :5.1 oz Saw and one blade1 .0 oz Nylone caseThe blade folds into the plastic handle quite well , without leaving any sharp edges exposed , so you could definitely pack the saw without the case if desired .
 I have had none of the problems of that are described by other reviews here . I have several of these . I have owned this saw since 1999 and have used it extensively -LRB- I was a full-time guide -RRB- for the first 21/2 years . Now it gets used during the summer and fall , and is the perfect game processing saw with the fine toothed blade.I only use the fine blade for that purpose and the coarse blade for wood . It is extremely aggressive and you must be careful with it , I tore a huge gash in my hand while using it in the field.You must be careful with this saw when changing blades , otherwise it can mess up the operation of it if done incorrectly . I think that may be the cause of some of the problems other reviewers have posted . It is not a permanent problem , and if the blade is loosened and reconnected correctly , it fixes this problem.I found that ordering a new blade is not cost effective , just order a new saw with both blades.I feel that the quality of this product was top notch , and I will be rating it a full 5 stars . I only give 5 stars to well-designed gear I feel have no inherent flaws . I would recommend this product without hesitation .
 This is n't a craftsman chain saw so do n't expect it to work like one . But if you want a compact , light weight saw to help you cut some fire wood for your outdoor adventures this one is a good pick .
 I have n't had the chance to use this yet but I was impressed by its size ; very nice when opened and rather compact and handy when closed . It comes with a nice nylon sheath that holds an extra blade ; I really like that the sheath will easily fit on your belt loop and has a velcro strap to boot if you want to strap it to your gear . One thing I am concerned about is the handle . It is very light and hollowed plastic feeling . I 'll report back after I try it out on my small dead tree in the back yard . For just about $ 15.00 this appears to be a very handy tool .
 This is an excellent little saw . Bought two of them since we are volunteers that maintain several hiking trails and need to cut down any windfalls that maybe on the trails . Folds nicely and is easy to carry on a backpack . Would recommend to anyone .
 It did what it needed to do very well . I would recommend this product to anyone who is interested in perfecting a good edge on your knives .
 This product is fantastic . I have never used foam glove conditioner before and it worked great . In my opinion , it 's better than the oil based conditioners .
 Very light and does n't weigh down the glove . I try to reapply every spring to keep that awesome feeling and functionality .
 I really like using Dr. Glove when oiling a glove . I relace gloves and use Dr. Glove , its my favorite ! I have tried other glove conditioners , but I am really happy using this one . It does n't leave any oiling feeling on your hands and it soaks in the glove really good .
 I have used Coach Troy 's Spinervals sets for years in the off season . This DVD tends to be the one that makes into the player more than the rest . It is a quick 45 minute workout that simulates hill training . There is lots of out of the saddle ` climbing ' , which helps break thinsg up for me . I prefer this one comapred to the 24.0 Hill Climb workout and it is a great change of pace from the 1.0 No Slackers allowed .
 Highly recommended for casual or avid cyclists . Needs more on technique , but excellent for cardio and interval training . Good for moderate hill training . I use it once a week !
 This is one of my favorites of the series . It 's tough , but the time flies by . One star off because it 's a bit dated , the music is kind of ridiculous , and the set is sparse -LRB- it looks like they 're hanging out in Discovery One -RRB- . But that stuff does n't matter much when you 're doing the workout .
 The video is a little old -LRB- TT bikes age quickly -RRB- and the music is not for listening to off the bike , but this is a great workout that is hard to finish . The top triathletes featured are having a hard time so we mortals will also find it difficult !
 But it is great when you ca n't get outside . You can get some good hill practice in with this dvd . They move the pace and positions around -LRB- Stand , sit , cadence , etc. -RRB- so you do n't get bored .
 I bought another unit from target for Christmas as had to return it within a month . I bought this one for my dad with arthritis months ago and it not only works , it 's still working .
 When you get older and you can hardly shuffle by hand this is a wonderful , quick and easy way to shuffle the cards .
 I bought this item for my 8 year old . Shuffling cards in card and board games can be frustrating for younger children -LRB- especially with the huge UNO deck ! -RRB- and this definitely keeps the fun going , without the frustration of playing `` 52 pickup '' in the middle of a game . It works great , and we have n't experienced any issues with sticking or jamming , so we 're pleased with the purchase .
 Price is very competitive . Unit is a bit noisier than others and cards are not included . But I 'll put up with the extra bit of motor noise and provide my own cards to get this price . All in all , very satisfied .
 This product is great , you do n't have to mix the cards with your hands anymore , you just have to press a button and let the fun begin !
 I liked it so much that I bought another one for my daughter to have as her own & to stop bending cards trying to learn to shuffle them .
 Shuffle a deck -LRB- or 2 decks -RRB- of cards with the push of a button . Fun and it really gets the job done . I used this with my 92 year old aunt who could only use one had . Lots of fun .
 I have had one of these years and the grandkids love it so I got one for them . Their small hands just ca n't shuffle cards on their own
 Our family has had a Brookstone World Series of Poker 2 deck shuffler for several yrs . First , those who could shuffle kidded us wimps who used the shuffler . Over time , everybody has come to enjoy the shuffler during game nights when we play round after round . We decided we needed one at the beach condo , so I ordered the Bicycle version , thinking the people who made cards would make a good shuffler . The shuffler works fast & does a fine job , though an occasional card gets hung . Another reviewer is right that the button you push to operate the shuffler could have been better placed somewhere besides right where the drawer goes in & out . The main criticism we have is that the thing is LOUD . Right out of the box , it sounded like turning on a high speed blender or sink disposal . I would try another brand next time .
 I suffered a debilitating injury 4 years ago . I had an accident and I became a quadraplegic . I 'm described as a functioning quad , which simply means I have some movement of my arms an legs . Although I am very lucky in that respect it did n't help my small motor reflexes . I became interested in bridge and moved on from beginner bridge to more complicated kinds . The problem was I was unable to shuffle . Although in duplicate bridge shuffling is n't necessary , in order to become more efficient one needs to practice . I now play by myself , shuffling the cards with my Bicycle card shuffler and becoming much more proficient at my game .
 Bought this for our lunch-break uno game at the office , it mostly fails to shuffle the non laminated Uno cards . However we tested it with some pvc Bicycle brand playing cards and it performs flawlessly . Wish there was somewhere to get a set of PVC Uno cards!It jams the uno cards because being unlaminated they tend to have more cohesion , sticking to each other . The laminated cards are slick and slide easily over each other so it never jams with them ! In contrast to a cheaper 6 deck shuffler we bought first this one is pretty great .
 The shuffler does its job quite well . With a brand new deck , however , it 's necessary to shuffle several times for a good result . It 's a bit noisy , of course , but tolerably so . Certainly a great boon for someone with arthritic hands !
 I purchased this item for my step-son who could n't shuffle the cards when it was his turn to deal the cards - now he breaks out his card shuffler and is done in seconds ... it helped make him feel more like the rest of us who could shuffle the cards because he no longer as to ask someone else to shuffle for him .
 Could no longer find this item locally . Amazon had several varieties . This is very efficient , durable , and mixes cards thoroughly . Useful when playing virtually any card game . While somewhat noisy , the duration of the shuffle is brief .
 Not a bad shuffler for the price , as others say it takes 2 or 3 passes for a good shuffle but so far it has worked well .
 I would recommend this product for anyone , especially for entertainment , it works awfully well , saves lots of time . Its one of the better purchases we 've made , its great at parties .
 Get those loved ones a gift that they will love . . Playing cards is one of the those things older folks still enjoy even thought they cant get around like they used to . . But the fingers are just not as nimble as they once were . . The card shuffler makes the games faster , more enjoyable and easier for all , Its a great gift for yourself or anyone on the family ...
 Great product . We use it twice a week to shuffle 10 decks of bingo calling cards in our senior community .
 This last shuffler . third one , works fine , the first two we received did not work & were retuned . We gavethis to an older couple -LRB- 90s -RRB- who like to play cards & were loosing their ability to shuffe them , they love it . We are all very happy with it . Thank you
 No one in our house full of arthritic hands can shuffle cards anymore . This gadget is n't perfect , but without it we 'd have to abandon all our favorite card and board games . When it finally wears out , we 'll certainly get another one .
 what can I say about a product a card shark would love . Works great and is a crowd pleaser . Yea
 Working fine but as expected it is noisy . No problem for us hard-of-hearing old folks that have trouble shuffling with these old hands .
 I bought a card shuffler for my boyfriend 's grandma . It was in perfect condition and was shipped to me quickly with ample time for Christmas :-RRB- A + + + +
 I ordered this product for my 91 year old mother who plays cards every Wed. at the Senior Citizens Center . It makes it easier for them to play cards . I am very pleased and so are the ladys .
 Not much to say about this item , except that it works just fine . It 's your basic no frills deal for our once a week get-together . I 'd recommend it .
 After reviewing a lot of the shufflers I came to the conclusion they are all alike . Differences are # of decks they hold and stickers on the top.They are made out of cheap plastic but functionally they do what they advertise , they shuffle cards well.I bought the two deck shuffler I did n't think I needed the the four card one and the right away we played a game requiring 3 decks of cards per round.The little drawer is n't necessary the cards shuffle fine without it.I have arthritis and it is a blessing especially if you play bridge , I just dreaded shuffling , now I do n't .
 I bought this for my two cousins who play all the time with yugioh cards and neither of them knew how to shuffle . So they were always accusing the other of stacking the deck . This has settled the issue once and for all . They love it . -LRB- Now I just need them to not play with the shuffler so much that they break it . -RRB-
 This shuffler is nice for the price . Although at times 4-5 cards would still be in the same order after shuffling . Running it two times would solve the problem , but doing that is n't really saving THAT much time . Fun to have though .
 I 'm a member of a card club and since I bought the card shuffler it has made the games go a little faster . I bought the 1-2 card shuffler because it is smaller to take on a vacation.Love my shuffler .
 Shuffler came in good shape and is being used in a senior citizen complex where people are unable to shuffle cards . Great use for such an item .
 We play a lot of card games with multiple decks and it was tiring shuffling by hand . The new shuffler saves a lot of time although it is a bit noisy .
 Purchased for 5 year old granddaughter crazy for games but little hands have difficulty with the shuffling . She 'll learn as her little hands get bigger . For now , we just want to have fun .
 They were very nice . I loved that they look pricy ! I bought these for my boyfriend as a X-mass gift and I 'm sure they will be a real crowd pleaser !
 I 'm very happy with the quality of my LSU thermos . The purple LSU/Mike the Tiger design on the thermos has not scratched at all , and I was afraid of that . My coffee stays hot for hours . The thermos is large enough to hold two big cups of coffee . Pleased with my purchase and shipping was quick .
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I purchased this mug for one of my big bosses , and one for myself but with a different team . I 'm very impressed with the mug the quality and for the price it 's steal a real bargin . I 'm in the proscess of purchasing two more for my son and daughter-in-law . It does keep the coffee hot and the stainless steel is great .
 I love the Patriots and I like this mug , it 's just top-heavy so it tips over if one puts it on a counter or table and just taps it accidentally . It 's best used strictly for travel , since it fits quite well in a cupholder in the car .
 This case is very versitile and well made.I have a mathews z7 and it fits in this case . You can leave the stabilizer and quiver on the bow in the case.Very convenient.I would suggest this case for anyone wanting a quality case at a reasonable price .
 Not only is this an awesome case for the money , but they stand behind their products as well . The case came with 8 velcro ties downs for the bow and 4 for the arrows . I have used it several times when flying to other states on hunting trips . It always kept my bow well protected . I bought mine in 2007 and the lining was starting to peel off this year soo I called their customer service '' No problem just send it back and we 'll fix it free of charge , you just have to pay to ship it there '' cost me $ 11.00 to ship it back . How many companies will fix their product almost five years later no questions asked ???? Thanks SKB !!!
 This is the best bow case I have owned in a long time . My Z7 fits perfectly inside and the removable velcro strapdowns are a definite must . My bow does n't bounce around and I know my sights will be good when I get in the woods . The locks are definitely a plus especially for travel . I LOVE THIS CASE !
 This case is nice , light weight , but sturdy , and fits my 36 '' bowtech perfectly . However the liner felt will need to be modified as it comes lose in the heat -LRB- Texas -RRB- . I chose to get a foam insert which made this case perfect . You will probably want to rivet the brackets through the felt to secure it perminantly as the velcro does have its limitations if case dropped . For airline travel just pack with waded up newspaper . Couldnt pass for the price .
 Happy with the set . No complaints . Good value for the $ 60 . Would recommend .
 Set arrived in clean / brand new condition . No dust or debris as other reviewers have commented . Case is well designed and the chips are high quality . Used this set at a tournament recently and everyone commented at how much they liked it . Highly recommend .
 Well I am new to Poker and I bought this for a friend . The aluminum case it comes in is very sleek and good finish . The inside is felt lined but the clay from the chips makes it a bit dusty . The chips are very heavy and the entire set is like 10 Kgs . The only disappointment was that there is No Poker place mat to put on your table . I feel this set should have been for $ 50 instead of $ 80 . . Cos I went and bought a poker set for $ 5 from `` Five Below '' . And that set is great for casual gaming with family & friends .
 Right from opening the box and scanning through the items . I recognized how dusty everything was . It took me a second to find out that this was n't from the actual product and that it was inserted and added into one . It does n't bother me much but I was looking forward to a good deal considering it 's price . Now I understand why its 50 % cheaper than where other sites or stores sell it . It 's still a good bargain as everything promised was inside . The chips were clean and nicely packaged , and lived up to my expectations . They are heavy clay chips that has probably the best quality out of the other sets offered in amazon . It 's a wonderful deal despite being manufactured by someone else and not by World Poker Tour .
 these chips are a very good catch . they come in denominations of 125 blue , 100 red , 75 blacks . when i oped it up , i found keys , 300 chips a rule guide and a nicely finished aluminum set weighing 12 pounds . i do have two problems
 I was very please with the service I received and will continue usingamazon when I need toThank you
 I rarely find Mark Martin items and would love this . I just ca n't justify the price .
 Gave two of these over the holiday 's and both recipents were very impressed with the quality . High gloss black case , beautifully weighted chips and even two decks classic Bicycle cards . Very nice . I would buy this again without hesitation .
 The bag packs quite nicely into its stuff sack -LRB- the end does n't sinch down too tightly , though -RRB- and is very lightweight . It is a mummy bag so tossing and turning is limited . When I did roll over , the slippery insides of bag let it stay put while I rolled inside it , so my face wound up in the hood , which could be disconcerting to someone who is claustrophobic . -LRB- Someone claustrophobic would n't buy a mummy bag in the first place , I would think . -RRB- My feet were warm enough all night without socks when we camped in Maine on Labor Day weekend . The bag 's color is rather ugly , actually , but easily visible , I guess , as it is light/bright green .
 I got this bag before I went abroad for traveling around to hostels and it is awesome . It is so small but whatever technology they used ... it still really keeps you warm . I wouldnt go hiking Mt. Everest or anything but it works great for the recommended temperature range and could fit in any normal size backpack , or the shoe compartment of my hiking pack . Great buy and great value !
 The P1089A is a great beginner gun . It is very easy to use . Light weight and reliable . Modifying this air soft gun might take some elbow grease but can be done , but much like i said it is a great beginner gun .
 The exterior is what i expected , found no flaws . The locking mechanism i did n't like ; they dont create a tight seal and they can easily be opened . I am worried that a light brush against something might flip them up and my chips will all fly out . The interior is really nice though . The chip holder was glued on firmly and was nice to the touch . I did n't give it a 5 star because it lacked the `` wow '' effect .
 This case is very sturdy and well built . It is very large and will actually hold 1,070 chips if you have them in tight . I have already dropped it and it held up very well . Great product to protect your poker chip set .
 I bought the silver 200 chip case . It looks and feels very nice , and the chip separators in the case I received were not flimsy at all . The case fit my chips perfectly , and it even comes with locks on the latches . This item is labeled as `` made in china '' , and although the construction has no major flaws , it appears to made made without a high degree of care . With that in mind , it does all that it should , and quite well .
 Product came within 3 days , but the vendor sent me the wrong product . After calling the vendor , they quickly shipped out a replacement . When I finally got the product I ordered , it was exactly what I wanted . Chip holders seem sturdy enough to hold up to the heavy clay chips I have .
 The item got to me ahead of schedule and was exactly what I had ordered and is exactly what I needed .
 This was so worth the money !! We are using it for a reward system and it worked perfectly.well made and the locks and key work great !
 The case was a Christmas present for my husband . He loves it ! It is sturdy and holds everything - chips and two decks of cards .
 I ca n't say too much about , it 's not a sturdy as I would have liked , but it does the job and does it well .
 I received additional poker chips so I had to get a bigger case . The quality seems to be ok for the price . At this point , time will tell . I do n't plan on lugging the chips around town so I expect it to handle perfectly for what I bought it for .
 I purchased the 300 chip silver case.It 's a great sturdy little case . very well made and nice looking .
 If you 're willing to put forth a little extra effort , this reel is an incredibly good value . The difficulty arises from the Fenwick Nighthawk series being discontinued reels and are n't even listed on the companies website . Out of the box , the reel is configured for right hand retrieve . No information in the form of a brochure , user manual or diagram is available to help you convert to left hand . The new box contains the reel and cloth bag , nothing else . The seller , Dealyard , was zero help - their reply was `` sorry , consult the manufacturer '' . After a few hours of tinkering , I was successful in making the conversion . The left vs right hand retrieve happens by virtue of a one way roller assembly located on the inside of the spool shaft , not on or in the body of the reel . Remove the spool and on its inside , find a knurled Aluminum cover ~ 3/4 '' in diameter which you must unscrew to reveal the one way roller , a white Delrin -LRB- ? -RRB- material with 5 small rollers the size or a grain of rice . Under the knurled cover , the roller is held in place by a bright metal cover which looks like a 1/2 '' hex nut . It is pressed in and takes considerable effort to pop it out . By considerable I mean a pull force of ~ 20 + pounds . I used an ice pick with a 90 degree bend on the tip . Once popped out , you flip it over and re-install , it pushes in with thumb pressure . screw the knurled Aluminum cover back on , install the spool on the body and you 're in business . With the two ball bearings , the reel is incredibly smooth , the machining and finish of the reel are excellent , the drag is smooth and adjusts with incremental clicks - a nice positive feel . In my opinion , this reel is comparable to reels costing $ 300-400 for under a hundred bucks ! Buy one and enjoy !
 Bought this scope when I purchased a Browning .300 MinMag . Boresighted easily and was able to zero with only three rounds . Sight picture is very clear and wide enough to make targeting a dream . Easy to focus using safty glasses or prescription . Highly recommend .
 I love it ! It holds a whole pack of maraboro red 100 's with no problem .
 This is a great gift item . Easy to assemble and sturdy . Having shopped around a lot this is also a very good price relative to the other toy chests out there .
 Fit perfect in my yankee themed nursery , VERY good quality . Built like its going to last for many years . Worth the money in my opinon ...
 very quick ship , excellent communication , product is BETTER than I expected , nice storage size , quality materials , safety lid closure , just a `` HOMERUN '' quality experience overall-no negatives
 I bought this for my grandson who lives in San Francisco , they had to put it together , took a few tools , which they had on hand . It is sturdy and very nice looking . I would recommend this product . Good value and a good deal .
 This toy chest is beyond amazing . I purchased for a friend who was having a baby boy and whose room was to be done in Red Sox theme . I couldnt believe the quality of this item . My husband put it together and was quite impressed . When we have kids this will definately be an item of choice !!!
 This toy chest is really very cute , and solid . I paid a great price for it during the Xmas holiday , and if it is now $ 100.00 , I 'm not sure I would of paid that much for it , but it was certainly worth the price I paid . The colors are bright.The top does stay up when lifted . -LRB- safety -RRB- , and it really goes nicely in a sports bedroom decor . Amazon verified purchase
 My mom bought it for them and they loved it . Its really a great gift
 Got this for our 15 month old son . He loved it the day we got it ! He loves helping clean up . The lid stays up so that makes it easy for him to help . It 's very sturdy and beautiful ! Definitely recommend this !!
 I am so excited about this toy chest . We are expecting our first grandson and we are doing his room in Detroit Tiger Stuff . I have been having a ball ordering from Amazon . The prices are great . I have ordered the rocking chair , the stool , the lamp , and many smaller items . Thank you Amazon Deb Sylvester
 I bought this toy chest for my baby 's nursery . The quality of the materials is very good . However , I did have an issue with a defective piece . I contacted Guidecraft -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- directly . Without any questions , I was sent a replacement piece within one week of calling . The assembly was not terribly difficult . But there are only picture directions , so it took some studying to assemble . Overall , I am happy with my purchase - a nice gift any young Yankee fan .
 I purchased this toy chest for my grandson . It arrived quickly and all parts were in the box . The instructions were easy to follow as all wood parts were marked and the hardware was shown accurately on the instuctions . The lid has the safety latches so it wo n't fall on his little fingers . Overall , I am very happy with this item . It seems very durable and is colorful . I had also bought him the matching coat rack and was very happy with that . I only rated it a 2 star in educational because it is n't really an educational toy . He can learn to put away toys but that is about it .
 The Guidecraft Red Sox toy chest is a great addition to a Red Sox themed baby room . It is a solid , well crafted piece of furniture that weighs nearly 50 pounds when fully assembled . The assembly instructions -LRB- no text - just 4 labeled pictures -RRB- are mediocre at best , not unlike many products whose instructions are designed overseas . One full set of screws -LRB- labeled as part `` M '' in the instructions -RRB- were completely missing but inexpensively purchased at any hardware store . All pieces are painted with a high gloss enamel acrylic and look very professional , though I 'm sure that this is a typical assembly-line product . I shopped around and found Amazon 's price -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- to be the least expensive anywhere on the web and dramatically less expensive than the 3 nearby retails stores . A similar , but much less durable Guidecraft product , is available at Baby 's R Us ; that product is incredibly flimsy , so make sure you buy this one and not the cheaper product -LRB- I wonder why Guidecraft even makes the cheaper version - it 's terrible -RRB- . The Red Sox have n't lost a single game since the day this product arrived by FedEx ... and the Yankees have n't WON a game since that day so , for you Red Sox fans , this is apparently a GREAT way to subliminally support the Sox !
 This is perfect for my two boys ' room . It is the perfect size and easy for them to open and close . The colors are great , too . And my husband 's favorite team is the Red Sox .
 Great looking toy chest at a great price point . Love the feature with 3 picture inserts . No problems with the toy chest , assembly was n't difficult although instructions could be more detailed and delivery was good . Minor detail with logo and monogram , which is why I did n't give it 5 stars . My son loves his toy chest , so that 's what matters most .
 Purchased this after careful consideration , , , , the Boston Red Sox unit had been completly sold out ! such a shame !! At least the alternative was not a Yankees Unit ... My New York grand son -LRB- BORN IN BOSTON ! -RRB- and his mother really appriciate it ! Go Sox !
 If you are an Elvis fan and never been to Vegas in the days he Performed there . It is nice to have an item from that periode in your collection on display .
 I bought this for use with a Ruger GP 100 4 '' and it is the right size . It 's a little tight at first making it not an easy draw until after some break in . It 's good solid material . The adjustable length strap snaps in pretty securely , but the part where you adjust it occupies some of the same space where your belt goes , so that 's not the best of designs . For the price point it 's a good buy , will keep your firearm protected on your hip and does n't look cheesy .
 I originally bought this to carry extra gear while in the field . Almost all the grunts carried a camelbak of some sort because the canteens are too tedious . This product works well with Army web gear and conforms to Army regulations concerning color -LRB- all black -RRB- and brand labels -LRB- one label , easily darkened out but not necessary to do so -RRB- . It has an enormous amount of space without being large or cumbersome . It also has quick release straps that make it so useful while in the military.I have also used it as a day bag in my travels all over the world . I normally do n't use the water pouch when traveling and instead use this as a sort of secret place to stash my extra cash and important papers . No one would ever think to look in that part because it is very inconspicuous . It is a little pricey but holds up extremely well in the field and while traveling .
 These are so incredibly soft , and they fit just right . Think of how your most comfortable tee shirt feels , and these will likely compare . They are n't too baggie around my thighs , as many of these types of shorts are on me . The elastic in the waist is very comfortable - not too tight , not too loose . They are also true to size.They are quite flattering , and long enough that if you needed to run into a grocery store or something , you are covered well enough . You could wear them with or without bike shorts underneath at the gym . You might want the biker shorts if doing a lot of kicks , but otherwise you could probably get away with just these . They are great for wearing around the house as your comfie every day shorts . A very good all around soft short !
 These shorts are the best buy ever . I like them so much , I have ordered them more than once . They are long lasting , easy to care for and you canot beat the price . I lounge in them every afternoon . They are so comfortable , I sometimes even sleep in them .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . The shorts fit true to size and I love having the drawstring waistband to ensure a good fit . They hit mid-length on the thigh , so good coverage -- not too long , not too short . Essential Apparel had my order to me in under a week and I 'm on the opposite coast , so that was a nice surprise .
 These are just the style of gym shorts I like , and the price is great ! I only purchased the cotton blend colors -LRB- graphite and grey -RRB- , so as not to have the shrinking issues the other reviewer spoke of . I am very pleased !
 Since I 've purchased Russell Athletic apparel before , I know that their togs are very basic -LRB- okay for ` round the house -RRB- . They shrink - buy ` up ' a size or two . So these shorts are about what you can expect ... except they would be more appropriately priced at $ 5.99 or $ 6.99 tops .
 These are so very soft and comfie . They may be a bit on the short side for the gym , and with leggings would probably bunch a little between the legs , but for around the house they are IDEAL . They are like your most comfortable tee shirt . I love sleeping in them or just wearing them around the house .
 I love these shorts . . they wear well and will last a while . . I 've had another pair for 2 years and no sign of wearing out . .
 Excellent shorts without that thick uncomfortable waistband or tight legs that most shorts have today . I highly recommend !
 Comfortable ! 100 % cotton ! Economical ! Easy to order ! I bought two pairs of these shorts at a swanky sports outfitters store 2 or 3 years ago and realy liked them . When I went back to get more that store did n't carry them -LRB- or almost anything else cotton -RRB- anymore . I was realy disappointed . Then I was on-line looking for some workout pants for my father and noticed the name `` Russell '' which gave me the idea to buy them on-line . There was just what I wanted and all kinds of discounts . And I did n't have to do a lot of driving or walking to get them .
 i bought these in size small , navy , 100 % cotton . the color is darker than the photo shows . after washing and drying on low heat , the shorts did shrink quite a bit but they still fit okay . i definitely would n't wear these shorts in public - the leg openings are pretty baggy and the shorts are pretty daggy , overall . the waistband is comfortable but ugly , and the shorts are n't particularly flattering . having said all that , they are very comfortable for wearing around the house . for $ 10 i do n't expect much more .
 I already had 3 pair and I just ordered 6 more for summer . They are cool , comfortable , affordable and they look nice on anyone . -LRB- Do n't let the product pics fool you - they look really nice on a real person -RRB- My sister also ordered 3 pair to wear to the gym . I wear them around the house , to go walking or run errands . Love 'em .
 These are a nice standard drawstring gym short . The ones I used to by were discontinued and I bought one pair of these to try them out . Loose and comfy . Better designed for someone slim than rounded/curvy .
 I bought these shorts because they are the only ones I can find that do n't have a wide elastic waistband that presses uncomfortable against my stomach . I also like the absorbent and comfortable cotton.I am 5 ' 4 '' and weigh 110 ; so I am not big . But I buy the large because it is the most comfortable . The only workout shorts I will wear .
 These shorts are beyond comfortable and just the right length - not too short and not too long . Great for wearing around the house or for running errands on hot summer days .
 These comfortable , soft shorts are exactly what I wanted ... they wash beautifully and they are Russell quality .
 I bought these and enjoy wearing them . They are very comfortable and easy to wash . I highly recommend them !
 Ordering clothing sight-unseen and without trying on is always a bit iffy . But I ordered this in Navy , large ; and the fit and all is just fine . And the price was low . So I 'm a happy camper .
 I got this watch as gift as one of my friends.Very good for the value , would recommend it .
 Nice watch very sporty and perfect for everyday ... ! the price is great ... buy it and have fun : - -RRB-
 I bought this in 2006 for my mother and step-father . They are still using it & my mother swears it keeps coffee hot all day ! The only bad thing about it is the UT logo :-RRB- .
 great fit , heavy duty thick steel , ment to last a liftime , i will not ever have to replace this base
 This shirt was just what I was looking for and my son loved it . I will continue to do business with this reliable and resonable company . Thank You .
 love these things . i go through a lot of gloves , and these were the best i 've ever had . I have n't been able to find them recently , but i keep looking.The fingersaver things actually worked reasonably well , but most other gloves they did n't work well -LRB- or in some cases they did n't work at all -RRB- . the palms were reasonably durable .
 Bought this for my guy , he loves it ! It was just as described and he thinks it is great ! Fits in with all his gator items wonderfully ! Would highly recommend this to any Gator fan out there !
 I tend to lean towards RCBS or Redding dies but , after getting my first Lee Factory sizer , I went and bought them for the rest of my cartridges . I ca n't imagine reloading without them now . They are the last stage in the reloading process . This die will `` iron out '' and little wrinkles and buldges in the loaded cartridge giving your reloads better reliability . In addition , I back off the crimp on the seater die and let this die create the crimp at this last stage . This allows the seater to seat the bullet without the resistance of a crimp . Now I do n't get those bullet rings when I reload . Do n't reload without these .
 This is around the 10th Lee FCD I 've purchased and it works perfectly , just like all the others I have.I would n't reload handguns without it .
 Crimps the bullet tight in the case and sizes the loaded cartridge to factory diameter for proper cycling in my 1911 . Have use other Lee factory crimp dies for other calibers with excellent results .
 A really nice carbide die . They are excellent for removing `` Glock Bulge '' . The price is right too . I highly recommend them .
 This is a really nice Saints shirt . I bought it quite a long time ago and it 's held up really well . My husband wears it all the time and it 's a nice quality T shirt .
 If you are tired of sleeping in a mummy bag and feel like a sardine in a can , this bag is for you ! I love to camp and fall/winter camping are my favorite times ... No bugs or snakes . This bag is exceptionally warm and has a lot of room for those like me , who have big shoulders and need a lot of room for turning at night . The weight is n't that bad and appears to be made with Browning Standards ... no shortcuts in features and quality . Also , there are no `` drafty '' areas . The ziper and drawstrings cover you up so on the coldest night , you stay warm . I highly recommend this bag for any person who wants a lot of room for movement and the warmth and features of a mummy sleeping bag .
 I gave this sleeping bag to my son for a Christmas gift . He was very pleased with it . Said it was as advertised . Very warm . A good size for a larger person . Would recommend it to any one .
 my old bag finally wore out after 20 years which was a browning , so their was no doubt what i was going to get . this was by far the best price i found on this particular bag . this was the only bag i wanted and searched in a number of stores and websites and amazon beat them all .
 Toilet would not flush because the water was not flowing in . Replaced the lower supply and tank now fills as it should . Part fit exactly and had easy to follow instructions . Would recommend this part to anyone with a flushmate tank that does not fill properly .
 This scope is an exceptional deal for the cost . It bore sighted quickly with laser sight tool on my Benelli R1 in .270 WSM . Adjustments were crisp and accurate , when taken to the field , requiring only 1 group of 5 to take the point of impact to desired location . The scope is very bright and clear when used out in the field . I would highly recommend this scope .
 The net is perfect , easy to install , and shipping was really fast ! It took about 2-3 days . The only downside with the net is that the nuts sometimes get loose . Other than that it is perfect !
 Exactly as described and very durable , has gone thru lots of bad weather and still in perfect condition . Throwing the ball to hard does n't bend it out place unlike other hoops .
 So I gave money to a friend to order this for me ... it came the other day and I have to say i was surprised of how cool it was ... Yes it is rather heavy to hold , and the place for were the `` bullets '' would go is black not silver like the rest of the gun , and the lion emblem is awful looking ... but all and all it 's awsome ... worth the price glad I chose this one ... and unlike the other 's the `` sleeping Lion keychain '' comes with it atached to the hilt just like the game ... buy it !
 I got this for a Squall Leonhart halloween costume . To be honest , it looked a little better than I expected . The reviewer before me pretty much said a lot of this , but I will go over them again : * The bullet cylinder is black and would look better as silver . * The lion design looks pretty terrible . This is the main downside . * It is slightly heavy to hold -LRB- but then again it is all metal -RRB- . * The lion attachment on the hilt looks good . * The little stamp on the blade that says `` Pakistan '' is a bit tacky , but surely there is a way to remove it if you really wanted to . * The stand that it comes with is n't the best quality , but it does the job.Overall , it was a good buy . This is an extremely hard-to-find item so this price was not bad at all -LRB- especially after finding a company based in Pakistan that wanted to charge me $ 80 for shipping -RRB- .
 This is probably the only life sized replica you can find on the net.Pros : * Affordable * Life size * Trigger works & barrel spins * Comes with chain W / Griever pendent * Comes with a full blade leather sheath that can buckel to your pants -LRB- if your pants can hold it up -RRB- * Comes with a standCons : * Like the other reviewers stated The lion emblem is n't so hot looking . * The Packistan label is right on the blade & clearly visable . * Griever pendent is shoddy . -LRB- looking at the back it apears like a diamond -RRB- -LRB- was never fully cut out of mold -RRB- * Bullet chamber is black * Slightly heavy , but it 's all metal so I 'm ok with it -LRB- it 's a sword people it 's going to be heavy -RRB-
 i just got this gun to see if i would even like airsoft and now i do.i thought that this was a pocket pistol but its not . it comes with like 20 bbs and it is extremly accurate . buy this gun you wont be sorry you did .
 It 's amazingly amazing it shoots so fast like poop me my her he his koala Sam cal Gary Greg bodie ziggyHarrison
 As with all of the STOTT PILATES DVDs , this one is very easy to follow and gives a great workout . I also bought STOTT PILATES `` Pilates on a Roll '' , and it is also excellent and has a different workout .
 This DVD is rated a level 3 of 5 on the Merrithew site , the same as their Pilates On A Roll DVD . This DVD has Moira Merrithew and PJ O'Clair as alternating instructor/demonstrator , while the other DVD has only Moira as instructor and a younger woman as demonstrator . There is some overlap and some difference in the exercises offered .
 This stuff really seals stitches and prevents Fraying.Be careful not to apply too much on seams as it will darken rest of leather .
 I have been using Stott Pilates workouts for over 7 years.I have both the 2nd and 3rd . edition of Stott 's advanced Matwork . I purchased the 3rd because I wore out the VHS cassette on the 2nd . I love the sequencing of the stott system it is much easier on my back then the Classical Pilates although I still do use both for variety . And the Classical Pilates has some advanced and super advanced movements that the Stott does not have.I gave it 4 stars because I prefer the 2nd edition to the 3rd . The warm up and the after workout stretch are better . Also Moria takes you through the maximum recommended reps as opposed to the minimum.To make it better they should use the DVD features -LRB- skipping chapters -RRB- to shorten or lengthen the workout and maybe print pointers on the screen to allow the user to turn off the commentary.Jay
 The instruction on this DVD is excellent , the exercizes are challenging and it is well produced . I find the instructor 's voice terribly annoying , to the point that I have to turn the audio off . This is a difinite drawback since I still need help with technique . Other than that , I think most people would like this DVD .
 This workout is excellent and thorough . I began with the beginner 's version , then went to the intermediate . I was quite well-prepared for this one . It includes most of the intermediate and adds new more challenging moves . If I am in a rush , I skip over some of the exercises and still feel like I have gotten a very good workout . I can literally see and feel myself getting stronger and stronger . The exercises are well-described and the video makes them easy to follow . I highly recommend this video .
 These pedals are awesome , AND WILL TRICK YOUR B.M.X. Also i would like to add that the customer service provided by the seller -LRB- bikeworldusa -RRB- was fist class we got of to a shaky start but they totally sorted everything out.Definatly a five star organisation bikeworld rules , as do these pedals ... buy someWest Coast Chopper Pedals Bike WCC Bicycle
 These shorts are great ! I own 5 pairs they are sooo light and comfy great for the gym , running . I wear them all the time casually also . Ladies jump on these shorts if you want comfort !
 First one I 've bought . Perfect and keeps my water cool . Love the magnetic clip that holds the mouthpiece wherever I want it .
 This reservoir has many good features . Like , the mouth piece is off when it is straight and you are threading the hose out of your bag ; the handle gives a good balance when filling the bag ; when removing the hose from the bladder it has an auto-shutoff . Now what I do n't understand is with all this attention to detail something was missed . That is the hose is too large a diameter for the mouth piece and the end piece , way too easy to pull off accidentally . The tube pulled off the end piece from just the friction with the bag when I was making an adjustment . Loss of water and wet bag , not bad on a day hike but it should n't have happened .
 When I was looking for a replacement bladder , I figured that who else but Nalgene ! This is a nice bladder and works great !
 I have 2 different Dakine hydration packs for different snowboarding conditions and only 1 came with a bladder . It was also a 2l size , and I had drank it dry on several occasions . This one dropped right in and works great . Took it with my to Vermont last winter and never ran out of water . If I ever wear it out I will replace with the same one again .
 Compared to other brands these seem to leach very little plastic flavor into water even after long hot days on the trail.I have never had one leak , though a new bite valve was needed as the frist one had leaks where my teeth had bitten through it after over five years of regular use!A touch disappointed that the 2l is simply slimmer but just as tall as the 3l . Overall great water bag , evenif the handle part system is pretty poinntless and ended up on the trash .
 Once again Amazon delivered a quality product at a great price . All I had to do was open my front door to get it . This bladder replaced an aging one from an older pack . It is easier to fill because of the handle and it cleans easier because of the quick release hose . Well worth it
 Filling the first liter ? Pour it in . Force of the fluid pushes the back of the bladder out of the way and there 's no issue.Filling the second liter ? Requires a bit more coordination , but still pretty easy.Third liter though ? That requires grabbing the handle in one hand , holding the bladder effectively horizontal , shoving the `` retained '' cap out of the way , and then pouring in the 3rd liter ... . when you 're finished , disposing of your container , and then tightening down the cap , because 3L essentially comes to the lip of the fill hole.Once filled though ? Works quite well .
 The Nalgene bladder held up very well during the 11 days my son had on the trail . I would recommend this product as reasonably priced and reliable .
 I just got back from trekking to Machu Picchu in Peru , a 4 day trek require a lot of water in take and this thing was perfect . It 's very easy to fill - the cap ca n't fall off as it has a coil attaching it to the rim , the hose is detachable - great for feeding the piping through your bag 's holes without having to remove or empty the bladder , there 's a magnetic clip that attaches to a standard strap that fixes the mouthpiece on and it has an on-off function . To those who have complained about the magnetic clip they must 've not attacehd it properly as mine was fixed on very tightly and those that complain that it leaks if you leave it `` on '' then they should 've rememebered to turn it off . As the bladder is in your back pack the water stays cold too!Out of all the money I had to spend and kit I had to buy to take on this trip this was by far the best . I really recommend it .
 This bladder is nice ! Quality construction and many nice features . I really liked the quick-connect fittings on the hose , they made it very easy to remove and insert it into my pack , and the magnet on the bite valve was a nice touch as well . Best of all , no leaks ! Very good all the way around .
 I would think you would be hard pressed at finding a better bladder . Very thick plastic , quick disconnect for the tube . On and Off setting for mouth piece . Handle to carry and refill , plus cutout in the heavier carrier to hold bladder in place . Everything feels like top quality thru-out . Very pleased with this purchase .
 There are lots of little things that make this water pouch better than any CamelBak ones I 've had in the past -LRB- though it 's been a while , so things may have changed -RRB- . Here 's what I like about this one : * the mouthpiece can be shut to prevent leaks * the mouthpiece may be used at any orientation * the mouthpiece may be magnetically fixed to another object , like your backpack * the pouch opening is nice and big , easy to open , easy to fill * the hose is detachable for easier cleaning and storage
 The Nalgene Get-a-Grip CXC bladder has been a great product for me so far . A quick wash with some warm water out of the box and immediate use directly after resulted in no funky after taste . The handle makes it very easy to fill and helps prevent the bladder from folding over and leaking in my large frame day-pack . The extra large mouth is easy to fill with ice , water or any other additives you choose to use . The bite valve works without a hitch , though I do n't use the on-off function . It does n't leak with the bladder left `` on . '' The included magnet attachment makes it easy to grab the bite valve , drink and quickly snap it back to your shoulder strap . It does occasionally pop off if you stretch in an odd way or hit it with your arm , etc , but surely is n't enough of a hassle to take away a star . Overall , this is a great bladder at a great price !
 i needed to replace my previous nalgene bladder and picked this one since i was already impressed with the brand . the design of this one helps prevent the bladder from being squeezed and leaking in a tight bag and is very well made . i recommend this to anyone searching .
 Great product ! I like the nozzle , much easier than the other bite down or twist style to get the water flowing .
 I have not used this product yet so I ca n't give it a 5 star . I like the design and it fit into my back pack better than the original bladder .
 After reading the reviews I was a bit concerned that this may leak however so far it has held up like a champ . I have only had the opportunity to take this out once so far but it did exactly what I needed it too with no leaks . If that changes with future uses I will update my review however for now I am very happy with my purchase .
 I just received this as a replacement for my Outdoor Products pack . It has certain features which make it superior to any other bladder that I 've owned or seen
 The bladder seems to work well . There have been no leaks . I did what one person suggested and put some lemon juice in it the first time to get rid of any plastic taste . There appears to me to be no after taste . It appears to be a well-made product .
 The Osprey version by Nalgene has all the features of the CXC , plus more rigidity due to the formed back piece designed for their packs . In addition , the connector is protected by the handle design , so there is no accidents . You do have to tighten the lid to make a good seal . You should also `` prime '' the bag by sucking on the bite vale till water flows to ensure all is well . The plastic is also much better at resisting `` bacteria taste '' . It does take a few times of use for the new chemical taste to go away . The bladder itself needs to be protected in a sleeve or in a pack -LRB- I found that out when I strapped it to the outside of a non-Osprey pack one time and punctured it on some branches -LRB- fixed it with a ThermaRest patch -RRB- . Overall I like it better than Camelback . Pack upgrades will also probably be Osprey , which have hydration chambers on all their packs .
 Was pleasently surprised with this bladder , The handle is agreat idea and makes filling much easier as well as preventing the bag from folding in your pack . No taste at all ever after leaving it over night . The magnet is nice and strong and the on/off function on the bite value is easy to use even with gloves on . The 3L model is pretty big and long and may not fit in to some smaller packs , I have a 40L Marmot pack and have no issues . The only possible fault I could find is the O-ring on the tube at bag joint seems a little hard and and may provoke leaks in the future
 ive had this bladder for over a year now and i havent had a single issue with it . i love everything about it , the only way this bag could be better is if it cooled my fluids for me . combined with the pack -LRB- golite vo24 -RRB- this has been a valuable tool on my long bike rides . with the magnetic hose fastener i can keep the nozzle close enough to my face so getting a drink is a slight head turn . the bite valve now has a small hole in it from extended use but it still works without leaking . if i buy another bladder , it will most likely be this same one .
 I really wanted to find this bladder perfect , as I have used Nalgene products for years and love all of them . Overall , this bladder is pretty good , with only a few small complaints.The mouthpiece leaks sometimes . It 's nice that it has a `` closed '' position , from which it does not leak , but if it 's in the `` open '' position , then I usually feel water dribbling down my leg . I have to open and close the mouthpiece every time I use the bladder , which is a bit inconvenient.The magnetic clip is a great idea for keeping the mouthpiece accessible , but it keeps falling off the pack . I might just end up permanently attaching it to my most-often-used backpack.The bladder does leak if compressed at the bottom -LRB- from the hose connection site -RRB- , but I think that 's common to most bladders . Had to find that out the hard way : -RRB-
 This is the first water bag I 've bought , having relied on bottles for years , However , I read the pros and cons of many models before purchasing this . It 's very well designed , no taste or odor , easy to carry , fill , and load in my pack . The bite valve and magnetic tube holder work fine , and the tube seems to be just right . The very large cap and handle make filling from a tap a cinch , but I have n't tried filling from a filter tube yet .
 Purchased to replace another one from a different supplier because it cracked at the bottom . This one seem must stronger ! I would definitely recommend !
 its good so far ... little worried about future leaks ... i got a 3l fits a littyle goofy when full but nice to have the extra capacity ... should be a little wider and it would feel better full in yer bag . i 'd give it a 5 star except the 2nd time i filled it i picked it up by the handle as i was filling it and the handle popped off . it snapped back in place but a warning woulda been nice.made as mess.SO HERES A WARNING FROM ME ... USE TWO HANDS . ONE ON THE HANDLE AND ONE UNDER THE BLADDER TO SUPPORT THE WEIGHT . PUT IT ON A SURFACE AND THEN PUT THE LID ON ... DOESNT ALWAYS POP OFF BUT IT DID.SO THOUGHT ID PASS THE INFO.ID BUY IT AGAIN THOUGH AS LONG AS IT DOESNT END UP LEAKINGi 'll update if it does
 I love its large volume , but the hose came off where it attaches to the bladder and got my whole pack wet . I reinforced the connection with a plastic cable tie . Now it works fine . We bought three of the bladders , and two of them came apart in the same place . The black support works well , even in packs without a pocket for a bladder .
 A great light weight way to carry hydration with you . Easily fits in any backpack with the tip ready to be used when you need a sip .
 This has to be one of the best bladders I 've purchased . I was n't sure about the handle , but after the first use I was very glad I went this route . There is a quick release for where the water line meets the bladder . Makes cleaning quick and easy at the end of the day . I also enjoy the magnetic clip for the mouth piece .
 This the best bladder available . The bite valve works great and the magnetic clip is fantastic for keeping things clean and consistent when the trail is rough .
 I ordered this bladder to replace a Nalgene bladder that had started leaking -LRB- actually , all 3 of the bladders in the packs that my family uses had started leaking -RRB- . The new design with the handle is very nice and seems like it will alleviate the problem with the joint between the tube and the bladder leaking . I 've tried it out and so far , so good . The tube is quite a bit longer than the previous one and I may try the previous one -LRB- it came from an REI pack which REI no longer markets -RRB- as the new one is too long to connect to the magnate on the pack . Buying a replacement bladder certainly is a lot cheaper than buying a whole new pack !
 Easy to fill and allows for addition of ice . Hold a good amount of liquid and made of a nice material.The magnetic grip is nice as is the quick disconnect tube . Of course I never read directions first , so when I opened it and it took me a minute to figure out how to get it to work , since the valve has to be turned
 We put Nalgene Bladder in backpack with ice water and had plenty to drink on our recent Disney trip . . Great idea to partially freeze first . Recommend this product !
 The design for the nalgene bladder is exactly right . rethreading the hose each time you need to refill is nonsense . good job nalgene .
 nalgene makes a great product , and this is another creation of theirs that does everything it 's supposed to . Stronger than earlier versions , WAY easier to fill . recommended !!!!!!
 Well , I purchased this at the beginning of the year and then I left it in the packaging with my newly purchased pack and I never used it ! It was unopened , kept in a cool , dry place in my closet -- untouched.I finally opened it up , filled it up and set it next to the bag . The bag leaked out near the base where the tube connects . I 've tried sealing it to no avail yet . It 's definitely a nice feeling bladder -LRB- my roommate has a platypus which is around the same price or so -RRB- but this feels nicer , has the handle and the best feature over any other bladder I 've looked at is the magnet . I 've taken the pack on two rides now and the magnet is so much nicer than the standard clips on CamelBaks.All in all , just wish it did n't leak ... Nalgene makes some quality products but I guess I had a bad draw.UPDATE
 The handle on this bladder is a great feature . This is a must have on all hydration packs which makes it easy during refilling or drying after . It keeps the bladder upright even when the water level is down to a third.The quality is impeccable , the water quality / taste remained un-changed even after couple of days -LRB- 36 hrs -RRB- . I had a smaller 2L outdoors-walmart brand on the same trip which we could ` nt drink out off or cook after 8 hrs . both packs were filled at the same time , returned the walmart brand and picked up anothe 2L Nalgene Get-a-grip ! It also includes a handy magnet to hold the tube and keeps it from dangling off to the sideThe only con that I can think of is that the tube could have been 4 '' longer so that it 's closer to my mouth and doesnt need pulling when used with a back-pack . Dont see that as an issue when using this with a hydration day-back-packHave used this one just the one one hike so far , it 's well constructed and built to last.Definitely recomended !
 I bought this to replace a leaking camel back bladder . This was fantastic , the bite valve is soft against my teeth and it does n't leak at all . The valve has a nice lock feature that comes in handy at the start of the ride when you are n't drinking . The bladder is 2L exactly and the plastic handle is nice when filling it from the tap . All in all I love this bladder and will definitely buy it again .
 This bladder is pretty awesome . I used it to go on a 3 day hike through the Big Cypress Swamp in South Florida . Not only did it hold up well with about 35 lbs of gear inside the bag this bladder was in , but it stayed pretty cool despite the sun beating down on us . It warmed up by the end of the day , but I really ca n't complain when it 's about 85 degrees outside and the water remains `` room temp '' in the heat of the day . It is quite durable .
 I got this to replace my Camelbak that sprung a leak . This unit is simple , light , well made , and overall I like it better than the Camelbak . The Camelbak seemed to be a vinyl type material and it was more work to bacteria from growing . This units plastic seems to be higher quality and easy to clean . A few things 1 -RRB- There is a shut off valve built into the silicone tipped bite valve that is not intuitive . If the bite valve is in line with the hose , the valve is sealed . No water will flow . Turn the bite valve 90 degrees to the hose and the valves is open for drinking . Once you realize how it works it is great but I was a little puzzled the first time I used it . 2 -RRB- The magnetic bite valve holder works very well and is an useful feature . 3 -RRB- I did have the hose pop off from the quick-connector at the bag end once when I jammed it down into the hydration pouch of my already full pack . The result was a liter of water leaking onto my gear . Two mini zip ties now serve as a hose clamp on that end . Problem solved . I am quite happy with the unit and would recommend it to a friend .
 Love the design of this bladder . Most of the packs I use have no way of connecting the bladder to the bag and the bladder never stays in place like I want it too . This design keeps the bladder upright and in place . Great product !
 Excellent product ! The tube , mouthpiece and bag are all high quality . The handle makes it easy to remove and fill . I highly recommend .
 I loved this product when it worked , However after staying with a few different friends over the past couple months , every one of their cat 's found it and riddled it with tiny holes ! I 'll probably buy it again but make sure it 's kept out of reach of animals , they really seem to love it for some reason !
 Purchased this to add a liter to my North Face Gulper hydration pack . Attached the included magnet to the base of the shoulder strap so my tube can be attached on the same side as where it exits the back of the pack . This way it basically follows the shoulder strap to the bottom and is completely out of the way , a great alternate location for when I 'm not drawing from it . This system is great for long training trail runs . I 'm very happy with this system and it 's a shame North Face no longer offers the Gulper ; I greatly prefer it to their new system .
 I tried to get this product through Altrec 's website and they wanted $ 6.95 for shipping but through Amazon shipping was only $ .49 . Jus FYI ! The original bladder that came in my pack -LRB- Northface Dogfish -RRB- had separated at a seam near the hose connection . This bladder is a little bigger than the original one but it still fits in my pack . Holds the same amount of water . The handle thing on the front is nice for filling and the hose connection is much more durable looking and there is a nifty magnetic thing to make the mouth piece stay where you want it .
 This the first bladder that I have owned , so I have no comparisions . That being said , I have found that this bladder works perfectly with my Vaude pack.I like every feature it has including the quick connect for the water tube which means I do n't remove it and rethread it when filling the bladder . The wide mouth and carry handle make refilling easy . The bite valve with the twist shutoff prevent accidential leakages and the magnetic bite valve fastner works great on my pack . No oders or odd flavors from this bladder either . This is one of the most satisfying purchases I 've made in quit some time .
 arrived promptly nice quality would order again used for a Fall nfl ... party was a hit with these floating around pool , receieved a lot of compliments !
 I bought this for my husband as a stocking stuffer and he loved it ! It 's well made and he has used it many times .
 The knife has a fine quality blade , the Micarta handle feels very fit in a palm of my hand , I have a large size palm and the handle is just the right size and shape . As for the quality of handle - the seller that I bought it from apparently shipped me one with a defective handle that looks and feels all worn out , probably due to some wrong storage environment or something . It has some impact scratches and paint worn off from place to place.I do recommend this knife , just watch out who you buy it from , I can definetly say if you do n't want a defective knife that will not be replaced by seller - DO NOT buy it from seller `` Kiipo `` And to whom it may concern , Details of my bad experience with seller `` Kiipo '' : I am an european serving with US military in Iraq and I am limited to receiving mail from US , unfortunately I can not ship anything out to US so I ca n't ship the defective knife back , well the seller ignored my situation , probably thinking that I got ta pay for their mistake .
 I use this knife all the time . it feels very good in the hand and very solid . easy to flip out as well . it does go dull fast but easy to sharpen
 I am very pleased with the knife that I purchased . It 's everything I 've come to expect from Gerber knives . The purchase seller was fantastic , shipping was blazing fast and I could n't be happier . Thank You .
 Although I use this wire for a slightly different use , I 'm happy with it 's quality.What I do is , take about 8 inches of wire , take two hooks , and bend the eye hole to a 90 degree angle , slide a hook up to about 2 inches from the top , and slide the second hook about 4 inches lower than the top hook , then with two pliers , I pull taught both knots at the same time , otherwise if you pull the knots tight individually , then you end up causing a crimp in the wire in between the two hooks . I then tie in a double barrel swivel on top , so I can easily attach it to any swivel . With the extra wire on the bottom , I cut it right below the knot on the bottom hook , and use that to tie the top hook to the wire . With this setup , you slip a worm over the bottom hook , then attach it to the top hook . With a wire this thin -LRB- 27lbs test , -RRB- in the water it just appears to be a worm swimming in the water , and when a fish bites the worm from behind , it catches the hook.You can probably use a thinner wire , one with less test pounds , but 27 test pounds was the cheapest , but anyway , this wire knots very cleanly , and stays straight even with a knot , something that 's impossible to do with a braided wire . The only thing to consider is , using a wire with a thinner test pounds , for a softer wire to make cleaner connections , unless you have the appropriate tools to deal with a wire with memory . Anyway , nothing has to be perfect , afterall , the fish do n't care .
 This wire is high quality with an excellent finish . I found the pricing reasonable compared to alternatives . Recommended without hesitation .
 Great wire at a great price ! And so many sizes to choose from ! I use this wire for making Alabama Rigs and it works great !
 Whay can i say , this wire is top notch , i use it for king fishing , and it has always performed well , will but again , i like it much better than some of the generics out there
 After all , its wire leader . What can possibly be wrong with it ? Price was great , shipping was great . No complaints from me .
 This is a nice , durable basic gray t-shirt . Nothing outlandish , I use it to run and generally work-out and still `` representing '' my team .
 Mounting this barrel on my scoped Ion Longbow let me hit a target 6 '' x 12 '' consistently from 100 feet away , with 50 % of the shots landing within a 3 '' x 3 '' square - remarkable accuracy for any paintball marker , let alone an Ion.Note that this is a front - you need to buy an All-American barrel back with the threads to match your particular marker . This lets you use the same front multiple markers ; I personally have backs for a Tippmann A-5 and the aforementioned Smart Parts Ion and switch the fronts as necessary.Despite being a two piece barrel , the halves fit together so snugly you would never know they were separate when using it . The barrel itself is also well made and stands up to punishment well . The 18 '' length can get a bit unwieldy at first , especially in dense woods or in indoors settings , but one gets used to it fairly quickly.I found the barrel to be slightly louder than the Ion 's stock barrel when mounted on the Ion , and audibly comparable to the A-5 's stock barrel when mounted on it -LRB- which I found interesting since this barrel is ported and the A-5 stock barrel I have - the older version - is n't -RRB- . So if you 're going for stealth , you may wanted to forgo the All-American for the C-Series line of barrels , which are not as durable but the quietest barrels I 've ever heard.If , however , you are going for accuracy , especially at range , you found what you were looking for here .
 Although I use this wire for a slightly different use , I 'm happy with it 's quality.What I do is , take about 8 inches of wire , take two hooks , and bend the eye hole to a 90 degree angle , slide a hook up to about 2 inches from the top , and slide the second hook about 4 inches lower than the top hook , then with two pliers , I pull taught both knots at the same time , otherwise if you pull the knots tight individually , then you end up causing a crimp in the wire in between the two hooks . I then tie in a double barrel swivel on top , so I can easily attach it to any swivel . With the extra wire on the bottom , I cut it right below the knot on the bottom hook , and use that to tie the top hook to the wire . With this setup , you slip a worm over the bottom hook , then attach it to the top hook . With a wire this thin -LRB- 27lbs test , -RRB- in the water it just appears to be a worm swimming in the water , and when a fish bites the worm from behind , it catches the hook.You can probably use a thinner wire , one with less test pounds , but 27 test pounds was the cheapest , but anyway , this wire knots very cleanly , and stays straight even with a knot , something that 's impossible to do with a braided wire . The only thing to consider is , using a wire with a thinner test pounds , for a softer wire to make cleaner connections , unless you have the appropriate tools to deal with a wire with memory . Anyway , nothing has to be perfect , afterall , the fish do n't care .
 This wire is high quality with an excellent finish . I found the pricing reasonable compared to alternatives . Recommended without hesitation .
 Great wire at a great price ! And so many sizes to choose from ! I use this wire for making Alabama Rigs and it works great !
 Whay can i say , this wire is top notch , i use it for king fishing , and it has always performed well , will but again , i like it much better than some of the generics out there
 After all , its wire leader . What can possibly be wrong with it ? Price was great , shipping was great . No complaints from me .
 I have been wreslting for 10 years and i have found that ASICS is the best supplyer of wreslting equipment and especaly singats i love the high cut becasue im a bigger guy so more is better not like the littel guys thay thing less is better well its whatever you like wearing i prefire the longer high cut singlets ...
 It does n't get any better than this . The actual football they use in the NFL games . Top of the line .
 I bought this ball for my nephews for Christmas . My husband is a big football fan and has played semi-pro ball . He only buys this type of ball . He 's tried many others , but this is the one he likes best . My only complaint is that it took a little longer to get to them than I thought it should . That may be the manufacturer 's fault , though . Anyway , they love the football .
 The Item a Wilson F1100 Official NFL Game Football was to be a gift , so timing was important.I was given a confirmation of the order and an ESA , as well as how it was being shipped.It arrived ahead of schedule , and in perfect condition . So I am very happy with the transaction .
 This is the real deal , it 's the football that your favorite NFL players are using on gameday . Since it 's made of real leather , it is harder to get a good grip on than the everyday synthetic footballs . Since these footballs have to pass a number of tests before they are released , it goes without saying that you can throw an awesome spiral if you get a good handle on it . Be warned , this ball can HURT when you catch it , especially in cold weather . Obviously , not the ball to get if you just want to play a game of pass and catch with your buddies , but definitely fun to own .
 Not too much you can say about this item -- it 's the genuine item , and if you ordered it , you obviously knew it beforehand . It 's a real step up for most kids to have a `` real '' game ball like the ones used in the games they watch on Sunday . Every real football fan who has played at any level or just tossed the ball around the yard should own one at least once . As usual , Amazon 's price and service were stellar .
 I was a guest of Gregg Williams the Defensive Coordinator of the New Orleans Saints for the Monday night football game versus New England on November 30th . I wanted to bring down some Official NFL Game Footballs to get autographed and Amazon.com had the balls cheaper than anyone else by $ 30.00 . Not only did I buy 4 footballs , but they were delivered in 2 or 3 days which was fantastic .
 this football is the bomb!great feel and beautiful spiral on every throw ! I can see where the `` bleeding '' of the tanning colors could be a problem . but its no big deal.this football just feels good to throw and toss around . Cant beat the price either !!
 It 's amazing , PLAY FOOTBALL.And now I can throw like Peyton Manning -LRB- I 'm Very Happy :--RRB- . Go Panthers .
 No wonder the NFL uses them . I received my F1100 NFL ball today and was skeptical at first after reading mixed reviews on this item . I took it out of the box and it was slick and hard . I followed the care instructions for cleaning and restoring the tack , and after wiping with a damp cloth and going over it with a shoe brush it is the best feeling ball i have ever had . The ball is official size so it can be big for average hands , but what do you expect , Its meant for professionals.Bottom Line
 This football is the exact one the NFL League uses . It is of the highest quality . Thanks for a great product and excellent service .
 Although it merely sits on a shelf , this Official Game Ball grabs the eye and says , `` Now that 's a fan ! '' Someday , my boys will be old enough play with it , and when that day comes , it will be official ; time to get another one , just for me ! For now , it sits next to the TV , with my mini helmets , pleading for all who come and sit to , `` LOOK AT ME ! ''
 This is THE ACTUAL BALL that the professionals of the NFL use , so how can you give it anything other than five stars . This is like driving Jeff Gordon 's stockcar or swinging Barry Bonds ' bat -- it may not be the most comfortable for you to use but it 's the real deal . If you 're buying a ball for a kid , get something easier on the hands . But this is like having the actual ball that Eli Manning threw and which David Tyree caught with his head .
 Product is as promised . The `` Duke '' is a fitting homage to one of the game 's great men .
 I was able to purchase this product at a cheaper price than other sites were offering and I recieved this product on time according to the shipping estimate that was given . I am satisfied with this particular shopping experience .
 Since this is a real professional ball , and not a kid 's ball , I like the way I feel when holding it . I enjoy my football games more when I am gripping this ball and passing it around to my buddies .
 Game Day Pro Ball - The best ball for recreating awesome plays in your backyard or better yet in your living room !!! This ball rocks !!
 My Wilson F1100 Official NFL Game Football arrived days before it was scheduled to and in excellent condition . I would like to thank you for the fast shipping and the good quality of this product.I would , also , like to see you open up a line of hand-sewn NFL team logo patches . I think that would be a good collector 's item.Your satisfied customer , David Ewing
 This is the official football used by the NFL and you 'll be paying for it . If you want an affordable , durable , all-weather football , there are great balls by Spaulding , Nike , even Wilson , in the $ 20 - $ 40 range.Now that does n't mean the Wilson F1100 official football is a rip-off , just realize what you 're buying . It 's a great ball , with a great feel , that is pretty durable . If you 've played basketball with a leather ball , you 'll recognize that a leather ball is not as sticky as the high tact , composite-leather balls we 're mostly used to playing with . That 's not to say it 's slippery as a wet fish either , but the slight difference in material is worth noting.A football that costs upwards of $ 70 is mostly for the fact that you 're getting the official ball used by the NFL . If you want the authentic football that you see your favorite players using , then this is the football for you . If you 're looking for a good ol' fashioned ball that you wo n't mind getting scuffed and dirty -LRB- as all footballs get , this one included -RRB- then there are lots of much cheaper footballs out there that perform just as effectively .
 This is the best football . Period . Yes , it can be more slippery than a composite . But , look at it this way , if you can learn to thrown and catch with these , you are going to be better overall . My son is a QB who has played youth , HS , and semi-pro and we go outside and play catch regularly and have literally worked with hundred of footballs . This is our favorite . It is the right size , and it just has such a great feel and perfect flight trajectory . You CAN definitely tell the difference . Also , both my son and I have just normal sized hands and we have no problem throwing . Anyone who has trouble throwing and believes it is hand size related just needs to put in more time on the throwing . Heck my son used to throw full NFL size balls when he was 10 with no problem . Technique is a huge part of it . When I bought this last -LRB- we buy 1 to 2 a year because we use and abuse the balls -RRB- I bought this one and the best quality composite because we wanted to compare them directly . There is no comparison . This one rocks and we NEVER use the composite when we play catch . We saw a little bit of the coloring come off on our hands in the beginning , but nothing significant . There is one review on here that would make you believe these things bleed color ... that is just not the case . We originally bought the two balls thinking we would use The Duke in good weather and the composite in crappy weather ... but really , we just use the Duke all the time . Ours is now about 8 months old and it is extra slippery from all the use , so I am on here about to order another one . These balls make playing catch a pleasure and if you can get over the price -LRB- which is not all that bad here really -RRB- you will not regret going with this ball . From the moment you unpack this ball , you know you are playing with the best equipment available . Love it .
 I bought this football about 6 months ago , and it has held up pretty good . I agree , you must have medium-large hands to throw this . It is easy to catch , and you will not drop as many passes . It is somewhate hard to run with though . It holds up very nice , it has no real signs of wear . I recommend it . It takes a while to get used to , but what you do it will be worth it . If you throw right , it will launch a perfect spiral . You can usually hit at least 35 yards , and more if you are stronger . It stays pumped well , and is easy to put air into . However , it is next to impossible to throw if the ball is wet or your hands are sweaty -LCB- I was playing a game where it started to rain , I could barely throw it -RCB- Still a good buy .
 The moment I opened the box , the leather smell that hit my nose , I instantly knew this ball was made for champions . It has a great grip , feels amazingly sturdy and durable . You have n't played with a football until you play with this one . The box also comes with care instructions on how to bring back the tackiness , if lost . This football is so high quality , that feels like a collectible , instead of an item you play with . Every football fan , collector and enthusiast should get this football , and at $ 58 it 's a steal ! And yes , the football feels kinda `` hard '' , but what do you expect ? This is no child 's toy , this is a 100 % Professional level football . And once again , you have n't played with a football until you try this one !
 Beautiful ball ! As a lot of reviews mention , the ball is very `` hard '' . It 's hard to imagine pros catching these balls when they 're fired out of Favre 's or Cutler 's cannon . I would recommend buying receivers gloves if you use this ball more than casually . Easy to grip and fun to throw . Not recommended for children for the obvious size of the ball and the chance of them ruining it on the pavement ...
 As described , awesome football ! Son is very happy to have a decent football to play with . Great feel , grip and quality!Highly Recommend !
 IT IS A GREAT FOOTBALL BUT IS HARD TO GRIP IF YOU DO N'T HAVE REAL LARGE HANDS AND IS SLIPPERY .
 I 'm from The Netherlands so not really familiar with american football -LRB- as of yet -RRB- but more with real football we play here . But i can savely say that this ball is simply excellent !!! I recommend this ball to everyone in de US as well as in Holland and the rest of Europe -LRB- the whole world even -RRB- , top quality ! The grip , weight and size are just perfect and you can through it really far . . like 45-50 meters at least -LRB- do n't know in yards -RRB- .
 This Browning Excelsior is a heavy duty fabric sleeping bag designed for cold weather use , and is extra wide and long . The cover is thick and appears to be tear resisstant . The zippers are heavy gauge and work well , although do get hung up when zipping . A well made product .
 Excellent , easy to follow cardio routine for the JumpSport trampoline with the bar . Not to difficult for the uncoordinated person and fun . I 'm getting stronger every day .
 I got this DVD because it is specifically for the Trampoline with the HANDLE added . It incorporates all the moves you can make using the HANDLE.If you are getting the ` Handle ' , it is a must . Love it !
 Purchased this for a Nagant revolver and it fits great . So far so good ! I would recommend to anyone looking for a cheap holster option for a Nagant .
 It is low priced and a good fit for a Ruger LC9 gun . It seems to be made of sturdy material that will last .
 This is a very good indoor workout . The workouts are demanding , and the coach is the right balance between friend and foe . Overall , it 's a good addition to off-season training . It 's definitely part of my mix .
 Perfect for winter indoor training . I 've gotten more out of these training dvd 's than my previous works outs done on my own . They definitely push you to the limit and beyond
 This is my second DVD by CTS and it did not disappoint . Would be better without all the plugs for CTS products .
 Although I use this wire for a slightly different use , I 'm happy with it 's quality.What I do is , take about 8 inches of wire , take two hooks , and bend the eye hole to a 90 degree angle , slide a hook up to about 2 inches from the top , and slide the second hook about 4 inches lower than the top hook , then with two pliers , I pull taught both knots at the same time , otherwise if you pull the knots tight individually , then you end up causing a crimp in the wire in between the two hooks . I then tie in a double barrel swivel on top , so I can easily attach it to any swivel . With the extra wire on the bottom , I cut it right below the knot on the bottom hook , and use that to tie the top hook to the wire . With this setup , you slip a worm over the bottom hook , then attach it to the top hook . With a wire this thin -LRB- 27lbs test , -RRB- in the water it just appears to be a worm swimming in the water , and when a fish bites the worm from behind , it catches the hook.You can probably use a thinner wire , one with less test pounds , but 27 test pounds was the cheapest , but anyway , this wire knots very cleanly , and stays straight even with a knot , something that 's impossible to do with a braided wire . The only thing to consider is , using a wire with a thinner test pounds , for a softer wire to make cleaner connections , unless you have the appropriate tools to deal with a wire with memory . Anyway , nothing has to be perfect , afterall , the fish do n't care .
 This wire is high quality with an excellent finish . I found the pricing reasonable compared to alternatives . Recommended without hesitation .
 Great wire at a great price ! And so many sizes to choose from ! I use this wire for making Alabama Rigs and it works great !
 Whay can i say , this wire is top notch , i use it for king fishing , and it has always performed well , will but again , i like it much better than some of the generics out there
 After all , its wire leader . What can possibly be wrong with it ? Price was great , shipping was great . No complaints from me .
 purchased a 100-foot spool of the 10-lb test , along with a 100-pack of the size 0 -LRB- 0.025 -RRB- sleeves to build some light tackle leaders for fishing in the Gulf surf ... one of the leaders i built handled ladyfish -LRB- which normally abrade and cut bare 4-lb test mono -RRB- and also helped me land a nice 2-lb pompano on 4-lb test - tons of fun , and no more lost rigs!SUGGESTION FOR MANUFACTURER
 Uniform coating of wire . Good strenght for diameter , flexible and easy to use . Resistes weathering conditions well . Consider smaller break strength for improved flexibility depending on your needs .
 Loop it through , twist it around , and hold it over a candle to lightly melt the coating and you will have a quality leader of any length .
 As a fresh water fly fisherman I don ' t actually use this product fishing , but as an apprentice falconer I 've found it to work fabulously in preparing traps .
 the product is good l , m happy with it ! !! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 After having a great deal of difficulty in finding &#34; picture hanging cable &#34; to hang a very heavy mirror , I thought perhaps steel leader would be a good alternative to try . I was right . This stuff is 1/3 the gauge of the weak , cheap cable sold specifically for hanging pictures -LRB- that broke every time I tried lifting the mirror off the floor -RRB- and it 's many times stronger -LRB- 135 lb test -RRB- and less expensive . The Nylon coating should help ensure that the cable does not cut or abrade over time.I had the wife 's new mirror strung and hung in minutes and earned a few &#34; brownie points &#34; for keeping the cost of the project down and the mirror in one piece . .
 I bought this to use for a mousing line on my anchor shackle . So far , it has completely fulfilled that need .
 I have been wreslting for 10 years and i have found that ASICS is the best supplyer of wreslting equipment and especaly singats i love the high cut becasue im a bigger guy so more is better not like the littel guys thay thing less is better well its whatever you like wearing i prefire the longer high cut singlets ...
 Very rugged and portable . No matter what rod you use it 'll hold it . Last 's forever as well . Highly recommend these ! Been using them for 10 + years . Had to get another cause I gave one to my brother .
 I use this chair for hours a day , Monday through Friday . I have a bad neck and upper back , and this chair REALLY helps ! It does tend to make your butt muscles ache a bit , especially when you first get it . The first month I had it , I would switch back and forth between this chair and my regular chair until I built up the butt muscles . I recommended it to many people .
 I just love this chair ! I use it for my desk chair at work , 50 + hours a week , constantly at the computer . I 've been using it for nearly a year and my lower back problems are no longer bothered at all by the long hours of sitting.The cushion on your `` seat '' is adjustable by how much you inflate the ball . If you inflate fully and it 's too firm , let a little air out for a softer , more cushy seat.The back rest is not meant to lean against ... just to occasionally lightly touch your back and encourage proper posture . With this chair , I 'm much more likely to sit up straight with good posture -- for which my lower back is very grateful ! The ergonomic chairs I 've used before have left me feeling so stiff and in so much pain at the end of the work day , I could n't do anything after work . Now at the end of the day , my back does n't hurt , and I feel like I 've been working my core ... not to the point of soreness ... just strengthening it.Other people at my office have purchased these chairs and love them as well .
 My wife and I work in a home office environment and have 2 of the Herman Miller high-end posture chairs.chairs . We sit most of the day on computers , on the phone or doing paperwork . I bought the Isokinetics executive ball chair in Dec 2008 . We both agree that the ball-chair helps improve posture and balance while sitting . I am 5 ' 8 '' , the minimum suggested height , and initially found it awkward when sitting because my legs barley touched . But now I can sit comfortably - am thinking the ball stretched and gives more now .
 I use this at my desk at work every day . It helps to keep my core strengthened and so relieves back pain for me .
 I LOVE my Ball Chair . This is the second one I 've bought because I wanted a second one for another desk . They are truly amazing , simply made , but they WORK ! I am a yoga teacher and know about correct posture and this chair does it . I could sit at my desk all day without moving and my back would be in perfect alignment . If you 're overweight , this might not apply . Think about that first . The ball should be completely inflated and kept that way , but it 's easy to do and there is a little pump included.LOVE IT !!!!
 This is a shirt , very comfortable and durable material for daily use I am very satisfied with this high quality product qualifies her as one of the best shirts on the market .
 I purchased a Schwinn Clear Creek Comfort bike at a garage sale with a damaged seat post . This was the perfect replacement . My first order arrived with the post missing from the envelope , but Amazon customer support , quickly overnighted a replacement .
 This seat post was exactly what I expected it to be -LRB- a normal steel seat post -RRB- . It fit into the department store Schwinn that I have , which is the standard size seat post that most department store bikes have . The price was cheap .
 exactly as described , quality product . a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p
 Good quality ! Arrived in one piece . Works great . Have n't had any problems . It 's currently on my bike . Works great ! Love it ! Just perfect .
 Under Armour is a great alternative to a T-shirt . I 'm used to wearing just my uniform for baseball and it gets all wet but the Under Armour prevents that from hapening any more .
 Although I use this wire for a slightly different use , I 'm happy with it 's quality.What I do is , take about 8 inches of wire , take two hooks , and bend the eye hole to a 90 degree angle , slide a hook up to about 2 inches from the top , and slide the second hook about 4 inches lower than the top hook , then with two pliers , I pull taught both knots at the same time , otherwise if you pull the knots tight individually , then you end up causing a crimp in the wire in between the two hooks . I then tie in a double barrel swivel on top , so I can easily attach it to any swivel . With the extra wire on the bottom , I cut it right below the knot on the bottom hook , and use that to tie the top hook to the wire . With this setup , you slip a worm over the bottom hook , then attach it to the top hook . With a wire this thin -LRB- 27lbs test , -RRB- in the water it just appears to be a worm swimming in the water , and when a fish bites the worm from behind , it catches the hook.You can probably use a thinner wire , one with less test pounds , but 27 test pounds was the cheapest , but anyway , this wire knots very cleanly , and stays straight even with a knot , something that 's impossible to do with a braided wire . The only thing to consider is , using a wire with a thinner test pounds , for a softer wire to make cleaner connections , unless you have the appropriate tools to deal with a wire with memory . Anyway , nothing has to be perfect , afterall , the fish do n't care .
 This wire is high quality with an excellent finish . I found the pricing reasonable compared to alternatives . Recommended without hesitation .
 Great wire at a great price ! And so many sizes to choose from ! I use this wire for making Alabama Rigs and it works great !
 Whay can i say , this wire is top notch , i use it for king fishing , and it has always performed well , will but again , i like it much better than some of the generics out there
 After all , its wire leader . What can possibly be wrong with it ? Price was great , shipping was great . No complaints from me .
 This product is so durable . No need to worry about breakage at all . A good investment . Go for it . I highly recommend this fishing wire .
 I have used the 40lb and 26lb Surflon Micro Surpreme -LRB- `` SMS '' -RRB- fishing for Tiger Fish in the Zambezi . Tiger have extremely sharp interlocking teeth , and a strong river fish of 10 - 15lb is common . When using cut bait or live bait with circle hooks , the SMS is ideal . Firstly it is easily knotable , and with a bit of practise you can snell the circle hooks to the trace without any kinking or `` pigs tails '' . This results in excellent bait presentation , and reliable hook up ratios . Secondly , when under tension a wire trace can `` spring '' a circle hook out a fish 's gullet before it sets in the corner of the mouth . SMS is so limp this can never happen . Thirdly , when using wire the bait often slides up the trace onto the swivel when fighting a fish , resulting in another member of the school biting you off through the braid or mono . This will never happen with woven trace like SMS . Why not 5 stars ? The only complaint is durability - after a good fish the nylon coating around the woven 49 strand steel gets worn and frayed , effecting bait presentation and hence needing replacement . But given SMS ' a reasonable price , I tie a few extra traces and replace often . Alternatives - the new woven titanium Surfstrand is also knotable , although I found it too springy to snell . It is also fantastic trace , limp , unbelievably thin for its strength , and flexible . Also very durable , but very costly -LRB- the standard pack has only 10 feet of trace -RRB- . All in all SMS is a wonderful product I will be using on my next trip . The 100m spool is much much better value for money .
 Bought some of this about 5 years ago in N.C. and have n't been able to find it around here , -LRB- S.D. & NE . -RRB- Easy to tie hooks for pike . Works great .
 This product was just what i needed for the items i make , i use it for fishing flies , works excellent for my product , thank you barrie
 My grandson has worn out the less sturdy lacrosse nets . Got him a better net and the target for Christmas . He could n't wait to get it set up .
 My husband and son bought PVC pipe and created a cheap frame to attach this to since we did not have the LAX goal . They love it .
 Under Armour is a great alternative to a T-shirt . I 'm used to wearing just my uniform for baseball and it gets all wet but the Under Armour prevents that from hapening any more .
 This product is so durable . No need to worry about breakage at all . A good investment . Go for it . I highly recommend this fishing wire .
 I have used the 40lb and 26lb Surflon Micro Surpreme -LRB- `` SMS '' -RRB- fishing for Tiger Fish in the Zambezi . Tiger have extremely sharp interlocking teeth , and a strong river fish of 10 - 15lb is common . When using cut bait or live bait with circle hooks , the SMS is ideal . Firstly it is easily knotable , and with a bit of practise you can snell the circle hooks to the trace without any kinking or `` pigs tails '' . This results in excellent bait presentation , and reliable hook up ratios . Secondly , when under tension a wire trace can `` spring '' a circle hook out a fish 's gullet before it sets in the corner of the mouth . SMS is so limp this can never happen . Thirdly , when using wire the bait often slides up the trace onto the swivel when fighting a fish , resulting in another member of the school biting you off through the braid or mono . This will never happen with woven trace like SMS . Why not 5 stars ? The only complaint is durability - after a good fish the nylon coating around the woven 49 strand steel gets worn and frayed , effecting bait presentation and hence needing replacement . But given SMS ' a reasonable price , I tie a few extra traces and replace often . Alternatives - the new woven titanium Surfstrand is also knotable , although I found it too springy to snell . It is also fantastic trace , limp , unbelievably thin for its strength , and flexible . Also very durable , but very costly -LRB- the standard pack has only 10 feet of trace -RRB- . All in all SMS is a wonderful product I will be using on my next trip . The 100m spool is much much better value for money .
 Bought some of this about 5 years ago in N.C. and have n't been able to find it around here , -LRB- S.D. & NE . -RRB- Easy to tie hooks for pike . Works great .
 This product was just what i needed for the items i make , i use it for fishing flies , works excellent for my product , thank you barrie
 This product is so durable . No need to worry about breakage at all . A good investment . Go for it . I highly recommend this fishing wire .
 I have used the 40lb and 26lb Surflon Micro Surpreme -LRB- `` SMS '' -RRB- fishing for Tiger Fish in the Zambezi . Tiger have extremely sharp interlocking teeth , and a strong river fish of 10 - 15lb is common . When using cut bait or live bait with circle hooks , the SMS is ideal . Firstly it is easily knotable , and with a bit of practise you can snell the circle hooks to the trace without any kinking or `` pigs tails '' . This results in excellent bait presentation , and reliable hook up ratios . Secondly , when under tension a wire trace can `` spring '' a circle hook out a fish 's gullet before it sets in the corner of the mouth . SMS is so limp this can never happen . Thirdly , when using wire the bait often slides up the trace onto the swivel when fighting a fish , resulting in another member of the school biting you off through the braid or mono . This will never happen with woven trace like SMS . Why not 5 stars ? The only complaint is durability - after a good fish the nylon coating around the woven 49 strand steel gets worn and frayed , effecting bait presentation and hence needing replacement . But given SMS ' a reasonable price , I tie a few extra traces and replace often . Alternatives - the new woven titanium Surfstrand is also knotable , although I found it too springy to snell . It is also fantastic trace , limp , unbelievably thin for its strength , and flexible . Also very durable , but very costly -LRB- the standard pack has only 10 feet of trace -RRB- . All in all SMS is a wonderful product I will be using on my next trip . The 100m spool is much much better value for money .
 Bought some of this about 5 years ago in N.C. and have n't been able to find it around here , -LRB- S.D. & NE . -RRB- Easy to tie hooks for pike . Works great .
 This product was just what i needed for the items i make , i use it for fishing flies , works excellent for my product , thank you barrie
 My mom bought this bike and I liked hers so much that I bought one myself . I 've had it 2 years and used it so much that I 've already replaced the belt . It took a bit but we finally got the new belt on right and it 's just as good as when I bought it . The only warning is pay close attention when you replace it because if not done right , it 's very hard to peddle . Once we figured it out , I 'm back on it 4 to 5 times a week .
 I bought this bag for my son 's Webelo campouts and other father-son backcountry trips . We 've used it twice in the three weeks we 've owned it and overall , it 's great ! It fits a 4 ' 6 '' kid and has some room to grow without having too much extra room -LRB- therefore needing extra body heat to keep it warm -RRB- . On some near freezing nights in the Blue Ridge Mountains , he slept like a log . Since it is fairly lightweight I was also able to add it to his pack instead of mine , making my load easier to pack and carry : ~ -RRB- He still ca n't get it back into the stuff sack on his own , but that 's what camping partners are for . I did a lot of shopping on a lot of websites and was glad I did my homework . Hood , pillow compartment and inner pocket were all used . Definitely recommended .
 The shorts arrived prompty and as described . They are great for my daughter to wear under her lacrosse skirt .
 this short has freedom of movement and you want that when in the gym . It 's also very comfy .
 I wear these shorts in Bikram -LRB- hot ! -RRB- yoga class , and I find them to be quite comfortable . I am very pleased with how they fit , how they feel , how they look and how fast they dry after I wash them -LRB- I always air dry my sports stuff . -RRB- I will probably buy a few more pairs of these shorts , because eventually I know I 'm going to wear them out ! I wash and wear them at least five days a week , and even though they seem very substantial , all abused clothes eventually do say `` enough ! '' But so far so good . I recommend these shorts .
 Bought these for my daughter that plays volleyball . She said they are comfortable , but do ride up your leg . But I dont think there is a shorty short that doesnt . She has adidas too and they do the same .
 I work in a warehouse where temperatures can easily reach 100 to 110 . These shorts are great when it comes to staying dry . I do wish they were a little longer .
 I wore these under my wedding dress . It was one of the best decisions I made about the whole day ! They were very comfortable , stayed in place , and kept me cool and dry . No chafing !!
 these are wonderful shorts . great compression and fit . they look and fit the same wash after wash and are so comfortable that I will probably order more pairs .
 These are the best running shorts - for my long runs -LRB- over 5 miles -RRB- I only wear these . They breathe well and wick away moisture , which is what I need the most . Highly recommended .
 An Under Armour fan who loves support when exercising . This product not only provides support , but it compliments the figure like no other . Go Under Armour and keep exercising ...
 As described in the description . Good picture too . These shorts are not too short and not too long . Bought more than one .
 Loved the material these are made of and how they keep you cool when running !
 Perfect short for physically demanding exercise . Love the 2 '' in-seam , anything more is just too much coverage for me . I use them for biking and running .
 My kids and I love this goggles . The only product that would be superior to this is a paintball mask .
 First off , the frame on this is very solid , and the lenses seem to be fairly durable . As a stress test , I shot these with a 330FPS Airsoft gun from 2 inches away and they were completely undamaged . However , it does not say anywhere whether they are ANSI certified -LRB- which means they probably are n't -RRB- , so I 'd be wary using these at an actual Airsoft game , especially with higher powered Airsoft guns . As with all goggles , I recommend putting them through stress tests before trusting them to protect your eyes . Despite the `` anti-fog vents '' , these do fog up , so make sure you get some anti-fog spray , or the poor-man 's solution , soapy water . For applications other than being shot in the eyes with 6mm plastic BBs , these are great goggles , at a great price .
 You ca n't beat the price on these , and they are top of the line . Company is a pleasure to do business with . No hassles.These are light weight with all the protection you need . 5 Stars
 Full Service Comfort for Short Catchers.I 'm 5 foot 6 inches and wanted pro-style in a short-legged size . 12 inch foot to knee length is about right and these are full featured -LSB- and way affordable -RSB- . TIP - use the thigh pad strap alone and toss the behind-the-knee strap -LSB- unless you 're a skinny-mini and the shin guards rotate around your legs when you run -RSB-
 This is a shirt , very comfortable and durable material for daily use I am very satisfied with this high quality product qualifies her as one of the best shirts on the market .
 I bought this for my wife , who has never been camping before . It 's pretty good , although I think the little pouch for the MP3 player is a bit over the top . But then again , I 'm pushing 40 .
 This is a shirt , very comfortable and durable material for daily use I am very satisfied with this high quality product qualifies her as one of the best shirts on the market .
 This product is so durable . No need to worry about breakage at all . A good investment . Go for it . I highly recommend this fishing wire .
 I have used the 40lb and 26lb Surflon Micro Surpreme -LRB- `` SMS '' -RRB- fishing for Tiger Fish in the Zambezi . Tiger have extremely sharp interlocking teeth , and a strong river fish of 10 - 15lb is common . When using cut bait or live bait with circle hooks , the SMS is ideal . Firstly it is easily knotable , and with a bit of practise you can snell the circle hooks to the trace without any kinking or `` pigs tails '' . This results in excellent bait presentation , and reliable hook up ratios . Secondly , when under tension a wire trace can `` spring '' a circle hook out a fish 's gullet before it sets in the corner of the mouth . SMS is so limp this can never happen . Thirdly , when using wire the bait often slides up the trace onto the swivel when fighting a fish , resulting in another member of the school biting you off through the braid or mono . This will never happen with woven trace like SMS . Why not 5 stars ? The only complaint is durability - after a good fish the nylon coating around the woven 49 strand steel gets worn and frayed , effecting bait presentation and hence needing replacement . But given SMS ' a reasonable price , I tie a few extra traces and replace often . Alternatives - the new woven titanium Surfstrand is also knotable , although I found it too springy to snell . It is also fantastic trace , limp , unbelievably thin for its strength , and flexible . Also very durable , but very costly -LRB- the standard pack has only 10 feet of trace -RRB- . All in all SMS is a wonderful product I will be using on my next trip . The 100m spool is much much better value for money .
 This product was just what i needed for the items i make , i use it for fishing flies , works excellent for my product , thank you barrie
 i hv just field tested 2 of these packs . the small + large . i am giving these packs 5 stars . they held up nicely . half the tm coming down the mountain we found these sliding down + not on purpose . i cant tell you tht they re big + roomy ... they re not . bt the hydration kit was helpful + the mossy oak design was pleasing to the kids + i kinda dig it mys . the small sz was too big for our 3 yr old ... bt it did fit the 5 yr old . they are of gd quality . i got them frm e bags . too bad i couldnt get the philipino girl to come with us tht helped me on the phone . tht was my only complaint .
 I was really impressed with how quiet this elliptical trainer is . I 've read reviews of other elliptical trainers in which noise was an issue . It is n't the case with this . It accommodates a good range of heights -LRB- from 5 ' to 6 ' + -RRB- and is practically a gym quality unit.My complaints -LRB- which made me deduct 1 star -RRB- : - Quality Control issues with the console . My electronic console 's fan was extremely noisy . -LRB- The EX75 has a built in fan -RRB- . The fan was noisier than the elliptical trainer ! This was probably due to wiring getting in the way of the fan . The internal design is n't all that great for the electronic console , it 's possible for the wires to touch the fan ... you will be connecting 4 wires and then trying to stash them away , so the possibility of the wires touching the fan blades are real . In case that was n't the cause of the noise , I called customer service . They were very helpful and concerned and sent me a replacement . The problem was the replacement had loose speakers inside . -LRB- It turns out that most of the electronic components are held in place with ... melted glue from a hot glue gun -RRB- . So I had to call customer service again ... the next unit worked fine and I sent the others back with a UPS label . Customer service is very helpful , so even if you have a problem with the console , they 'll get you through it . - Instruction Manual is n't that great . It 's shared with the EX55 and EX65 models . I 'd want a more extensive manual about the EX75 , especially detailing the different training modes more extensively . I 'd also want a DVD -LRB- or at least a videotape -RRB- with some training details . After all , I can get a training tape with some cheap $ 100 exercise equipment . The manual should also detail better how to drag the wires from the base of the unit through the vertical mast to the electronic console better . It 's not an easy task ... I had to improvise with a long stick I had in the garage . I 'm not sure how I would have done it if I just followed the manual . - The electrical cord for powering the resistance of the flywheel and the electronic console is very cheap . It 's the kind of off-the-shelf adaptor you 'll get for a Radio Shack gizmo with the thin , curled wire . The power cable from my old Playstation -LRB- yep , the one from 1990 -RRB- was of a better quality.So those are my complaints . But if you can get past them , this unit performs VERY well.Some things to keep in mind for this model -LRB- and probably other models as well -RRB- : - You are not supposed to use this in a garage or unheated basement . Water could damage the unit . You also should n't use it if it 's kept in extreme temperatures . - Make sure you have enough ceiling height . You will be elevated almost a foot higher when using this machine . - I 'd recommend using a power strip with surge protection . First , the cheap power adaptor may not be long enough for you . And secondly , if you get a power surge , you may have a bulky , 200 pound paperweight .
 For $ 800 you get an ultra quiet , well built , sturdy machine . This is money well spent and for me $ 800.00 is alot of cash so when I went searching for an elliptical I did a lot of reading up on them.The warranty is by far the best on the market , the 18 '' stride is great -LRB- I am 5-11 , 207 pounds -RRB- . Its exremely low impact which is great for folks like me with bad shin splints ! Easy to put together since I did myself in a little over an hour . The display is easy to use and read . It is very quiet and does not rock back and forth or sway from side to side . I have been using it almost every day of the week . This is not my first elliptical but I hope its my last for a long time . Good luck all!I have had this machine for almost a month . It still seems like a great buy to me and I have been using italmost every day . Unlike alot of machines I read about this machine has a little fan built in that works . The built in speaker is kinda neat but is not the best . I have my machine near my pc anyhow so I wont use this feature much any how . I will update my review sometime up the road so all of you future buyers can have an honest opinion . Good luck and great health and fitness to all ! * UPDATE may 18th , 2008I have now been using this machine for over a year . 0 malfunctions and has held up very well . I would recommend this machine highly . Happy shopping and good heath folks !
 Got this from Amazon . The product arrived pretty quick . Took my wife and I about 1hr to put everything together.I use it for 30 min . and I was sweating like crazy . I also like the built-in fan and speaker where you can hook up your ipod and listen to the music . THe forward peddling motion is a lot better than the reverse . There are some system out there that has smoother action , but personally , those system never really give me a true workout.This model is not Precor , but it 's not $ 2000 either . For the price , a home model , you ca n't really go wrong with this system .
 My family absolutely loves this machine . It has tons of different styles of workouts to do . I 've had a long history of running , and this thing gets my heart rate going and gets me huffing a puffing . The only complaint that I have , is that it squeaks . We 've tried a lot of different things to stop the squeaking , some days it does n't squeak , and others it does .
 We just received ours yesterday . Came packaged well and took less than an hour to carefully put it together . Strong construction and very sturdy . I was n't expecting gym quality , but honestly this is model is just as good as those $ 3K Ellipticals . We are very pleased with this purchase and you will be too .
 Built solid , enjoyable to use and not at all difficult or time consuming to assemble . I am very happy with this equipment and the $ 800 sale price is a very good deal for this model . Only criticism is the box it was packed in was n't sturdy enough for the weight and was falling apart when I got it .
 I 'm completely satisfied . Not only is this a well made product that does what it says it will do ; but the company 's support is the best ! No hesitation to help with problems or supply needed parts . They 're simply the best .
 I finally received my trainer after almost a month , 24 days to be exact ! The item shipped to a nearby warehouse the day after placing the order only to sit there . I contacted Amazon several times and Amazon promised to remedy the issue . On one occasion Amazon promised to ship item again but , it never happened . Amazon did not provide quality support in my opinion .
 I have gone through brand after brand in t shirts to fine something will stand up to well water , and with these shirts I definitely found that . Almost 15 washes in and the shirts still hold up well .
 I will go over all aspects of my order and my gun in detail because there are no other reviews . -LRB- go to the conclusion for a quick review -RRB- Concerning the order and the company OPAI emailed them 3 times a time about the product specifications , once about purchasing an extra clip , and last about my standing order . THEY DID NOT RESPOND ONCE OR GIVE ANY SIGN OF ACKNOWLEDGMENT . This severely upset me and after not receiving the product after 10 days i was thinking of canceling my payment . However , the next day the gun came!Sadly , the package was already open . I panicked but realized they had tested the gun with a different battery because only access to the gun was open.The productThere are no accessories except it comes with about 2000 extra .12 g neon yellow BBS that I 'm planning on giving away or throwing away because of the color -LRB- to visible on our lawn -RRB- weight and quality . Also it comes with a speed loader which was of common but sturdy build.The `` grenade launcher '' could also be considered an accessory because of it 's low quality . In reality it is just a very low powered shotgun . When i shot the first few rounds it shot about 40 feet with extremely low accuracy . Later it jammed and now shoots 5 feet . BUT , it looks very cool and is a nice grip . -LRB- it 's not detachable as far as i know -RRB- Now for the good part ! The battery is a ni-mh -LRB- a higher and better quality battery than na-cd -RRB- with 1100 mah with a 450 output mah charger . The directions for the gun are for a different gun but do help slightly . When i took it out for a test run i literally jumped with joy . My last airsoft gun was a LAEG with barely 200 fps . The automatic and semiautomatic completely burst past my expectations . It shoots over 120 feet -LRB- the length of my driveway -RRB- with very good accuracy . The gun has many metal parts including the barrel and magazine . So , it is heavy compared to my plastic LAEG . The clip only holds about 50-55 BBS but is satisfactory . Use .2 g BBS and they sting slightly even with 2 sweatshirts on from 50 feet away . I believe the advertised 310 fps is with .2 g.TESTING TIME - I called up my neighbor and told him it had arrived . He came over and we soon engaged in combat . He had a 450fps sniper , 350 fps co2 pistol , and a 300 fps automatic . I had this gun and my 300fps spring pistol . My automatic SLAUGHTERED his . The limited clip hampered me but i was able to hide and reload . The war was a lot more fun and even at one point i used automatic and the shotgun when he tried to flank me . -LRB- he defiantly regretted that -RRB- . Attaching a sling helped a lot also.CONCLUSIONThe appearance is nice and the gun is heavy . The shooting capabilities of the automatic are DEFIANTLY worth the $ 67 spent . The shotgun is worthless and is n't even a good backup . This seller i would not recommend . The reasons it got a 4 than a 5 is because of the seller and shotgun . If you can find extra clips buy one .
 The bike stem expander is a hard too find vintage bike part . And it worked great for my 1955 RollFast . Thank to Amazon and stem expander my bike is back on the road . Thank you
 This wire leader is good stuff and worthy of five stars . The other reviewer should have not given the product one star for a mistake made by Amazon , so I figured I would help balance it out .
 I received this treadmill as a gift just yesterday . I found it to be easy enough to put together by myself . But use your own tools versus the ones that it comes with . Makes things go faster . I found that if you do n't tighten all of the bolts until the very end , it makes things a little easier when adding the control panel to the handles . One thing that was n't obvious or included in the instruction manual -LRB- at least I did n't see it -RRB- was where the power switch was . It 's located near the power cord . Great feature to have if you have small children who might want to play on the treadmill . You can power it off and the switch is n't in an obvious place where they can turn it on themselves . The weight loss program was a good workout . Ca n't wait to try the other ones.Hope this is helpful .
 This treadmill works fine , although there is nothing in the instructions about the incline . May be obvious to some but at first I could n't figure out how to change it . Also it 's not easy to put together . The control panel fits on top of the legs but it 's almost impossible to line them up with the holes and screws properly . Great value for the price but do n't put it together alone .
 I 've used this treadmill probably about 10 to 15 times . So far , so good ! As long as it keeps working the way it does , the price is definitely right ! You do need one other person to help you set it up . It 's not difficult to set up . You mainly just need another set of eyes and someone to hold it in place . For those of you who want a treadmill that inclines -LRB- like you 're walking up a hill -RRB- , be aware that this treadmill does not do that . But it 's $ 400 out the door -LRB- and delivered -RRB- ! One ca n't be too picky at that price !
 This treadmill was easy to put together -LRB- I did it by myself -RRB- and works great . Folds up easily .
 i really love this treadmill ; it really holds up very well . for me , it was not that difficult to put together , if you read the instructions you should be able to get it sooner rather than later . i have had some people come to use this treadmill that `` challenged '' the weight limit and it held up wonderfully . it 's really a great price and a great piece of machine !
 I purchased this with the hope that it would n't take up too much room in my 700 square foot apartment . It is great , I carried it from the car to my house and put it together . It was really easy ... It works great . Very good deal for the money ...
 This product is great ! It was a great price and shipped quickly . My husband put it together within 15 mins with his own tools , a few adjustments and you are on your way . .
 I recently bought this unit . Fixing nuts & bots was n't straight forward but it was not very difficult either . It folds well -LRB- ie takes less place -RRB- and worth every penny . If you are looking for something below $ 500 and small size unit -LRB- < 250 lb -RRB- this is the one . Beware Eagle transport didnt help me put this unit in my house they left it at the door steps .
 I just got this treadmill , and I really like it . I do see that maybe in the furture I will need to upgrade . But for the money spent , this treadmill is well worth it . I run on it everyday , I run everyday anyways since I 'm in the military . But to have a treadmill at home is great , and this one does the job . I really like my new treadmill , and I see me using it alot .
 I 've been using this each day for a week now , and unless something goes horribly wrong -LRB- in which case , I 'll update the review -RRB- , it is an excellent product for a simple , straightforward workout . I only use this for walking , not jogging/running , and at the moment , only for half an hour a day , so I ca n't comment on how it works for more intense treatment . Contrary to some of the reviews , I did n't find it difficult to assemble . I 'm a not-very-fit woman under 5ft tall , and I put it together myself in about 11/2 hours -LRB- some advice for all self-assembly stuff - do n't tighten all the screws as you go along . Some ` out of alignment ' problems can be caused by fully tightening one section too soon -RRB- . The width and length seem reasonable -LRB- a 5ft6 friend had no problems striding out on it , and running on it -RRB- , it has several pre-set programs to assist in weight loss and muscle tone if you want to use them , and a good range of speeds and incline levels and clear displays on the monitor . I think the heart-rate indicator is probably inaccurate , but I 'm not bothered about that . I just want a relatively cheap , reliable , basic product to help me get a bit fitter , and this model fits that bill splendidly .
 This machine , treadmill is perfect for me and my home . It folds up so I can put it away , it has several workout programs and has several areas to place items needed for a workout such as waterbottle or cd player . Im satisfied with it very much . Good price also .
 I knew buying this treadmill , I was not going to get a top quality `` Nordic '' or `` Bowflex . '' I needed an affordable , basic treadmill and this is perfect . My boyfriend assembled it by himself the evening it arrived . The price is right , and free shipping -LRB- and still quick noneless -RRB- ca n't be beat . The running track is on the small side , and I would n't suggest this model for someone on the larger side . I am 5 ' 4 '' and 140lbs and I was nervous about falling off or stepping on the sides . Overall , good buy !
 Purchased this nearly a year ago , works well for my needs , running a few times a week . Very sturdy . Only problem I have had
 I purchased this item in April 2007 . It still works very well and provides me with exactly what I was looking for . The only negatives I would have to point out is it is a little loud , which means you have to turn up the volume of the TV or radio if you use that to help occupy your time and the pulse rate check has never worked . But all in all , it is a very good treadmill and work the money . I would definitely recommend it .
 I bought this treadmill new , assembled out of box ... I 've had it for about 2 years now and use it on the average 60 minutes a day , 3 days a week . It has held up great !! Sturdy . Well built . Control panel is easy to see , easy to use , nice big buttons . The ONLY complaints I have are that the heart rate monitor has never really worked and therefore the calories burned per workout are way off ... like WAY OFF !! For 60 minutes walk at 3.0 mph , the treadmill said I burned 200 calories ... the heart rate monitor I had strapped to my chest said I burned over 400 ... big difference !! Just be warned . Otherwise great treadmill for the money ... does have a reasonable incline , folds up nice and I just push it back to the wall . I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and 160 lbs and I have done a full turbo run on that thing and it 's well made . Great deal just do n't trust the HR/calorie readout . It 's wrong : - -RRB-
 I 've had this treadmill for six months and used it regularly -LRB- at least 3 times per week -RRB- . I 've never had any problems . The treadmill was put together easily by my husband and I and he maintains the belt tautness by simple adjustments -LRB- thoroughly explained in the DVD that accompanies the purchase -RRB- . The logistical information is basic , but adequate . The running speed can be changed in increments of 0.5 mph , but this has proved more than reasonable for me . I was concerned at first about buying a `` cheap '' treadmill , but this machine is a quality piece of engineering . You will not be disappointed .
 This thing is heavy . As others stated try to have some help assembling it.Overall operation is ok . It took some getting used to not holding the handles with regards to my balance , keeping my duck like toes forward and not moving side to side as apparently I 've done for 40 + years when I walk . So , the width of the treadmill could be wider , but I think you have to pay big bucks for a wider one . The stride length is fine for walking -LRB- I am 5 ' 11 '' 195 pounds -RRB- . I have n't tried the 4 different workouts . According to the manual they start around 3 mph and go up to something like 10 mph . I do n't run , so these are not an option . There 's nothing in the manual about changing the grade percentage , though by moving the rear wheels you can change from 0 to 3 to 5 % grades.Sure it 's a `` space saver '' which allows the tread to attach to the handle bars . But how many of us position a treadmill so we can stare at a wall while working out ? This leads you to having the front of the treadmill out in the open and not against a wall -LRB- unless you place it sideways against a wall -RRB- . When folded up , it is very heavy to move and perhaps somewhat awkward if you do n't have a lot of room to manuever it.In just the two weeks that I 've been using -LRB- 30 minutes three times a week -RRB- , two people have commented I look trimmer -LRB- also assisted by not eating soo much like muffins in the morning -RRB- .
 i am using it for 2 months now , great machine for after work exercise at home , lets hope that the motor will last more than 1 year . space saver , the heart rate monitor is odd and useless but who needs that anyway with all HR watches out there . Great for someone who wants a work out and home and is too lazy to go to the gym .
 THIS HOLSTER WORKS PERFECT FOR MY LLAMA 380 ESPECIAL AUTOMATIC . CARRYS FLAT AGAINST THE HIP WITH THE GRIP AND HAMMER RIDING ABOVE THE BELT . WELL SECURED WITH THE TOP THUMB STRAP BUT EASY TO UNSNAP AND DRAW . GOOD PRICE AND FAST SHIPPING FROM AMAZON .
 I have always liked your products . Never a question that I was getting another one .
 i bought this mp40 at a flea market for 10 bucks . I was surprised to find that my new gun was decent . it was an impressive gun , and it looks cool . after a long time of use , the fps rate is slowly falling , and the shots are curving alot . but this gun has put me through a couple wars and its been dropped a few times . overall , buy this gun if you intend to use it for a short time and then keep it for show .
 i bought this a toy for my son . hes 8 and loves WW2 era military . this was just another gun to his collection and he loved it . now he can plays as the germans . and he plays as the americans and the japanese .
 This is a shirt , very comfortable and durable material for daily use I am very satisfied with this high quality product qualifies her as one of the best shirts on the market .
 This is a great machine , suits my needs over and above . The only concern is tech support . They are willing to send parts and have a service company come to your home to fix the machine quickly . Only problem is if tech support would ask the right question . My problem was there is an on/off switch that when you put this machine together is in the carpet and you ca n't see it and tech support does n't tell you it is there and three weeks later , a service person switches it on and you lost three weeks of use . -LRB- and feel pretty silly -RRB- But all in all very happy .
 Great Treadmill For Under $ 500 !! Very easy to put this treadmill together . I did it by myself in less then 1 hour . And it work great . Only 1 thing is the power switch location is hard to reach . Over all , this is a Great Treadmill !!
 I am loving this machine . However , I am a single , not very adept at mechanics woman , and if not for a male friend who offered to help , I would have had to pay someone to put it together .
 I 've owned this treadmill for a few months and absolutely love it ! This is an exceptional value for the price . I would recommend this to any of my friends .
 Fairly easy to put together ... it has a magnetic safety clip that is not explained really well in the manual . Basically , it is a good feature because the machine will not operate unless you have the magnetic clip attached to the machine ... thus preventing kids from being able to simply click the START button . In the same token , do n't lose this clip or you can not operate the machine . Also , please NOTE the ON button is hidden underneath the bottom front of the machine . Before you purchase , be sure to check that you have the right `` power supply '' for the machine so that you do n't damage the machine or knock out your electricity in your home . Everytime you change `` gears '' -LRB- such as speed , program or turning the machine on or off , there is a really loud `` beep '' ... so do n't expect the baby to stay asleep while you work out ... other than the above and in general we are happy with our purchase !
 i bought this tredmill couple of months ago , and i never had any problems ... it was easy to put together , and its affordable ...
 We are very pleased with this product . Delivery was fast . Product easy to use . Well built . Very good value .
 This treadmill does everything that you could ever want for the price . Very intuitive , straight forward and easy to use . This treadmill delivers enough horsepower for a thorough workout . The frame is very durable . What more could you want .
 I had been shopping for a treadmill for 3 months before I decided to buy this one - and I 'm glad I did . Amazon used Eagle Shipping for delivery and I was very nervous as Eagle Shipping has some very bad reviews online . But my experience was wonderful ... they delivered before the estimated delivery date.The instructions for assembling were very easy to follow . I did n't need any assistance -LRB- except for the driver to bring it in the house -RRB- . I live alone and I had thought I was going to ask my girlfriends to help me over the weekend , but fortunately I did n't need any help.The only minor problem I had -LRB- totally my fault -RRB- was switching it on . For some silly reason I could n't find the switch -LRB- even after I looked at the diagram -RRB- . Eventually I found it and had a nice 30 minute walk . Another potential problem is that their customer service is only available from 8am to 5pm . So , when I could n't figure out where the switch was - I went crazy by myself . It would have been nice if they were available , even though my problem was a minor one .
 This treadmill has all of the functions that I needed in a treadmill . It is fairly lightweight and now that it is assembled it is easy to fold up to add some space in our living room . If you are looking for a treadmill basically you need something that has varying speeds and varying inclines so you can change up your workouts - this has these things and is still sturdy enough . It is not as sturdy as a gym treadmill but for the price what can you expect . Buy this treadmill , it 's cheap and it works .
 After doing a lot of reaearch , I chose this treadmill . Best value & price . I use it everyday . I have had no problems . Great for walking inside when you live in a HOT area .
 Delivered on time , easy to put together , and a great price ! I love it and am happy that I made this purchase !
 I 'm very pleased with this purchase . Delivery was on time , and assembly was simple and quick . My husband and friend put it together in less than 30 minutes . This treadmill has so many extra features as compared to others in this price range . It runs quietly and the preprogrammed workouts are great . Just hope I stick with it !
 When i got the product the panel was cracked . I called customer service thinking that i was gon na be on hold forever based on other reviews , however , i was on hold for like 5-15 mins . So that was good . The lady on the phone was also very good.The bad thing is that i only got the piece that was broken as a replacement , not the whole panel . It took me about an hour , or so to unscrew everything -LRB- including the circuits , and cables -RRB- and to put everything back.I didint know that it had a switch -LRB- on/off -RRB- so whe i turned it on , it wasnt working . But that was my fault.It is running good , but i only tried it once .
 this treadmill lives up to all expectations , ease of set-up , user friendly , does what it is supposed to do . I would recommend it hightly
 Not sure if I was lucky , but I actually setup the treadmill myself within a hour without any major issues . The treadmill is easy-to-use and I 'm happy with it -LRB- average 8-12 miles a day -RRB- . However , here 's couple of items to consider : - Yes , the treadmill/shipping box is large and heavy , some people may need assistance moving the box especially if you have to move it up or down stairs . - The shippers only deliver to your door , do n't expect them to haul it to a special room.-Chances are that the treadmill will be larger than you first expected , so have a backup location just in case.-Walking to music/radio , be aware that the high-voltage plug may interfere with your am radio.-Stop reading this and start walking - you 'll walk faster and farther with a treadmill compared to your average walking exercise.Good luck !
 After giving up on running in the Houston summers my girlfriend and I started looking into getting a treadmill a few weeks ago so we could run indoors . I like to use Amazon when I 'm researching new products because of the reviews and pricing information available . We were very surprised to find such a highly rated but inexpensive treadmill for sale and placed our order right away.We were surprised by the quick delivery , it was promised by July 30th , we had it on the 21st . I 've heard complaints about Eagle before but they are the only heavy freight company I 've worked with before that will do residential deliveries on the weekends . Kudos to Amazon for such quick service.As for the treadmill itself we 're overall very pleased with it . The treadmill came well packaged and it was padded with glued up cardboard bricks instead of stryofoam , and the box broke down easy , nice touches for a machine that 's designed to be unpacked indoors , much less mess to deal with . The assembly instructions were excellent - having the hardware in individual bags , labeled by step # was a really nice touch . In operation the treadmill is easy to use , quiet , comfortable and responds quickly to speed and incline adjustments . It has a very solid feel when running on it . I 'd say it rates pretty middle of the road compared to equipment I 've used in gyms - I 've liked some pro equipment better , but I 've been on pro equipment that was n't as good . For an at home treadmill , for $ 400 shipped , that 's an astounding value.There are a few small issues though . As others have pointed out the threaded bolt holes in parts of the frame are n't all tapped properly and do n't thread easily . The tools shipped for assembly leave something to be desired and the mix of Phillips and hex key bolts was irritating and the tool shipped was no good , I had to pull out my own drivers , which made things go easier . In service the only thing I 'm not happy with are it 's mobility . The ` transport ' wheels are kind of joke and the whole unit feels dangerously unbalanced when it 's up on the wheels to move . We also discovered that it 's slightly too wide to fit through any of our doorways , unless we take the doors off their hinges . I also would 've preferred that instead of the track folding up for storage that the console fold down - would just fit our house better that way.-Josh
 Great price , who can ask for more?Well , I did . The treadmill has many features like incline , various speeds , programs , cup holder and a fan.Delivery took some time as it did n't come with UPS or FedEx . It came with Eagle Express since the box was bulky and heavy . They missed a couple of delivery appointments , but we finally received it.Assembly was as expected , not too bad . The only problem I had was that one of the screws did n't line up correctly and therefore went in on a slant . I could n't get it in all the way , so it 's only half way in.Great treadmill and great price .
 Bought this for the wife because she needed a treadmill to speed walk on . Researched several budget models and found this one to be the best for the money -LRB- Ca n't get any better than $ 400 shipped -RRB- . Manufactured by a reputable company so build quality is good , operation is easy , and it runs smoothly . It is used daily and is great for speed walking . Wife has no complaints.Assembly is a different story . Be careful when assembling the side posts to the base because the pre-threaded holes strip very easily . I would recommend testing out each hole by screwing the bolt in all the way first before installing the posts to make sure it screws in correctly . The main display board on top does NOT line up with the mounting holes on the posts at all , so I had to expand the hole diameters -LRB- by drilling with larger drill bit -RRB- on the post mounts in order to line up the main control board correctly.After assembly was complete , setup and operation of the treadmill was actually very easy . Other than assembly , this is a great budget treadmill .
 I researched treadmill ratings on Consumer Reports prior to purchasing to give me an idea of which brands were the best . Merit was among the more reliable.As my fellow reviewers have stated , the machine is easy to assemble and runs quietly . And if you are concerned with how much space it will take up , as I was , I will say that , folded up , it is relatively out of the way . Since I 've only had it a few weeks I ca n't speak to its longevity , but based on the research I 've done , I 'm confident that will last me awhile . I think the price is right as well and I definitely recommend it !
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM ON FEBRUARY 22ND AND WAS GIVEN AN EXPECTED DELIVERY DATE OF MARCH 9TH . I RECEIVED MY TREADMILL ON MARCH 1ST , PUT IT TOGETHER THE SAME TIME AND DID A TRIAL WORK OUT FOR 20 MINS . THE ASSEMBLY WAS A BREEZE I DID IT MYSELF , THE ONLY THING MY HUSBAND DID WAS TO HELP ME LIFT IT UP THE STAIRS . ALL THE PARTS FIT PERFECTLY , JUST FINISHED WORKING OUT FOR AN HOUR AND AM EXTREMELY PLEASED WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF MY TREADMILL , IT IS QUIET , EVERYTHING WORKS THE WAY THEY IT 'S SUPPOSED TO . WOULD I RECOMMEND THIS TREADMILL ? DEFINITELY ... . IN FACT BUY IT BEFORE THE PRICE GOES UP !!!!!
 Got ours about 3 weeks ago and my fianc&eacute;e and I love it . We use it everyday for 1 to 2 hours each and it 's quiet enough to watch television while we do so.I would have given it 5 stars , but putting it together turned into more trouble than I thought it 'd be . What should have taken 15 minutes took about an hour because some of the screws would n't line up and/or fit where they were supposed to . Other than that , it 's awesome . Looked at some cheaper and a lot that cost more , and this one is by far the most bang for your buck.I read reviews for every treadmill I considered and all of the ones that checked your pulse said that they were never accurate . I checked out this one and it 's accurate . However , if I squeeze the handles it gives me a rate much higher than what it actually is . Just resting my hands on the handles gives a very accurate reading.All-in-all I could n't be more satisfied . Delivery was early and it only takes up a small corner of the room it 's in . The inclines and preset programs are our favorite features and the little fan puts out more air than I expected.I 've recommended this model to everyone I know that has mentioned wanting a treadmill .
 i 've been using the merit 720t for a few weeks now and it works great ! i weight 223 and i 've been able to jog on it during every work out with no problems . it 's a great size treadmill for such a cheap price . the package arrived much earlier than it was supposed to and it was in perfect shape . i am very hapy with my purchase . for those of you who ca n't afford the real pricey treadmills but still want one that works great , this is the treadmill to buy . the only reason why i gave it a 4 instead of a 5 is because the heart rate monitor does n't work too well . luckily i know when to slow down or take a break .
 I did a lot of research before buying this treadmill . My price point was b/w $ 300 - $ 600 with basic features -LRB- inclines , good hp etc -RRB- . This machine has it all . It 's inexpensive and easy to install . Delivered on time with white glove service and I 'm very pleased with it . I do n't run over 8miles/hr and for a user like myself , this is the best machine to buy for the money .5 stars !
 I walk at least 1 to 2 miles every morning on this machine and adjusting the incline gives me a decent cardio workout . It 's quiet enough to listen to audiobooks on an mp3 player while walking , if that 's a concern . I also walk outdoors once or twice a week , but this is a great supplement.I wish the `` increase '' button for speed went up by quarters instead of halves -LRB- 3 mph to 3.25 instead of 3.5 -RRB- , but that 's minor.The mat that goes underneath is a good idea , especially if you 're using it on carpeting.It was delivered to my front porch and I had to ask a neighbor -LRB- a fairly strong guy -RRB- to help me get it into the house . It 's also a good idea to leave the straps intact on the box until you get it into the room where you will be using it .
 This is a shirt , very comfortable and durable material for daily use I am very satisfied with this high quality product qualifies her as one of the best shirts on the market .
 This marker is one of the best choices on the market for the beginner or experienced paintball player , The marker is ultra durable , so it will stand up to even the toughest use , It is fully customizable , with available barrells , stocks , triggers , and more , The price is cheap , compared to other brands with some of the same freaturesThis gun is one of the best deals on the market .
 These are the best fishing shirts I have ever owned.Great at keeping you cool on hot summer days.They do tend to run a little large though .
 Muy conforme con la camisa Columbia , excelente tela y confeccion , una buena inversion en ropa debido a la calidad de ella . Me gusto mucho , la volveria a comprar nuevamente
 es una camisa muy elegante le encanto a la persona que se la compre son algo grandes asi que ojo al elegir la talla
 It 's a cool shirt , nice and comfortable made &#8203; &#8203; with excellent quality , making it unique , especially for every day in hot weather
 Excelent product and service . I 'm so glad with my purchase . Lo compre desde Venezuela y me llego muy rapido , estoy bastante satisfecho con mi compra
 Unlike the other shirts I 've purchased from this manufacturer , this particular style runs large . I do love the material and the detailing , I wish I had order one size smaller .
 I bought this product as a gift for my dad , and he could n't have loved it more . Columbia makes very high quality apparel , you ca n't go wrong with this brand .
 Fast shipping . Good shirt , the mesh back and weight make these very comfortable . These shirts run large so order one size smaller than your normal size .
 Excellent brand that we like to ware , all my family like this t-shirt and we bought several models because is fresh for hot places , so I recommend to buy it always that you have a chance
 I like this shirt well enough I was going to order more in other colors when they raised the price . I may still order some.Size is extremely loose . I usually wear XL , sometimes even XXL if a shirt is tight . Here I wear a large . Believe the other reviewers and order the next smaller size than you usually wear . I did and am happy . The fit is still loose.The shirt is very comfortable and cool to wear . Some pockets are deep enough you may need to fish around to find your phone or whatnot.Looks good , definitely casual , but decent .
 I have been buying these shirts for years . They are great for fishing or any outdoor wear . The back is vented and there are plenty of pockets for keeping things like cell phones or keys secure , especially in a boating environment . I 'd give it 10 stars if I could .
 I bought 3 of them . Great quality as we 're used to when buying any Columbia stuff . But however , bigger than they seem to be . -LRB- S is like M , and so on -RRB-
 I 'm writing this as a warning to others on sizes -LRB- mens -RRB- . I bought two of these on the net using the recommended Columbia sizing charts and although they are advertised as a generous/comfort fit , that is ` shrinking the truth ' by a fair margin . Unless you like EXTREMELY flappy , loose fitting shirts I 'd suggest you drop at least one size down from Columbia 's charts . Based on my chest , neck and waist measurements the chart recommended XL but the shirts were so loose I could fit them over a coat and still have room to spare . I 'm usually L in fitted shirts so I 've reordered these in M !
 good morning , the next article , I translate from Spanish to English because I speak only Spanish.I am very happy with my shirt columbia , only one size is a little big for me , is to be envisaged that the m in the united states is a bit larger than the size m here in Venezuela , but still I think I did an excellent buy
 This is the second shirt of this kind I have gotten for my son . He goes to school in Tempe , AZ and it is HOT . My daughter 's boyfriend loves his so I got one for my son . He said it keeps him cool and does n't get smelly . It does what it says . I will but more I find colors I know he will like .
 This is an excellent product . This has covered all expectations and has the quality that i was waitin for . i recomend it .
 Recomiendo ampliamente este modelo de camisa por su frescura y comodidad para el clima en Venezuela , el color es muy llamativo y tiene esa caracteristica entre lo deportivo-excursionista y asu vez elegancia . Lo malo es que la tela se arruga mucho , tambi&eacute;n hay que tener cuidado con las tallas la L es muy grande y la M viene siendo la L.
 Very nice shirts but beware of sizing issue ! Please order one size smaller than what you normally wear , it will still be a relaxed fit . Returned ` XL ' ones and ordered a ` L' from Amazon and another one from an outside seller through Amazon . Amazon one came ahead of its posted time .
 Excelente calidad !!! era exactamente lo que esperaba ... ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 Comfy , cool and no sweat marks . I live in Africa so perfect for everyday use and those camping/fishing experiences.Price spot on looked on other websites you wont find it for the same . just wish they sold them in bundles of two or three . Will just have to order more now .
 recommend the product is absolutely perfect and original , responsible and sent within the stipulated time without any problem ! thanks for serving
 La camisa es suave y elegante . Ideal para trabajar visitando clientes . Es placentero sentirla al vestir y muy fresca . Se recomienda ampliamente .
 Great shirt . It 's hard to find the right price for the color &#34; Fossil &#34; . Most retailers selling this shirt for close-to manufacture 's suggested retail . When ever I find the right price , I 'll order more .
 muy buen producto el hombre encantada con esto lo unico es que deberian envalarlo mas peque & ntilde ; o para que el envio no sea tan costoso
 I really liked this product also liked so much the price , I recommend it one hundred percent . Thank for all .
 La camisas est&aacute;n excelentes no hay quejas de ning&uacute;n tipo !!! Estoy muy contento como debe ser !!! Muchas gracias y sigan as&iacute; !!!
 el producto es excelente , comodo , fresco . ideal para las personas que viven cerca del mar
 Elagante y fresca camisa . Sirve para cualquier oportunidad . Las tallas son grandes -LRB- la M bien podr&iacute;a pasar por una L peque & ntilde ; a -RRB-
 I have bought from Columbia for some time and I always been happy . This shirt has no flaw , and I just wished it was a little bit shorter , but maybe after few washes it shrinks . If you are taller than me -LRB- I 'm 5,6 -RRB- then you wo n't notice anything . note that this shirt is `` loose '' , if you 're looking for something more fit , then you can can find other models that suit you , if not on amazon on Columbia 's website .
 Excelentes camisas de buena calidad , excelente tela , muy suaves , comodas y frescas . Las recomiendo ampliamente , lo unico es estar pendientes de las tallas .
 I have bought these shirts many times -LRB- not online all the times though -RRB- and I would rate this as pretty good . They have loads of pockets , which is good for most people . Some people just hate many pockets , since it just assists for disorganization.When you buy the colors , you might want to be tolerant for a small variance in colors from the images . Also , the blue one kind of lost its color a little , after repeated machine washing . When it comes to shirts with multiple pockets , long sleeves -LSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Y7RQE?ie=UTF8&tag;=showproduct-20&linkCode;=as2&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0002Y7RQE] look way better and is definitely worth the extra 5 bucks . Too many pockets on a regular sleeve kind of look odd , in my opinion .
 I work construction . The shirt cleans easy drys fast after rain or just sweating great for the job site plenty of pockets just does n't get betterThanks
 Esta camisa es excelente para el clima tropical de maracay . La compre por las referencias que me dieron de ellas y calcule bien la talla porque son tallas americanas . En mi pais uso L y compre esta M y me quedo perfecta . Mido 1,83 y peso 103 Kg asi que saquen sus cuentas bien antes de comprar para que no le queden grandes o peque & ntilde ; as.Si son tallas L compren M y asi sucesivamente . OJO . Yo no tengo excesiva barriga . Sin son panzones aplica igual reducir la talla porque tengo compa & ntilde ; eros de trabajo anchos e hicieron lo mismo . No se si sera moda en mi pais esta marca , pero yo me caso con ella . Como les dije el clima en Aragua es caluroso casi los 365 dias del a & ntilde ; o y es muy agradable poder usar algo comodo , fresco y de buen gusto sin parecer desali & ntilde ; ado o muy deportivo .
 MUY BONITA LA CAMISA ES ORIGINAL Y LLEGO EN TIEMPO RECORD LO BUENO ES QUE ES ORIGINAL Y AQUI EN VENEZUELA ESTAN MUY COSTOSAS Y ME GUSTO MUCHO MI COMPRA GRACIAS
 excelente producto , verificar bien la talla antes de comprar son mucho mayores a las indicadas en la etiqueta , muy frescas y comoda
 very good , excellent , accordance with the received , RECEIVED IN TIMEvery good , excellent , accordance with the received , RECEIVED IN TIMEvery good , excellent , accordance with the received , RECEIVED IN TIME
 Shirt fits well and it 's quality is obvious . The vented back keeps you cool and the extra pockets are very usefull . Has to be ironed after washing .
 el producto llego en buenas condiciones y es una excelente camisa , solo que con un poco de retrazo . columbia mens
 tremendous article , do not hesitate to buy it ! I just love ! will adapt to all my necesdades , time between very fast and safe , recommended 100 % I am very satisfied with the transaction
 i ` m really in love of this product ! i have it in blue and white and are very good , comfortable and very fresh shirts ! Very good in warm weather !
 I always wanted to buy one of these shirts , I found it interesting . just now I can not imagine buying another brand ... just excellent ! not wait any longer get it .
 IT IS A GOOD PRODUCT , A FULL SIZE AND SOFT FABRIC , NICE COLOR AND EVERYTHING THAT I HOPE AT THE END
 Excellent product . One advantage of these liners is that they can be combined with any occasion . Whether you go to the office , to the movies or walking , goes with everything and are very cool !
 Excelente compra y el tiempo de entrega del producto . estuvo excelente la operacion . las ofertas son buenos precios y la disponibilidad y variedad de colores son buenas .
 excelente producto , buena calidad y buena marca ! fecha de entrega a tiempo por parte de ellos ! BUen color y talla solicitada .
 Thanks again . I am very happy to buy this &iacute;tem . Im very glad with the sleeve shirt Columbia for men .
 They are the original columbia made in india i think ... it is a good quality shirt , nothing to regret . Love it
 I am very happy with the purchase very good recommend the product and a good price . I hope to buy again thanks
 muy buen prenda de vestir excelente material con que la hacen ademas hace lucir al hombre hoy muy bien presentable sobre todo el venezolano
 This is a very nice shirt , well made , perfect fit , nice color , and good name brand . I was very happy with this purchase !
 linda camisa , solo que el proveedor es muyy lentoooo esta mercancia tardoo mas de 1 mes en llegarme asi que les recomiendo mas rapidezz
 hermosa , la calidad de la tela es muy buena , el color es exacto a la foto , excelente responsabilidad en el tiempo de entrega
 This is an excellent product , very nice , good quality , offers convenience and comfort . suits my style . I love it . very wonderful
 De venezuela , llego bien empaquetado , sin ningun problema , nuevo de paquete , 100 % original , del color y la talla solicitada . Recomendado . .
 Esta camisa es muy linda , lo que mas me gusto fue el color , realmente bello , es recomendable para un presente .
 An ideal gift for my son-in-law who came to visit for some casual time boating , fishing , and enjoying nature in a tropical climate -- nice comfortable fit , and easy care fabric .
 Muy buen material , la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena , el tiempo estimado para la llegada de la camisa fue el indicado rapido
 This arrived today , 10 Dec. . I am hoping it will fit my husband 's neck . I may need to send it back , despite the excellent quality and timely arrival . -LRB- HE is Extra Large but his neck , well , may require an XX-large . i hope not ! Thank you for sending it early and well packaged .
 I like and the package arrived quickly , the problem is that if you are skinny should choose the smaller size because they are very large
 ERA LO QUE QUE ESPERABA.LLEGO EN EL TIEMPO ESPERADO.muy freca para clima caliente.muy practica para el trabajo
 Esta camisa es para uso propio ! Lo que mas me gusta , es un articulo 100 % Original y Econ&oacute;mico ! Se lo recomiendo a todos mis contactos !
 I will want to buy more at this price , please let me know when you have the same price , so that i can purchase more .
 I recommend 100 % this product . You just be careful with the size , the large size is very large , really is like a medium size , for this reason i given it four stars . But the price and quality are very good .
 la camisa fue lo que pedi , me gusto , es comoda , ligera y fresca , y la recomiendo por ser un producto de buena calidad .
 es excelente la mercancia , el servicio muy satisfecha con todo , esperando una pronta compra y un buen servicio como hasta ahora realmente son muy responsables
 Recomiendo ampliamente estas camisas , son comodas , amplias y muy frescas , recomendados para deportes a mar abierto , ya que poseen proteccion contra los rayos ultravioleta.Jose GregorioVenezuela
 very good I am in Venezuela and the article I came in great condition , I commend you for your prompt repli
 La camisa eras de color azul agua pero me enviaron de este color y esta bien me gusta , para la proxima estar mas pendientes
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 camisas columbias excelente marca Muy buen Acabado Elegantes p&aacute;rrafo Toda Ocasi&oacute;n de los hombre lo recomiendo A TODOS Que se compren No Se arrepentiran de esta eleccion
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT , I AM VERY THANKFUL , REALLY THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE , VERY FAST , PROCEDURE WELL , THANKS FOR EVERYTHING , WE ARE GRATEFUL
 Fit and quality very good . Exceptional value for the price . Fabric breaths well in high heat and humidity . I will certainly purchase more of these in the future .
 Esta es la primera vez que adquiero este articulo y puedo decir que es de muy buena calidad , los colores son excelentes , el unico detalle es que para mi gusto son muy largas para usar por fuera del pantalon pero eso no es problema si se usa un pantalon tipo cargo ancho queda excelente o en su defecto usarla por dentro.compre 3 camisas de diferented colores y estoy satisfecho
 I have bought these shirts from retail stores for many years , so I thought I would try ordering a couple from Amazon -LRB- save on shipping/tax -RRB- . As usual , the product arrived on the day promised , which is really no surprise - Prime is that good . The thickness of the weave is a little less than previous shirts I have purchased , but everything considered , I am very happy with the product and will buy others .
 HelloI must remark that the shirt is in perfect condition and is of good quality . There is only one detail , that being the M size is too big for me.The size is being exaggerated size M , also buy a balco colors of the same size and is a little shorterSince I can not wear the shirt will sellregards
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my son . He absolutely loves it . It looks great and works well in the warm climate we are in . I will buy another for my self after seeing it .
 Shirt was exactly what I wanted . It is light weight , offers good sun protection . This garment seems to fit true to size , maybe a tad big .
 My husband loves this shirt . Had to buy several at this price . Here in Phoenix , he needs the sun screen effect of the material . He has had skin cancer surgery and we do n't want to repeat that . I wish there were more colors . The black is a lot more expensive . Maybe amazon could tell us why ?
 100 % Quality.This brand is very good , the quality is unmatched and is very modern and beautiful models .
 I am a thrift store shopper . I never spend this much on a shirt . However , my husband got this same shirt 15 years ago and I noticed about a month ago that the collar was very worn and the seams were wearing thin . We both remarked on how awesome it was that the shirt had lasted so long and so well because he loves that shirt and wears it alot . So , as a Father 's day surprise I decided to hunt for a similar shirt . I was thrilled to find that the exact same shirt is still being made ! So I bit the bullet and bought four of them -LRB- two long sleeved and two short sleeved -RRB- . For me to spend $ 160 it has to be a darn good shirt . But I figured if that last for 15 years it 's worth it . My husband was surprised and thrilled ! He thought four shirts was overkill but I was concerned they might stop making them so what to heck . Great shirt , great quality . Hopefully these new ones are , indeed , the same quality as the one made 15 years ago .
 This shirt was expensive but I bought it for a special occasion and it appears to be good quality . It is nice looking and comfortable to wear .
 I was really suprised at how comfortable this shirt is , and how many great pockets it has . What was really nice is a little tab for your glasses . I am constantly loosing my glasses and now i have a convenient place to put them . The shirt look good , and is comfortable . Oh and the sizes are correct .
 Wonderful shirt , well made , comfortable to wear , lots of pockets for just about everything . These will help keep me cooler in the hot Florida summers . It 's Columbia , so it 's quality . The only negative -LRB- hence the 4 star rating -RRB- is the sizing . I 'm an XL size shirt so I ordered XL . What they call XL everyone else calls 2XL or even 3XL . I could have fit two of me in there . So , order a size smaller than what you wear ! Sent XL back and received the L and it fits wonderfully ! Will definitely order more , and you ca n't beat the price !
 THE SIZE MEDIUM , IS VERY LARGE FOR ME BUT , EXCELENT . VERY RESPONSABLE.FAST AND WITHOUT DEFECT . I RECEMEND THIS SELLER.I AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE PRODUCT . THANKS A LOT
 Nice shirt . Husband really liked it . He not only uses it for fishing but says its great for hot days on his motor cycle with the vented back .
 Columbia products are of very good quality . Highly recommended . Just as shown in the photo . The blue color is very cool .
 en realidad fue una experiencia muy buena con el producto , la llegada no tardo tanto los felicito sigan asi . excelente . muy bueno todos los articulos .
 The product have an excellent quality and it 's that I was waiting . The articles came to destination just time . Excellent !!!
 lo recomiendo ampliamente , es de muy buena calidad , como se muestra en las imagenes , la entrega fue excelente y el color es muy bonito !!!
 excellent throughout . 100 % recommended , best of breed . congratulations . I arrive at the expected time , very punctual and attentive . reliable and helpful
 Our son-in-law likes these shirts and was pleased with a new one . The &#34; gypsy &#34; color is such a nice shade without making someone stand out too much .
 I like this product ! , it 's a great shirt !! i like the color , is a few big but is good !! fine !!
 Great shirt , comfortable and well constructed . Size does run big . Ordered a size medium for my husband , who normally wears a large - and it fits perfectly .
 Excelente producto , es exactamente como se describe en la publicaci&oacute;n , gracias . Excelente vendedor , lo recomiendo 100 % . Feliz a & ntilde ; o nuevo .
 excelent product met all my expectations ... ...
 excelente producto me gusto el modelo de la camisa comodo , el color blanco elegante me gusto mucho gracias por el envio
 buenos d&iacute;as gracias por el producto estoy muy satisfecho , la entrega fue rapida como estaba indicada en la compra bay hasta luego
 Excellent Product . Excellent Quality . Perfect for every day and easy to use . Do not failed . It was just what i wanted .
 excelente compra . . llego al tiempo estimado felicitaciones al vendedor con mucha rapidez y eficiencia sigan as&iacute; para la satisfaccion del los usuarios
 Excelente de muy buena calidad tal como lo esperaba los recomiendo ampliamente y llego en el tiempo estipulado , !
 Love this name brand product we buy and it was a really great price . Arrived just like it said . Fit great .
 Camisas de excelente calidad y muy bonitas ... excelente precio , env&iacute;o r&aacute;pido y efectivo ... ojo
 lo compre para una amiga y esta quedo encantada con la camisa !!!! Sin contar que son buenisimas y quedan excelentes !!
 if completely fulfilled my expectations , and I go back to place another order for future purchases with these excellent merchandise
 Everything was good , I received it at Miami before the expected date , and it is exactly what I bought . The only thing is that I bought many pieces from the same store , same day and they arrived in 3 separated shipments .
 I recommend this product . I like it bacause is a very beautifull and a ver y confortable a a a
 excelente producto de calidad recomendando como lo estaba buscando excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimado
 Es un producto muy bueno y bonito lo recomiendo para regalo de sus seres querido y uso propio , es buena marca
 excelente producto lo recomiendo excelente vendedor a tiempo y con calidad el producto 100 % original desde venezuela lo garantizo
 thanks for sale I look forward to buying them a hug soon and Merry Christmas and prosperous New Year 2013
 These shirts are fantastic gifts for the outdoors man . This was a beautiful color , unfortunately I had to return it because it was a bit to big for my dad for Christmas . As usual , Amazon customer service was prompt , courteous , and made the exchange process simple . These are also a great price , much cheaper than at the local sporting goods store .
 excelente camisa buena marca de calidadoriginal genuina de buena tela y duraderarecomiendo al vendedor , hizo la entrega a tiempo sin retrasos
 Gracias , buen producto , entrega sin inconvenientes , nos gusto mucho , buena tela y no desti & ntilde ; e , mi hijo encantado , muchas gracias !
 El color no es tan rojo como el q muestran es un rojo mas tirando a ladrillo fue lo unico q no me gusto mucho
 YO SOY TALLA L ... LA COMPRE TALLA M Y ME QUEDO EXCELENTEELLAS VIENEN GRANDES LOS RECOMIENDO , LLEGO EN EL TIEMPO INDICADO Y EN BUEN ESTADO , SON MUY FRESCA
 la Camisa es de excelente calidad , buen acabado , la tela es de primera , la compre para mi esposo y le encanto , todo perfecto , se las recomiendo completamente .
 entrega buena y rapida gracias por todo , el articulo fue muy bueno y original tambien llego en el tiempo estimado
 Muy buena camisa , aunque no me quedo , normalmente soy talla M pero en este tipo de camisas soy una talla menos , debido a que son camisas grandes . Pero buena calidad .
 Excelente compra , los envios son rapidos y responsables . Llego en perfecto estado no tengo inconformidad alguna . Lo recomiendo 100 % a todos .
 Excellent sales and the product was in good qualitythanksExcellent sales and the product was in good qualitythanksExcellent sales and the product was in good qualitythanks
 Please send it in a package no larger set as the cost for sending it would be very excessive Venezuela . . thanks for your help and prompt solution
 I really like the shirt , has a very good finish and the brand is excellent.Keep in mind when choosing the size , which are quite large , which I had to send her to buy a tailor because I am very big .
 I have purchased several of these shirts over the years and have found them very comfortable to wear and fish in .
 I have purchased these shirts for my husband in the past from retail stores at $ 50 + each . But you ca n't beat the price on Amazon ranging from $ 20 - $ 35 . As the reviews indicate , these shirts tend to run on the large side . But my husband is a large guy and he loves these shirts . They are roomy with great shoulder room , which is essential for big guys . Additionally , the length is good , because they are a little longer so they can be worn outside the pants . Overall , these shirts launder nicely and last year after year and are made well . During the spring , summer and early fall my husband practically lives in them , which is why I have purchased several in nearly every color .
 typical columbia product . well thought out , good construction with good materials . mesh vents on the back are awesome and there are more pockets than i know what to do with.the ONLY problem i have with this shirt is the terrible sizing . i 've been reading a lot of reviews on this shirt with the same problem . most have been saying to order a size down . i would recommend ordering 2 sizes down.i 'm a solid size large with every other outdoor product i wear . knowing that columbia runs a little big i went with a medium . the thing fits like an XL : -LRB- also , the `` sage '' looks a little tan in the picture . ignore the picture . sage is sage .
 I LIVE IN VENEZUELA AND THIS BRAND OF SHIRTS HAS GREAT DEMAND HERE.SO , I HAVE PURCHASED SEVERAL ITEMS AND THE QUALITY AND DURABILITY ARE PROVED . THE ONLY THING ONE BUYER HAS TO TAKE INTO ACCOUNT IS THE SIZE . THESE SHIRTS ARE `` HUGE '' - IN MY CASE I AM SIZE LARGE , BUT IN THIS BRAND I AM SIZE SMALL . EVERYTHING ELSE IS GOOD ...
 I bought them for my husband is super fascinated with the product . while going to buy new this year . She loved remain as new .
 Nice color , well made . Sturdy . The size runs large . Fishing in 95 degree temps it was warm . Blood sticks a littlemore than it does with some of my other shirt . When fishing for mahi mahi they throw some blood at times . Over all is comfortable to wear and is a nice shirt .
 I bought this shirt for my Dad as a Father 's Day gift and he LOVES it ! It was exactly as advertised with no deformities -LRB- missing buttons , loose threads etc. -RRB- and it arrived on time . As an avid fisherman he enjoys the deep Velcro pockets where he can easily store spare rigs or other fishing gear . We live in an extremely hot climate and this shirt works well even in day to day situations . This is definitely worth the money , I highly recommend this product and seller !!!
 Bought this shirt to be custom embroidered for our business . The pink color was one I do n't see often so I thought it would be popular . The Columbia shirts are great looking shirts and the prices I found on Amazon were good , although the pink one was more expensive than some of the others . Thanks , Amazon !
 Columbia Men 's Bonehead Short Sleeve Shirt , Lemon Whip , M is a premium product , worth beyond their price ... therefore it is highly recommended for their utility
 Great light weight shirt at good price.Ideal for wearing outdoors in humid sub tropical climate.You can also buy the shorts to match .
 I think the shirt is excellent from every point of view . I really enjoyed that and it is exactly what I wanted . The shirt arrived in the estimated time and in a perfect condition . The color is a little bit different than what is in reality but still nice .
 it was just as advertised and exactly what we needed . I would recommend it to anyone looking to purchase it .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I used to belong to a gym that had Hydro-Tone Bells for use in the pool . Looking for ones of my own , it took a little digging to find out the manufacturer and model , but it was worth the effort.Look online for `` water dumbbells '' and you find ones made of foam that floats . Or ones that have a circular profile , which * reduces * their drag in the water.By comparison , the Hydro-Tone ones are molded plastic -- they 're a tiny bit buoyant , but mostly neutral in the water . And they 're shaped for maximum drag , not minimum . So you can move them in practically any direction and get smooth , consistent resistance based on how hard you push.Because it 's you , not gravity , governing the resistance , it 's hard to overdo it and pull a muscle the way you would with an iron dumbbell . Not impossible , I suppose , but the use of these is very ... well , fluid . If your regular weight room routine involves throwing hundreds of pounds of iron around , you might not get the oomph you need from these . But I 'm after toning and joint stabilization -LRB- for throwing - Jobes exercises etc. -RRB- , and I find the level of effort more than adequate.The construction is up to the standards of the design . These are solid and well-made . The best part , of course
 I searched the internet for over a year for an aqua dumbell that compares to the yellow plastic ones I use at LA Fitness . These are the only plastic ones I could find . All of the other aqua dumbells are made out of the styrofoam type material , which does n't provide too much resistance . These Hydo-Tone bells far exceeded my expectations ! I used to think it was hard pushing my LA Fitness dumbells . These provide a much more intense workout and are exactly what I was looking for . I think I 'm going to look like Popeye after a few weeks of using these !
 We love the Hydro-Tone Bells . We use them in the pool to get a more intense work-out . I have Fibromyalgia and my husband has arthritis . They are very helpful .
 I was introduced to these at The Oaks Health Spa in Ojai this past July . Once I returned home I could n't order a set fast enough . These are the greatest and you will love the workout you get from using them .
 I am used to looking though expensive glass and am kind of spoiled by Nightforce scopes . I also do Astronomy as a hobby and deal with high quality telescope glass . I was n't expecting this MilDot 4200 to be anything to write home about but it surprised the heck out of me . No exaggeration , I was looking at a neighbors tree at 24X about 150 yards away with no direct sun exposure and I could make out very fine detail on a pine cone , fantastic resolution . Using the AO , I could fine tune the picture to a very detailed , bright picture . And , for bonus points , the scope is not too heavy , it is lighter than my big variable Nightforce scopes . Overall , an amazingly nice piece of glass , highly recommended .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 My 4 y/o and 2 y/o fit in the trailer nicely . There is even a good amount of `` trunk '' space . Easy to assemble . The only down-side is the safety belts ... they 're cumbersome , and really do not offer much in the way of safety .
 The bike trailor is excellent and works well . The stroller is a great size for children to play inside , but it is a little bulky to push . Overall I think the Ride N ' Stride is very good value for money compared to anything better on the market .
 This is a shirt , very comfortable and durable material for daily use I am very satisfied with this high quality product qualifies her as one of the best shirts on the market .
 I bought this for my teenage daughter for Christmas . She actually had it on her list . It has been a great chair for her in her room to read in and nap in . Sometimes I go into her room looking for her and forget to look in her chair and she is either sleeping in it or reading . I have heard that the swinging , hanging effect of the chair is very soothing . You just have to make sure it is installed into a stud like the directions say .
 This bike is great and you got ta love the price ! It was easy to put together and I like the different modes that you can select -LRB- ex
 For the low cost , this is a good bike . The toughest part of the assembly -LRB- and much easier with two people -RRB- is the part that holds the display and the shroud that goes over top of it . The instructions are not great , but if you are somewhat mechanically inclined , there should be no problem . The only minor complaint I have is that the manual is NOT helpful with regard to the display . It does not instruct you how to view calories or level ... but if you mess around with the buttons enough , you 'll figure it out.I chose this product because I did n't want to take the chance of encountering the `` burnt rubber smell '' of comparable Schwinns , and am pleased with how the product works . The seat is a bit squeaky at level 10 -LRB- I am doing interval training -RRB- , but I ignore it.NOTE
 I was looking for a machine that would n't put a lot of stress on my joints . I use it 3-5 times a week and love it . I bought it December of 2007 and it 's still in perfect condition . It can be adjusted to increase the tension plus the seat can slide forward or back to fit leg length . It 's been a great addition to my home gym .
 I overstressed my back last year to the point I can not walk any appreciable distant that would help me lose weight and I am overweight . I am enjoying this machine very much . It is more than I expected . It has a very comfortable seat and the programs on the screen are presented very well.I recommend it for anyone who can not walk for weight lose or for a build up of your lower body.Bud Howell
 My goal was to find an exercise bike that was comfortable to sit on for more than 10 minutes . Price was also a factor . I wanted to stay under $ 300 , if possible . After researching different bikes online and trying a limited number in stores , I chose the Merit 720B . I 've only had the bike about three weeks as I write this . I have been very happy with the quality of the bike . The different programs are challenging and can be adjusted as necessary . The flywheel makes very little noise and the change from one level to another is very smooth . Putting the bike together was not too difficult , taking a little over an hour . The small parts are bagged to coincide with their use in the set up process and the proper tools are provided . If you can have a friend help with construction , I 'd recommend it . There are points where an extra set of hands would help . I can also report that support for the bike is terrific . The sensor that measures speed and calories became damaged or misaligned during shipment . I called the support number and spoke to a representative who ordered a new sensor and helped arrange for a technician to come to my home and install it . Also , after the first few uses I 've had to re-tighten the seat bolts . Since then I check them periodically and they have remained tight .
 I have a Tippmann and this has no problem keeping up , about 13 - 15 bps this does about 8 bps and if that isnt good enough you can buy a upgrade to make this have eyes and be faster a AK HOPPER . This is a little heavy and bolky but not too bad !
 es una camisa muy elegante le encanto a la persona que se la compre son algo grandes asi que ojo al elegir la talla
 It 's a cool shirt , nice and comfortable made &#8203; &#8203; with excellent quality , making it unique , especially for every day in hot weather
 Excelent product and service . I 'm so glad with my purchase . Lo compre desde Venezuela y me llego muy rapido , estoy bastante satisfecho con mi compra
 Unlike the other shirts I 've purchased from this manufacturer , this particular style runs large . I do love the material and the detailing , I wish I had order one size smaller .
 I bought this product as a gift for my dad , and he could n't have loved it more . Columbia makes very high quality apparel , you ca n't go wrong with this brand .
 Fast shipping . Good shirt , the mesh back and weight make these very comfortable . These shirts run large so order one size smaller than your normal size .
 Excellent brand that we like to ware , all my family like this t-shirt and we bought several models because is fresh for hot places , so I recommend to buy it always that you have a chance
 I like this shirt well enough I was going to order more in other colors when they raised the price . I may still order some.Size is extremely loose . I usually wear XL , sometimes even XXL if a shirt is tight . Here I wear a large . Believe the other reviewers and order the next smaller size than you usually wear . I did and am happy . The fit is still loose.The shirt is very comfortable and cool to wear . Some pockets are deep enough you may need to fish around to find your phone or whatnot.Looks good , definitely casual , but decent .
 I have purchased these shirts for my husband in the past from retail stores at $ 50 + each . But you ca n't beat the price on Amazon ranging from $ 20 - $ 35 . As the reviews indicate , these shirts tend to run on the large side . But my husband is a large guy and he loves these shirts . They are roomy with great shoulder room , which is essential for big guys . Additionally , the length is good , because they are a little longer so they can be worn outside the pants . Overall , these shirts launder nicely and last year after year and are made well . During the spring , summer and early fall my husband practically lives in them , which is why I have purchased several in nearly every color .
 typical columbia product . well thought out , good construction with good materials . mesh vents on the back are awesome and there are more pockets than i know what to do with.the ONLY problem i have with this shirt is the terrible sizing . i 've been reading a lot of reviews on this shirt with the same problem . most have been saying to order a size down . i would recommend ordering 2 sizes down.i 'm a solid size large with every other outdoor product i wear . knowing that columbia runs a little big i went with a medium . the thing fits like an XL : -LRB- also , the `` sage '' looks a little tan in the picture . ignore the picture . sage is sage .
 I always wanted to buy one of these shirts , I found it interesting . just now I can not imagine buying another brand ... just excellent ! not wait any longer get it .
 IT IS A GOOD PRODUCT , A FULL SIZE AND SOFT FABRIC , NICE COLOR AND EVERYTHING THAT I HOPE AT THE END
 Excellent product . One advantage of these liners is that they can be combined with any occasion . Whether you go to the office , to the movies or walking , goes with everything and are very cool !
 Excelente compra y el tiempo de entrega del producto . estuvo excelente la operacion . las ofertas son buenos precios y la disponibilidad y variedad de colores son buenas .
 excelente producto , buena calidad y buena marca ! fecha de entrega a tiempo por parte de ellos ! BUen color y talla solicitada .
 Thanks again . I am very happy to buy this &iacute;tem . Im very glad with the sleeve shirt Columbia for men .
 El color no es tan rojo como el q muestran es un rojo mas tirando a ladrillo fue lo unico q no me gusto mucho
 YO SOY TALLA L ... LA COMPRE TALLA M Y ME QUEDO EXCELENTEELLAS VIENEN GRANDES LOS RECOMIENDO , LLEGO EN EL TIEMPO INDICADO Y EN BUEN ESTADO , SON MUY FRESCA
 HelloI must remark that the shirt is in perfect condition and is of good quality . There is only one detail , that being the M size is too big for me.The size is being exaggerated size M , also buy a balco colors of the same size and is a little shorterSince I can not wear the shirt will sellregards
 I purchased this shirt as a gift for my son . He absolutely loves it . It looks great and works well in the warm climate we are in . I will buy another for my self after seeing it .
 Shirt was exactly what I wanted . It is light weight , offers good sun protection . This garment seems to fit true to size , maybe a tad big .
 My husband loves this shirt . Had to buy several at this price . Here in Phoenix , he needs the sun screen effect of the material . He has had skin cancer surgery and we do n't want to repeat that . I wish there were more colors . The black is a lot more expensive . Maybe amazon could tell us why ?
 100 % Quality.This brand is very good , the quality is unmatched and is very modern and beautiful models .
 I am a thrift store shopper . I never spend this much on a shirt . However , my husband got this same shirt 15 years ago and I noticed about a month ago that the collar was very worn and the seams were wearing thin . We both remarked on how awesome it was that the shirt had lasted so long and so well because he loves that shirt and wears it alot . So , as a Father 's day surprise I decided to hunt for a similar shirt . I was thrilled to find that the exact same shirt is still being made ! So I bit the bullet and bought four of them -LRB- two long sleeved and two short sleeved -RRB- . For me to spend $ 160 it has to be a darn good shirt . But I figured if that last for 15 years it 's worth it . My husband was surprised and thrilled ! He thought four shirts was overkill but I was concerned they might stop making them so what to heck . Great shirt , great quality . Hopefully these new ones are , indeed , the same quality as the one made 15 years ago .
 This shirt was expensive but I bought it for a special occasion and it appears to be good quality . It is nice looking and comfortable to wear .
 I was really suprised at how comfortable this shirt is , and how many great pockets it has . What was really nice is a little tab for your glasses . I am constantly loosing my glasses and now i have a convenient place to put them . The shirt look good , and is comfortable . Oh and the sizes are correct .
 la camisa es muy linda me quedo hermosa y el envio fue excelente es muy comoda ...
 Comfy , cool and no sweat marks . I live in Africa so perfect for everyday use and those camping/fishing experiences.Price spot on looked on other websites you wont find it for the same . just wish they sold them in bundles of two or three . Will just have to order more now .
 recommend the product is absolutely perfect and original , responsible and sent within the stipulated time without any problem ! thanks for serving
 La camisa es suave y elegante . Ideal para trabajar visitando clientes . Es placentero sentirla al vestir y muy fresca . Se recomienda ampliamente .
 Great shirt . It 's hard to find the right price for the color &#34; Fossil &#34; . Most retailers selling this shirt for close-to manufacture 's suggested retail . When ever I find the right price , I 'll order more .
 muy buen producto el hombre encantada con esto lo unico es que deberian envalarlo mas peque & ntilde ; o para que el envio no sea tan costoso
 I really liked this product also liked so much the price , I recommend it one hundred percent . Thank for all .
 La camisas est&aacute;n excelentes no hay quejas de ning&uacute;n tipo !!! Estoy muy contento como debe ser !!! Muchas gracias y sigan as&iacute; !!!
 Nice shirt . Husband really liked it . He not only uses it for fishing but says its great for hot days on his motor cycle with the vented back .
 I LIVE IN VENEZUELA AND THIS BRAND OF SHIRTS HAS GREAT DEMAND HERE.SO , I HAVE PURCHASED SEVERAL ITEMS AND THE QUALITY AND DURABILITY ARE PROVED . THE ONLY THING ONE BUYER HAS TO TAKE INTO ACCOUNT IS THE SIZE . THESE SHIRTS ARE `` HUGE '' - IN MY CASE I AM SIZE LARGE , BUT IN THIS BRAND I AM SIZE SMALL . EVERYTHING ELSE IS GOOD ...
 I bought them for my husband is super fascinated with the product . while going to buy new this year . She loved remain as new .
 Nice color , well made . Sturdy . The size runs large . Fishing in 95 degree temps it was warm . Blood sticks a littlemore than it does with some of my other shirt . When fishing for mahi mahi they throw some blood at times . Over all is comfortable to wear and is a nice shirt .
 I bought this shirt for my Dad as a Father 's Day gift and he LOVES it ! It was exactly as advertised with no deformities -LRB- missing buttons , loose threads etc. -RRB- and it arrived on time . As an avid fisherman he enjoys the deep Velcro pockets where he can easily store spare rigs or other fishing gear . We live in an extremely hot climate and this shirt works well even in day to day situations . This is definitely worth the money , I highly recommend this product and seller !!!
 Bought this shirt to be custom embroidered for our business . The pink color was one I do n't see often so I thought it would be popular . The Columbia shirts are great looking shirts and the prices I found on Amazon were good , although the pink one was more expensive than some of the others . Thanks , Amazon !
 Columbia Men 's Bonehead Short Sleeve Shirt , Lemon Whip , M is a premium product , worth beyond their price ... therefore it is highly recommended for their utility
 Great light weight shirt at good price.Ideal for wearing outdoors in humid sub tropical climate.You can also buy the shorts to match .
 I think the shirt is excellent from every point of view . I really enjoyed that and it is exactly what I wanted . The shirt arrived in the estimated time and in a perfect condition . The color is a little bit different than what is in reality but still nice .
 La camisa eras de color azul agua pero me enviaron de este color y esta bien me gusta , para la proxima estar mas pendientes
 la Camisa es de excelente calidad , buen acabado , la tela es de primera , la compre para mi esposo y le encanto , todo perfecto , se las recomiendo completamente .
 entrega buena y rapida gracias por todo , el articulo fue muy bueno y original tambien llego en el tiempo estimado
 Muy buena camisa , aunque no me quedo , normalmente soy talla M pero en este tipo de camisas soy una talla menos , debido a que son camisas grandes . Pero buena calidad .
 Excelente compra , los envios son rapidos y responsables . Llego en perfecto estado no tengo inconformidad alguna . Lo recomiendo 100 % a todos .
 Excellent sales and the product was in good qualitythanksExcellent sales and the product was in good qualitythanksExcellent sales and the product was in good qualitythanks
 Please send it in a package no larger set as the cost for sending it would be very excessive Venezuela . . thanks for your help and prompt solution
 I really like the shirt , has a very good finish and the brand is excellent.Keep in mind when choosing the size , which are quite large , which I had to send her to buy a tailor because I am very big .
 I have purchased several of these shirts over the years and have found them very comfortable to wear and fish in .
 Bought these for my son and son in law for Christmas . Bought a smaller size for my son , as a lot of the feedback mentions that the shirts run larger . I found that to not be true . So , the shirt for my son ended up being my husband 's and I had to order another one for my son . They are pretty true to size , and were a nice buy . Even if the fish are n't biting , I 'm sure my boys will all look stylish while fishing in these shirts this summer !!!
 looking for new shirts to fish and again I was reminded columbia ... all excellent with this shirt just need to be careful when choosing the size usually larger than normal . For everything else well !
 excelente producto muchas gracias desde venezuela , estare pendiente para ofertar nuevamente de sus productos , saludos nuevamente muchas gracias por todo
 Terrific shirt . Great fit and well tailored . . I rate it five star . Columbia is the only shirts I would buy .
 I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS STUFF , REACH BEFORE I WAS EXPECTING , GOOD PRICE AND I RECOMMENDED IT VERY MUCH
 Shirts are very fresh , strong and well developed.Excellent shirt but very difficult to iron.I recommend them both for fishing to hot environments .
 Camisa ideal para d&iacute;as de monta & ntilde ; a , para as&iacute; obtener la m&aacute;xima calidad de la tela , como , fresca . Menos de 5 libras el envi&oacute; . Recomendada
 este producto esta bien en la condiciones esperadas , entrega por el vendedor a tiempo , sin ning&uacute;n problema segun lo requerido gracias , lo recomiendo .
 Wonderful shirt , well made , comfortable to wear , lots of pockets for just about everything . These will help keep me cooler in the hot Florida summers . It 's Columbia , so it 's quality . The only negative -LRB- hence the 4 star rating -RRB- is the sizing . I 'm an XL size shirt so I ordered XL . What they call XL everyone else calls 2XL or even 3XL . I could have fit two of me in there . So , order a size smaller than what you wear ! Sent XL back and received the L and it fits wonderfully ! Will definitely order more , and you ca n't beat the price !
 THE SIZE MEDIUM , IS VERY LARGE FOR ME BUT , EXCELENT . VERY RESPONSABLE.FAST AND WITHOUT DEFECT . I RECEMEND THIS SELLER.I AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE PRODUCT . THANKS A LOT
 Columbia products are of very good quality . Highly recommended . Just as shown in the photo . The blue color is very cool .
 en realidad fue una experiencia muy buena con el producto , la llegada no tardo tanto los felicito sigan asi . excelente . muy bueno todos los articulos .
 The product have an excellent quality and it 's that I was waiting . The articles came to destination just time . Excellent !!!
 lo recomiendo ampliamente , es de muy buena calidad , como se muestra en las imagenes , la entrega fue excelente y el color es muy bonito !!!
 excellent throughout . 100 % recommended , best of breed . congratulations . I arrive at the expected time , very punctual and attentive . reliable and helpful
 Our son-in-law likes these shirts and was pleased with a new one . The &#34; gypsy &#34; color is such a nice shade without making someone stand out too much .
 I like this product ! , it 's a great shirt !! i like the color , is a few big but is good !! fine !!
 Great shirt , comfortable and well constructed . Size does run big . Ordered a size medium for my husband , who normally wears a large - and it fits perfectly .
 Excelente producto , es exactamente como se describe en la publicaci&oacute;n , gracias . Excelente vendedor , lo recomiendo 100 % . Feliz a & ntilde ; o nuevo .
 if completely fulfilled my expectations , and I go back to place another order for future purchases with these excellent merchandise
 I have bought these shirts many times -LRB- not online all the times though -RRB- and I would rate this as pretty good . They have loads of pockets , which is good for most people . Some people just hate many pockets , since it just assists for disorganization.When you buy the colors , you might want to be tolerant for a small variance in colors from the images . Also , the blue one kind of lost its color a little , after repeated machine washing . When it comes to shirts with multiple pockets , long sleeves -LSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Y7RQE?ie=UTF8&tag;=showproduct-20&linkCode;=as2&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0002Y7RQE] look way better and is definitely worth the extra 5 bucks . Too many pockets on a regular sleeve kind of look odd , in my opinion .
 I work construction . The shirt cleans easy drys fast after rain or just sweating great for the job site plenty of pockets just does n't get betterThanks
 Esta camisa es excelente para el clima tropical de maracay . La compre por las referencias que me dieron de ellas y calcule bien la talla porque son tallas americanas . En mi pais uso L y compre esta M y me quedo perfecta . Mido 1,83 y peso 103 Kg asi que saquen sus cuentas bien antes de comprar para que no le queden grandes o peque & ntilde ; as.Si son tallas L compren M y asi sucesivamente . OJO . Yo no tengo excesiva barriga . Sin son panzones aplica igual reducir la talla porque tengo compa & ntilde ; eros de trabajo anchos e hicieron lo mismo . No se si sera moda en mi pais esta marca , pero yo me caso con ella . Como les dije el clima en Aragua es caluroso casi los 365 dias del a & ntilde ; o y es muy agradable poder usar algo comodo , fresco y de buen gusto sin parecer desali & ntilde ; ado o muy deportivo .
 MUY BONITA LA CAMISA ES ORIGINAL Y LLEGO EN TIEMPO RECORD LO BUENO ES QUE ES ORIGINAL Y AQUI EN VENEZUELA ESTAN MUY COSTOSAS Y ME GUSTO MUCHO MI COMPRA GRACIAS
 excelente producto , verificar bien la talla antes de comprar son mucho mayores a las indicadas en la etiqueta , muy frescas y comoda
 very good , excellent , accordance with the received , RECEIVED IN TIMEvery good , excellent , accordance with the received , RECEIVED IN TIMEvery good , excellent , accordance with the received , RECEIVED IN TIME
 Shirt fits well and it 's quality is obvious . The vented back keeps you cool and the extra pockets are very usefull . Has to be ironed after washing .
 el producto llego en buenas condiciones y es una excelente camisa , solo que con un poco de retrazo . columbia mens
 tremendous article , do not hesitate to buy it ! I just love ! will adapt to all my necesdades , time between very fast and safe , recommended 100 % I am very satisfied with the transaction
 i ` m really in love of this product ! i have it in blue and white and are very good , comfortable and very fresh shirts ! Very good in warm weather !
 Elagante y fresca camisa . Sirve para cualquier oportunidad . Las tallas son grandes -LRB- la M bien podr&iacute;a pasar por una L peque & ntilde ; a -RRB-
 I have been buying these shirts for years . They are great for fishing or any outdoor wear . The back is vented and there are plenty of pockets for keeping things like cell phones or keys secure , especially in a boating environment . I 'd give it 10 stars if I could .
 I bought 3 of them . Great quality as we 're used to when buying any Columbia stuff . But however , bigger than they seem to be . -LRB- S is like M , and so on -RRB-
 I 'm writing this as a warning to others on sizes -LRB- mens -RRB- . I bought two of these on the net using the recommended Columbia sizing charts and although they are advertised as a generous/comfort fit , that is ` shrinking the truth ' by a fair margin . Unless you like EXTREMELY flappy , loose fitting shirts I 'd suggest you drop at least one size down from Columbia 's charts . Based on my chest , neck and waist measurements the chart recommended XL but the shirts were so loose I could fit them over a coat and still have room to spare . I 'm usually L in fitted shirts so I 've reordered these in M !
 good morning , the next article , I translate from Spanish to English because I speak only Spanish.I am very happy with my shirt columbia , only one size is a little big for me , is to be envisaged that the m in the united states is a bit larger than the size m here in Venezuela , but still I think I did an excellent buy
 This is the second shirt of this kind I have gotten for my son . He goes to school in Tempe , AZ and it is HOT . My daughter 's boyfriend loves his so I got one for my son . He said it keeps him cool and does n't get smelly . It does what it says . I will but more I find colors I know he will like .
 This is an excellent product . This has covered all expectations and has the quality that i was waitin for . i recomend it .
 Recomiendo ampliamente este modelo de camisa por su frescura y comodidad para el clima en Venezuela , el color es muy llamativo y tiene esa caracteristica entre lo deportivo-excursionista y asu vez elegancia . Lo malo es que la tela se arruga mucho , tambi&eacute;n hay que tener cuidado con las tallas la L es muy grande y la M viene siendo la L.
 Very nice shirts but beware of sizing issue ! Please order one size smaller than what you normally wear , it will still be a relaxed fit . Returned ` XL ' ones and ordered a ` L' from Amazon and another one from an outside seller through Amazon . Amazon one came ahead of its posted time .
 They are the original columbia made in india i think ... it is a good quality shirt , nothing to regret . Love it
 I am very happy with the purchase very good recommend the product and a good price . I hope to buy again thanks
 muy buen prenda de vestir excelente material con que la hacen ademas hace lucir al hombre hoy muy bien presentable sobre todo el venezolano
 This is a very nice shirt , well made , perfect fit , nice color , and good name brand . I was very happy with this purchase !
 linda camisa , solo que el proveedor es muyy lentoooo esta mercancia tardoo mas de 1 mes en llegarme asi que les recomiendo mas rapidezz
 hermosa , la calidad de la tela es muy buena , el color es exacto a la foto , excelente responsabilidad en el tiempo de entrega
 This is an excellent product , very nice , good quality , offers convenience and comfort . suits my style . I love it . very wonderful
 Excelente calidad !!! era exactamente lo que esperaba ... ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 An ideal gift for my son-in-law who came to visit for some casual time boating , fishing , and enjoying nature in a tropical climate -- nice comfortable fit , and easy care fabric .
 Muy buen material , la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena , el tiempo estimado para la llegada de la camisa fue el indicado rapido
 This arrived today , 10 Dec. . I am hoping it will fit my husband 's neck . I may need to send it back , despite the excellent quality and timely arrival . -LRB- HE is Extra Large but his neck , well , may require an XX-large . i hope not ! Thank you for sending it early and well packaged .
 I like and the package arrived quickly , the problem is that if you are skinny should choose the smaller size because they are very large
 ERA LO QUE QUE ESPERABA.LLEGO EN EL TIEMPO ESPERADO.muy freca para clima caliente.muy practica para el trabajo
 Esta camisa es para uso propio ! Lo que mas me gusta , es un articulo 100 % Original y Econ&oacute;mico ! Se lo recomiendo a todos mis contactos !
 I will want to buy more at this price , please let me know when you have the same price , so that i can purchase more .
 These are the best fishing shirts I have ever owned.Great at keeping you cool on hot summer days.They do tend to run a little large though .
 Muy conforme con la camisa Columbia , excelente tela y confeccion , una buena inversion en ropa debido a la calidad de ella . Me gusto mucho , la volveria a comprar nuevamente
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND GOOD SERVICE PROVIDED BY YOUR TEAM , THEY ARE TRULY RELIABLE AND TIMELY I WILL RECOMMEND THIS PROVIDER AMONG MY FRIENDS .
 camisas columbias excelente marca Muy buen Acabado Elegantes p&aacute;rrafo Toda Ocasi&oacute;n de los hombre lo recomiendo A TODOS Que se compren No Se arrepentiran de esta eleccion
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT , I AM VERY THANKFUL , REALLY THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE , VERY FAST , PROCEDURE WELL , THANKS FOR EVERYTHING , WE ARE GRATEFUL
 Fit and quality very good . Exceptional value for the price . Fabric breaths well in high heat and humidity . I will certainly purchase more of these in the future .
 Esta es la primera vez que adquiero este articulo y puedo decir que es de muy buena calidad , los colores son excelentes , el unico detalle es que para mi gusto son muy largas para usar por fuera del pantalon pero eso no es problema si se usa un pantalon tipo cargo ancho queda excelente o en su defecto usarla por dentro.compre 3 camisas de diferented colores y estoy satisfecho
 I have bought these shirts from retail stores for many years , so I thought I would try ordering a couple from Amazon -LRB- save on shipping/tax -RRB- . As usual , the product arrived on the day promised , which is really no surprise - Prime is that good . The thickness of the weave is a little less than previous shirts I have purchased , but everything considered , I am very happy with the product and will buy others .
 I have bought from Columbia for some time and I always been happy . This shirt has no flaw , and I just wished it was a little bit shorter , but maybe after few washes it shrinks . If you are taller than me -LRB- I 'm 5,6 -RRB- then you wo n't notice anything . note that this shirt is `` loose '' , if you 're looking for something more fit , then you can can find other models that suit you , if not on amazon on Columbia 's website .
 Excelentes camisas de buena calidad , excelente tela , muy suaves , comodas y frescas . Las recomiendo ampliamente , lo unico es estar pendientes de las tallas .
 I recommend 100 % this product . You just be careful with the size , the large size is very large , really is like a medium size , for this reason i given it four stars . But the price and quality are very good .
 la camisa fue lo que pedi , me gusto , es comoda , ligera y fresca , y la recomiendo por ser un producto de buena calidad .
 es excelente la mercancia , el servicio muy satisfecha con todo , esperando una pronta compra y un buen servicio como hasta ahora realmente son muy responsables
 Recomiendo ampliamente estas camisas , son comodas , amplias y muy frescas , recomendados para deportes a mar abierto , ya que poseen proteccion contra los rayos ultravioleta.Jose GregorioVenezuela
 very good I am in Venezuela and the article I came in great condition , I commend you for your prompt repli
 el producto es excelente , comodo , fresco . ideal para las personas que viven cerca del mar
 Everything was good , I received it at Miami before the expected date , and it is exactly what I bought . The only thing is that I bought many pieces from the same store , same day and they arrived in 3 separated shipments .
 I recommend this product . I like it bacause is a very beautifull and a ver y confortable a a a
 excelente producto de calidad recomendando como lo estaba buscando excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimado
 Es un producto muy bueno y bonito lo recomiendo para regalo de sus seres querido y uso propio , es buena marca
 excelente producto lo recomiendo excelente vendedor a tiempo y con calidad el producto 100 % original desde venezuela lo garantizo
 thanks for sale I look forward to buying them a hug soon and Merry Christmas and prosperous New Year 2013
 These shirts are fantastic gifts for the outdoors man . This was a beautiful color , unfortunately I had to return it because it was a bit to big for my dad for Christmas . As usual , Amazon customer service was prompt , courteous , and made the exchange process simple . These are also a great price , much cheaper than at the local sporting goods store .
 Gracias , buen producto , entrega sin inconvenientes , nos gusto mucho , buena tela y no desti & ntilde ; e , mi hijo encantado , muchas gracias !
 De venezuela , llego bien empaquetado , sin ningun problema , nuevo de paquete , 100 % original , del color y la talla solicitada . Recomendado . .
 Esta camisa es muy linda , lo que mas me gusto fue el color , realmente bello , es recomendable para un presente .
 excelent product met all my expectations ... ...
 excelente producto me gusto el modelo de la camisa comodo , el color blanco elegante me gusto mucho gracias por el envio
 buenos d&iacute;as gracias por el producto estoy muy satisfecho , la entrega fue rapida como estaba indicada en la compra bay hasta luego
 Excellent Product . Excellent Quality . Perfect for every day and easy to use . Do not failed . It was just what i wanted .
 Excelente de muy buena calidad tal como lo esperaba los recomiendo ampliamente y llego en el tiempo estipulado , !
 Love this name brand product we buy and it was a really great price . Arrived just like it said . Fit great .
 Camisas de excelente calidad y muy bonitas ... excelente precio , env&iacute;o r&aacute;pido y efectivo ... ojo
 lo compre para una amiga y esta quedo encantada con la camisa !!!! Sin contar que son buenisimas y quedan excelentes !!
 This was bought as a birthday present and he loved it . Amazon is always very speedy when it comes to shipping and we are very happy with the product . It has been a year now and still love it .
 It is a very comfortable helmet.I would recomend it to everyone.I was on my bike on a flatland course , and i was standing on the front tire . I hit the brakes by accident and i fell off the bike.I rolled down the hill and got all cut up everywhere except for my face . The helmet was a little scratched but it was still in good condition .
 This helmet has saved my life after a dangerous crash . This is good to all young riders . This is the most durable helmet .
 It works great with my mini motercycel and is very strong . I still have the same helment after all of my falls .
 This helmet is great - very lightweight , yet more protection than my child 's old helmet . A great piece of protective gear at a good price . An added benefit is the cool look .
 this helmet is great when i fell off my electric scooter instead of falling and scraping up my face it protected and i would recomend it to children of all ages and if you have a toddler into everything this this is the helmet for him and it looks very cool
 I thought that this helmet would be too big and bulky for my 7 year old , but purchased it anyway to go with his dirt bike . I am very pleased with it . It fits him very well does not seem to hinder his seeing and riding abilities .
 my son just turned five and i wanted a helmet for him to go along with the dirt-bike styled bicycle i bought for his birthday . i looked everywhere for the full-face helmet but could only find it for children 8 and up , so finding this helmet for someone his size was great ! the price was excellent and not only does it protect his whole face , but he thinks it 's cool , too !
 Ihave just purchased this helmet because i have a very fast pocket rocket and it is very durable . Ifeel very safe when i where this helmet . It 's worth every penny !
 This helmet is explendit is really cool and save to ride bike the helmet is cool but if they would ofer in more colors it would be even cooler
 protection should be taught early
 When you ride trick or off-road you want full face protection . Pulling an endO into a faceplant , or smacking the bars with your chin or teeth is a reality of BMX that can be avoided . A full motorcycle helmet is just too big and heavy for biking -LRB- especially with little kids -RRB- and most full face bike helmets that I 've found are rather pricey . The mongoose full face bike helmet provides affordable and reliable face protection and is manufactured by a company that is known for quality bike equipment . My kids -LRB- Drake age 6 , and Kiegan age 7 -RRB- ride off road in the desert on their bikes and these helmets provide great protection for them . The helmet does n't weigh much more than a traditional style bike helmet , and is constructed in much the same fasion . Its light enough for my two little riders and strong enough to take spills without damaging it . -LRB- in the event of a hard crash , any helmet should be replaced , these included -RRB- The top of the helmet is vented with wide slats and holes and keeps their heads cool . The cutout for the viewport is wide and does n't obstruct forward or peripheral view . The wide opening is perfect in size for a pair of goggles to be worn over the helmet . This can be handy at faster speeds like in the back of a convertable SUV in the desert . They both wear the helmets in our rig when we 4x4 and the helmets keep them from banging heads or the roll cage when it gets bumpy , and the goggles keep dust and dirt out of their eyes . These helmets were perfect for my kids and I 'd recommend them to anyone else that has kids that ride hard .
 good looking . if you are wearing this you dont look like a dork which you probably would look like with a regular helmet .
 I really liked this helmet . if you race it is for you.i race and ireally like this helment and its cheap too i give it two thumbs up
 I have gone through brand after brand in t shirts to fine something will stand up to well water , and with these shirts I definitely found that . Almost 15 washes in and the shirts still hold up well .
 It works fine out of the box , but the real question is how long will it last in a marine environment . So far , so good , but I think it needs to last a year for me to be satisfied . We 'll see . The price was right , so I bought 2 of them .
 Direct replacement for the one that I had , looks to be of the same quality and is working fine with no troubles .
 The hat arrived and is perfect . Just like the pros wear ... but less expensive than at the sporting goods store in the mall .
 I used this to mount a classic chrome Eveready Captain flashlight to my 1957 Schwinn . I upgraded the flash light with a 1 watt , 50 lumen , terra-lux led upgrade bulb . The mount is awesome and the terra-lux bulb is way brighter than any of my other bicycle lights , and the chrome flashlight and mount look super sweet !
 Have used a lot of bike lights through the years , there is a low middle ground where folks need good light but do n't have , or want to spend hundreds on a dedicated bike light . You can buy a great wide beam 3-5 watt LED light that runs on regular batteries for $ 30-50 . Use this and mount it on your handle bars and you have a decent light for not a lot of money , and you can still use the light as a flashlight . Just be sure your light fits , and that you can mount the carrier to your bars , I would have preferred a U bracket with wingnuts to mount on my bar , but this aside - you can get good light with the use of this little bracket !! Be safe !! B \
 Perfect item ! Extremely Functional , Old School and Works Great ! We had these flashlight holders when I was a kid in the 60 's and they were ideal ! No fuss no muss , just two screws ! That 's it , simplicity at it 's best and the kids love riding at night . Forget the expensive gissmo 's with wires and batteries ... I bought five just in case they go away again :-RRB- Less than three bucks each and you 're riding with safety and FUN ! Wald is great and easy to do business with.ps ... unbelievable deals on all bike products ; especially baskets!J.R .
 Fast shipping by USPS First Class Mail from Amazon Marketplace vendor BicycleSourceUS.Unlike the picture , the Wald logo was nowhere to be found . You get what you pay for
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 This is a hard item to find in the local shopping community . Since these drains are made of plastic , after a couple of years they tend to shatter/break . After I ordered them , they were delivered promptly and in perfect condition .
 Nice marine type poly rope . . soft , flexible and heavy bolt-type snap . My business is horses , and I will be ordering more of these .
 Bought 4 of these and the colors did n't match each other . Not a big deal but we were hoping for a matched set of lead ropes and they are noticably differing shades of orange . Still they are functional and seem to be of decent quality .
 I have had many lead ropes over the years , but I really like the ruggedness of this one . It 's heavy duty and I prefer it over any others I 've used over 30 + yrs . of horse ownership .
 This lead was the perfect match colorwise to the halter , and it is super strong and very easy to grasp and hold on to . Made very well , really heavy duty , with a good hook . Hamiltons the best .
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I bought these glasses to wear at the shooting range . Their style and feel suits my tastes and they 've already stopped a couple of casings . My only problem , and looking back I should 've seen this in the picture , is that they flare out a bit behind your ears . This could cause a problem with getting a good seal on your ear protection . I happened to catch the problem before heading out to the range , so I snipped those ends off and have had no problem .
 I ordered two of these items ; one to keep as a spare . I like the style and price of these sunglasses . My order arrived as stated and in perfect condition .
 The knee pads were slightly asymmetrical , as though the cup had been riveted to the pad upside down on one of them . Other than that , everything was great . They did the job and they look really great with a layer of chrome silver spray paint .
 I have no prior experience with tactical pads but decided to order what turned out to be a great deal for only $ 15 . The knee pads fit just fine and the elbow pads are barely big enough for my larger-than-average arms . Their construction seems durable , including cross-stitched bands . So far they have withstood a whole day of rough woodland airsofting . As for comfort and performance
 excelente producto de calidad recomendando como lo estaba buscando excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimado
 Though they 're a little snug , the pads look great and do a great job . They do n't shift around too much , and are plain in design .
 Item is great . Nicely weighted , great color . Only thing I was a little disappointed about was the shipping price . But definitely a nice buy .
 Well I 've had the tires on the bike for about a month . Thats about 200 miles . The rolling resistence is low , I no longer drive so I use the bike for everything . The tread is deep , so I do n't know how long they 'll last but I 'm checking the tread to look at wear . Everything looks good at this point . I 'm very happy with them . Oh and one other thing , the dealer service is great also . I recomend the tires highly .
 I was a little sceptical about using these as floor drains , being that they are made of plastic , but I think they should work perfectly . They are made of plastic but they are really sturdy . They only way they would break is if my wife was to wear high heels fishing , and thats not going to happen . They come in a blister pack . It 's nice that there is a flange that extends through the floor which will make for a nice clean install . They also arrived 3 days early !
 The only problem with it is its in KM/Hr instead of Miles/Hr , otherwise , for the price , it works great .
 I bought this device on a personal recommendation , and I was not disappointed . It took some work to get the sensor and magnet aligned correctly , but once that was done , it worked great.After that , I only used it on city streets and sidewalks for about 30 miles over 2 weeks . I also have a hybrid bike with front and rear shocks since I 'm a big guy , so this little computer 's been pretty well shielded from bumps . I noticed at first that I ca n't use any buttons while riding , since it tries to detach itself from the clip holder , so I immediately quit . After that , I just lost it . Fell off and have no idea where it went.I emailed Schwinn and we 'll see what response I get . If I get a replacement , I 'm going to wrap the mount in electrical tape to hold it on , and I 'll change my review to 5 stars.It 's a good unit as long as it does n't fall off.Joe RepaskyUpdate 6-6-12 : I explained the problem to Schwinn and emailed them photos of the problem . They excellently offered to replace the device . I 'll be receiving it shortly . Excellent Customer Service by Schwinn ! 5 Stars it is .
 Useful little device and multiple functions . MAKE SURE TO KEEP THE PAPER WORK !!!!! so if you get a different dimension tire , the codes are in the little booklet !!!!
 This computer is a little tricky to figure out , and a little hard to mount , but once you get the hang of how to use it , it is really nice and convenient . I have learned to flip through the functions while riding and have learned how to clear it for each new ride . I would definitely recommend this product !
 Bought this inexpensive bike computer at our local military store for just under ten dollars ; it 's available at WalMart for about the same price . The unit I have has a mostly red face -LSB- the case color -RSB- , otherwise , everything else is as described.I chose this Schwinn 12-function computer over the Cateye Velo 5-function computer -LSB- the only other option at the military store -RSB- mostly because of the display size ... the Schwinn 's is larger , and much more readable for most functions . I use reading glasses , and was concerned about being able to read the small Cateye display . As it turns out , it 's difficult to interpret the `` Speed Tendency '' function while cycling -LSB- it uses a small bicycle in the top left corner of the display ... its tiny wheels turn `` forward '' to show accelerations , and `` backward '' to show deceleration -RSB- . All other info is easy to read & interpret.You need to set in wheel circumference ... there is a table provided , which includes the standard wheel sizes . If you make an error , you can remove the battery to zero out the info , and start again.The components seem to be sturdy enough ... the handlebar mounting bracket looks to be slightly redesigned -LSB- it is different from the operating manual illustrations -RSB- . The bracket 's computer retention clip is still a bit puny . The unit comes with thin white zip ties ; they are difficult to cinch up tightly , so I recommend you use your own.I 'll comment again later if I have problems with longevity . For now , it 's a good value , and works well .
 I 've used this on my road bike now for about 3 months , cranking up about 400 miles.It was pretty easy to install -LRB- I 've had similar tools on other bikes -RRB- and worked well right off the bat.It 's not jam packed with features , but what it does , it does well.The wire does n't get in the way at all and do n't really see the point in spending more $ $ $ to get wireless -LRB- I have a wireless one on my mountain bike -RRB- . My calibration -LRB- or the sensor -RRB- is n't 100 % -LRB- It 's off by about 2 % -RRB- but I 'm happy with that.Would 100 % recommend .
 Okay , well to put this in a nutshell ... this is not a bad little computer . It has 12 functions which is more than most budget-line computers from a brand name . Installation was not difficult , although it is a pain if your tire size is not listed in the manual . Other websites however , do list the information you need for just about every tire out there if you ca n't figure it out . Sheldon Brown 's site is one that comes to mind.Anyway , the one Achilles heal to this unit is the fact that it falls out of the mount rather easily . I 've had mine for a week or so and it 's fallen out onto the concrete twice . Luckily it did n't break , but it does have a couple scratches on it . Use some double-sided tape or something to keep it in place . I just have to figure out a way to hold it in place , but still be able to remove it when I need to . Aside from that , it 's a nice computer.So here 's my bottom line . If you 're not sure if you really want a bike computer or if you 're really low on cash , this is the product for you . Otherwise , it might be better to look into a Cateye , Sigma or another brand that will be made better . Even if they 're twice the price , it 's still not a lot of money , especially compared to what other good bike parts cost .
 I like the on off featcher soon as you roll its on and the scan and shuts off after 5 minutes nice product .
 About three years ago I bought this speedometer at shopko and loved it . So when I lost it , I looked online and it was 2x cheeper than the one I bought at shopko & it was the exact same thing !
 It works as expected . It is not difficult to assemble and attach to the bike.The alignment of the magnet on the wheel is the key . The first time I had it too close and it used to hit the other `` receiver '' on the bike . I moved it a bit and it seems to be ok after that . I have used it for more than a month and it does what its supposed to do and reports all the statistics as mentioned in its manuals . I am not very sure how accurate they are , but it seems to be fairly accurate and tht is good enough for me.Cons
 Great product , tells time , mph , distance , easy to use , easy to install , overall great product to help you bike !!
 Was out looking for other parts and saw this in a store for $ 14 and could n't resist . I had a GPS mount on my Mt. Bike and I hoped to use it on a road bike but it just does n't fit and I was n't in the mood to modify it . Took 15 minutes to install taking care to get spacing and wire routing just right . A couple of extra cable ties and routing the wires up the brake cable sheath took all the concern about twisting out of play . Works great , numbers are almost exactly what I got with the GPS so accuracy is good .
 I just put new tires and tubes on my brother 's old school Schwinn 10-speed after it sat in the garage for 16 years . I saw this little Schwinn bike computer and thought I 'd give it a try , and it has worked really well . We have a nice paved 13.55 mile trail in town , and using this bike computer has made that trail that much more fun . I can know how far I have to get to the end of the trail and how far it is back to my car , and I am really pleased with it . For the money I think it is one of the best little computers you can buy !
 This Schwinn installed very easily , is quick to set up , and yields useful information when riding . I like the + - symbols that show whether you 're exceeding or falling below your average speed . The display is easy to read , and this just bike computer just works.Take care in setting your wheel circumference in metric units ; I found a good conversion table on -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- in his Bike Computer section -RRB- , which lists various wheel sizes and their circumference.I had to read the instructions in order to learn how to reset the trip totals properly -- change display to distance -LRB- NOT odometer -RRB- , then hold the left button for two seconds .
 I had a little trouble following the directions but within about 15 minutes I was riding my bike with the computer . I love all of the functions and being able to tell how far I have gone on a particular ride and if I am staying in the mph zone I like to stay in . My only suggestion would be to go to Walmart where this exact same model by Schwinn is $ 10.00 . It is located by other bike accessories .
 Having a wire go to the wheel sensor seems a bit old-school , but unlike a lot of the wireless units it actually WORKS . Sensor and magnet placement are critical , but once you get it right it works great -LRB- Oh , and since it 's magnetic it is n't bothered by water , dust , mud etc -RRB- . If all you need is a basic computer -LRB- speed , distance etc - no calorie counter -RRB- the price ca n't be beat.I 've got one of these on my old road bike , one on my mountain bike , and I 'm about to buy a third for my new road bike !
 I own two of these -- one of which I installed on an old exercise bicycle and the other I installed on a street bike . It operates based on a magnet mounted to a spoke and a pickup sensor on the fork . Very easy to install and mounts using four zip ties -- two for the sensor and two for the computer , itself . Functions include
 I 've had one of these for about six months and just ordered another from Amazon . This little computer is accurate , reliable and easy to use.The display shows your speed in large letters and has a selectable smaller readout for whatever function you choose . I wind up having it show speed and time all the time . If you 're satisfied with a simple , cheap speedometer and only occasionally use the other functions , this is the one.Here are some hints that fairly eliminate most of the small complaints .1 . Install the magnet close to the wheel 's hub and adjust it -LRB- twist the sensor in -RRB- so that the magnet passes as close as possible without touching .2 . Remove the computer when the bike is not in use . It has a quick release ; store it inside or in your pocket and the battery will last .3 . Leaving it outside in direct sunlight may cause a dark splotch on the screen . This is normal for led displays , and goes away in a few seconds . Also see hint # 2.4 . Read the manual to learn how to reset it -LRB- which buttons to hold down -RRB- , and to calibrate it for your wheel size.The only issues I 've had
 I picked one of these up and thought it was too cheap to be decent , but it actually ended up doing everything I would need . Install was very easy , operation is easy , and it 's cheap ! If you do n't need cadence this is a great cycle computer .
 I just bought mine a couple days ago at a local WalMart , for a wee bit more than it costs here on Amazon -- I did n't plan well and needed it quick . Set it up in 5-10 minutes max , it seemed to work fine . Got ta be patient to put the magnet as close to the sensor as possible without touching , though . That is the only `` time consuming '' part of the setup . The owner 's manual lists a few wheel sizes and the corresponding C factor that you have to enter in the computer , and fortunately mine -LRB- 26 x 2 -RRB- was there , so I did n't even have to mess with measuring tape and calculator.Today I had my first ride with it , and it performed great for such an inexpensive product . I rode to the soccer field , which is exactly 5 miles from my place -LRB- as measured on Google maps and by car -RRB- . Lo and behold , the little computer measured exactly 5 miles when I got there . I was impressed . It gives the current , average , and maximum speeds , odometer and trip meter , the riding time , and has a regular watch . It tells you whether you 're speeding up or down , and whether you are currently above or below your average speed . The ONLY thing I miss on this unit is a thermometer . It 's perfect apart from that.If I was n't in a hurry , I would have bought the 17-function Schwinn one that is here on Amazon , since it costs a little less than I paid for the 12-function one and measures temperature -- although I do n't know how accurate that is in direct sunlight anyway . I do n't care for measures of calories and stuff like that , since I do n't believe the manufacturers know my metabolism .
 I 've been biking for a few years and I 'm really into bikes so I usually like to buy the best if I can afford it.I 've owned a cateye computer with temperature and altimeter features . . that ran over $ 120 or so back in the day . I have various other computers -LRB- avocet , nashbar , etc -RRB- that cost between 40-120 and I recently purchased a Magellan GPS computer that was way over $ 200 . So , what am I getting at ? They basically all do the same thing regardless of price . They have all been reliable , but the features are what you pay for -LRB- GPS , altimeter , temperature , wireless , etc -RRB- . This past week I bought a pair of electric bikes for my wife and I. I did n't want to go and spend big bucks on another bike computer . I went to performance bikes and they had a few on sale for $ 20 . Now , that 's cheap . They even had one for $ 14.99 , but I figured I can do better than that and found a wireless Bell bike computer for $ 19.99 . I stopped by another walmart and found the schwinn 12 and 17 function computer for $ 10 and $ 15 , respectively and decided to take the schwinn 12 func bike computer for $ 10 . Got home , and set it up on the e-bike . It took about half an hour or so because I actually read the manual carefully . I have n't even ridden the bike yet , but I took it out on a ride the next day and the verdict is : it does basically the samething all my bike computer does . I do n't need gps or temperature or altimeter functions . If I need GPS , I 'll put the gps computer on there from my other bike ... I took the e-bike off onto a dirt trail and the ebike was rattling around , but the bike computer had no problems keeping the speed , time , etc. . I had no intermitten issues with the bike computer and it 's sensor.The only issue I had with it is that behavior on how to reset the trip computers distance / avg time / max speed . On my cateye , I press the two buttons to reset the current ride -LRB- dist to 0 , avg time to 0 , max speed to 0 -RRB- . When I do this on the Schwinn bike computer , it reset the entire computer and I had to setup the computer again . The way to do it is slightly different
 It amazes me that people on here spend $ 10 on a bike computer and then complain that it seems cheaply made . You do n't get a Cray supercomputer for $ 10 folks . It does exactly what it says , is easy to install and probably not going to ever get stolen because really , what can the black market value of it be , fifty-cents . It 's featherweight , easy to read , auto on/off -LRB- really important -RRB- and has a nice scan feature where it will cycle through the various functions continuously . I just generally leave it on speed/odo since my average speed usually reminds me how inadequate I am as a cyclist.About setting wheel size . For those that are absolutely anal about accuracy , borrow someone 's GPS and use it to calibrate the wheel size setting . The 2155 for a 700 size worked fine for me , a little off compared to the GPS but since I do n't see myself going for a bicycle land speed record , do n't really care that it 's a little off . However , was bored and so started changing the size setting by a couple numbers at a time and now have it matching the GPS exactly.One note of caution to mountain bikes and hybrid riders with suspensions - allow some slack across the suspension area of the front forks or you 'll snap the wire the first time you compress/decompress the suspension hard . Oh and if you are old like me and ca n't see worth a darn , get some powerful readers to follow the instructions ! They 're are either making install instructions smaller everyday or my eyes are getting worse faster than I thought .
 I had one of these for 6 years and the part that goes on the spoke got broke . Bought a wireless one . That was a waste of money as I ca n't find these in Walmart or other stores around us anymore . Happy to come across it on Amazon and ordered total of 3 of them as Grandaughter needed one and I wanted a spare incase they quit making them . It does everthing I want . I want to know how fast I 'm going how far I 've went and how long I 've been gone and odometer . It does all that at a very reasonable price
 We bought two - one for my bike and another for my so n't bike . My son 's unit works fine , but my unit quit working within two months . The part that goes on to the fork -LRB- sensor -RRB- is n't sensing any more . I know , it is n't expensive , but I hate to throw away the entire unit when the real computer is doing fine.The product is adequate for what it is intended for . It has more features than I was hoping for when I bought it . Installation is easy . Learning to use it is a little bit challenge due to the poor manual , but you 'll quickly figure it out.I will certainly recommend it , but be prepared for it to die prematurely . In my case it died just before I was to venture on a training ride - not a good timing . You see , I depend heavily on this and my turn lists to figure out the training ride route . Without the distance assistance , I had to constantly check the street signs.I am seriously thinking of buying the same model to replace the broken one .
 THIS LITTLE GUY WORKS GREAT ONCE YOU HAVE READ THE INSTRUCTION FIRST AND MAKING SURE THE SPOKE SENSER IS LESS THAN A HALF A INCH AWAY WHEN IT COME CLOSE TO THE RECEIVER IT WILL WORK JUST FINE , I TOOK IT FOR A 17 MILE BIKE TRIAL AND IT NEVER SKIPPED A BEAT .
 I purchased one a couple of years ago the the wires got tangled a coupld of months back . The wire broke and there is no way to fix it . I bought these that are identical to the old one because I like the scan feature , the large numbers in the panel and the small size . It works well . If I can say something back is that the mounting only allows a handle bar position and it does not sit very tight on the base . My handle bar is not very large and even being small it takes space there . I also have my headlights in there and of course those have to be a the front . Sometimes , it will stop measuring if you touch it forward . It will not come off since there is a plastic stopper at the end but it will move out of the sensors and stop reading your ride . It has happened with me several times
 It worked exactly as expected . It is very easy to install . Just does not have internal light so you can see at night .
 very reliable product , cant use my bike w/o putting it . it really tells me on how many miles did i go through the day . Would recommend this product to anyone .
 I ordered 2 of these to attach to my hedgehogs wheels . They work perfectly ! They are an inexpensive product , but they keep track of a lot of information . They have auto start capabilities , which lets them turn on and record information as soon as the wheel starts moving . Very handy when using on a pets wheel ! I love them .
 Great little unit . Beautiful price . Had to replace it after two years when the original took a bounce or two too many down the highway .
 I assumed that the price of this speedometer came with tradeoffs , but I have found none yet . It is easy to install , accurate -LRB- within + or - 1 mph of all speed signs I have passed -RRB- , and functional . I recommend spending some time learning how to scroll through the functions and reset them before riding . I assume this would have alleviated the reviews that people wrote about the interface not being intuitive ; I think it fair to say that those individuals associate `` new and unfamiliar '' with `` not intuitive , '' which is unfair to Schwinn .
 The only thing I do n't like about this bike computer is that the red outline blocking the function symbol .
 I purchased two of these , one for myself and another for a friend . I mounted them fairly quickly with no glitches after reading the instructions and they both seem to be working fine . If I had an issue it would be that if I understand the instructions correctly the trip odometer is only good to 99 miles . I have n't put that many on yet to see if I understood the manual correctly but time will tell . Otherwise for the price it is a great little computer for my needs .
 Contrary to previous ratings ; I found this EXTREMELY easy to install.The ONLY drawbacks I can see so far are the facts that1 . There 's no back-lite which makes it rather useless at night .2 . It 's PRETTY DARNED small ! -LRB- better have `` eagle eyes '' ! -RRB-
 I bought this at WalMart for $ 10 - I figured it was worth the risk if i did n't work . Well , a month later - I can say that this is a nice little unit for the price and super accurate if you set it up correctly.No real downside for the price ...
 I purchased this odometer `` Schwinn 12 Function Computer '' little over a month ago , I really like it . The price is right , it looks like good quality , easy to set up and read , the functions work good , it 's also a o'clock , the delivery was swift . What more could I ask for ?
 Mine works great . It can do exactly what it claims . Set-up is very straightforward and easy , if you understand how a bike works ... -LRB- easier than changing a tire -RRB- . Great value for less than $ 10 .
 Pro
 I bought two of these for my kids bikes , and they work fine . My only gripe is that the manual could have wheel measurements for more wheel sizes , but other than that , it 's easy to install and easy to use .
 For so little money , hard to go wrong unless the product is defective . It was n't , worked as advertised and quite accurately . Simple to install . Fairly easy to use.Has a decel/accel -LRB- speed tendency -RRB- feature which is n't too good . Has a little picture of a cyclist and wheels on it spin forward or backward to show when you are acclerating or decellerating . But it is too small , and hard to see which way the wheels are spinning . Much better would have been an easy to see arrow pointing forward or rearward . Then again , I do n't find much use for this , as you normally feel in the pedals if you are speeding up or slowing down.The plus or minus sign next to speed to show whether you are above or below your current average speed is sometimes nice to have . Other than that , it has speed , average speed , max speed , and a totalizing odometer plus a scan mode which switches every four seconds . I found it accurate especially after bothering to measure the distance in millimeters of one loaded wheel rotation . Simple to input into the device once you have done the measurement . The built in clock function is nice also.The unit only counts time on the timer when you are moving . This is nice as it does n't interfere with getting an average speed or riding time should you stop for a few moments . Unit also switches off when wheel is n't moving to save the battery.I find it seems to do some time averaging of the speed readout which takes 3 seconds to fully even out . Do n't know if others similar products work that way , but really this does n't interfere with the use of the product and is only the result of having a sensor that pulses once per wheel revolution . It also does n't read below about 2.4 mph which of course is slow enough you are barely able to stay upright anyway.I also noticed it sometimes double counts every few revolutions . The distance will jump two thousands of a mile rather than one . Maybe a rounding error or some such in the electronics . I have counted rev 's of the wheel over a known distance and it is n't counting twice the overal distance shown is accurate . So probably a non-problem unless you compulsively watch the distance readout while riding.I have n't owned one of these before having only used simple mechanical speedo 's and odometers in the past . But this works great and is a handier more useful device . Unless you need cadence or detailed pacing not sure what else you would want this device to do . Cheap enough to replace if damaged , or buy multiples if you have several bikes . Would rate it 4 and 1/2 stars . Just not quite perfect or it would get 5 stars .
 I bought this same item at Target a year and a half ago , and so far it has worked flawless for me . It does everything I need for bike riding including an accurate clock . I bought another cheepie computer at Target before buying this one for my Schwinn bike , but the clock on that computer was accurate to within something like 2 minutes an hour . And if I remember correctly , I paid more for that computer then this Schwinn computer .
 I have had this item for several years now and it has almost always worked flawlessly . I even got it soaked during a rainstorm and it temporarily stopped working . But I took it off the mount and let it completely dry out and it started rightup the next time.One complaint , because the display is LCD , when you are out in the sun for long periods of time , the display may appear as all 8 's and may even have a scorched darkened area in the middle . This is only temporary , and is probably typical for LCD displays , but it is rather annoying on days when there are few clouds . It is actually still computing even though you may not be able to read it , and will return to normal in the shade.Also , make sure to set the wheel size when you set it up .
 Bought this unit for my 8 year old son . Works fine . Not a lot of bells and whistles but you really do n't need more than what is offered on this computer .
 This computer has been on my bike for almost 2,000 miles and it 's still going strong . It seems to be very accurate . Just read the directions and you should n't have any problems . The only thing I would recommend is measuring your tire yourself , rather than using the chart provided in the manual.Using the chart will get you in the ballpark , and for rides to the store and back it may be all you need . But if you 're going to be doing longer rides and recording your trips , then it is well worth the extra effort of taking your time and doing your own measuring .
 The reason I purchased the speedometer is because it is very reliable . I install these speedometers on golf carts as I live in a golf cart community where we use our golf carts as our second mode of transportation . I have installed over 200 of these on golf carts and everyone loves them as they can see how fast there going and there distance . Using the trip mile indicator works well for a days drive . The range of most electric golf carts is about 45 miles . So the trip mile indicator tells them when it 's time to go home so they do n't run out of power . It would be nice if the speedometer had a light in it for night driving.Ed
 My wife and I have five bicycles between us . Four of them have this computer on them . We have had three of for them about three years . They do what they do very well . The price is right and they seem to be accurate and dependable . The key to accuracy is to set it up correctly . I would have given it five stars but nothing is perfect .
 This is a great peice that does a whole lot for a good price . It isnt the cheepest or the most exspencive but it is kind of lower-midle priced peice that works well , is acurate & is easy to read & set . Plus its made by Shwinn who is one of the best bike companies out there !
 We 've been using this particular kind of bicycle computer for awhile . We 've tried more expensive ones , but they tend to break down just as easily as the cheap ones . This Schwinn works as well as any other . Do n't leave it sitting out in the sun , though . If you park your bike outside during the hot summer months , it 's best to take the computer with you or the screen will degrade over time .
 i got this for christmas or birthday a few years ago . its great , except for these reasons : > not stainless steelthe blade is not stainless steel , so it is succeptable to rust . > good looking from affarits very good looking from a little of a distance , but a close examination will show you it is not a $ 100 katana -LRB- but thats obvious from affar also . > sheath is made of cheap woodso it dings easily -LRB- just be careful around saber claws , or other blades for that matter . -RRB- > very slightly -LRB- VERY -RRB- blade heavy . nothing too bad , just requires a bit of a grip when swinging . i also wouldnt recomend hitting anything with this , as it feels as if it would break . slightly clingy , also.other then those , its fantastic , and anybody who wants a cool katana to show , this is your sword . it also has some characters on the blade , which look really cool!Now to translate these characters !
 This sword is a good sword i may also say i love the work of art on this is fantastic.But the only flaw with this sword is that the tip of the sword is only pointy part on the sword thats it.Its not that good for cutting though unless you get a professional to sharpion the sides or blade for you so it can cut great but otherwise it doesnt cut great.I still yet have to try more cuting test to see if its good.I rate this a 4/5 .
 item is very good but the box that it was send it was to big , when I got it I thought it was plasma TV , and shipping fees where to expensive because of the big box that was used
 The sword is perfect and just what I wanted . However , the stand that came with it is very cheap and does not hold the sword . It keeps falling over , so I am not very happy with that.Otherwise , the service was good and I like the sword itself .
 well it took 6 days ti get from canada to florida it is a good sword i like the design but the blade sucks it did not pass the paper test andnow i have to buy the sharpenin kit so i can cut trow stuff .
 This sword is just great , it was exactly as described , the sword just looks great . I am very happy with this .
 It was gift for friend who retired , and is into the swords and anything to do with Samurai Japanese things . As far as I know he loves it !
 I 've always wanted to buy a katana , so I went on amazon and bought one . This is a good starter sword , it is not a great quality but looks good on the stand . It said CHINA on the blade , witch I personally would rather not have on a swords blade . I think I will go ahead and look for a more expensive katana actually made in Japan . All in all it is an ok sword .
 My son loves his sword . It looks better than i thought it would ; it is a real sword !! Thank you , so much .
 It arrived in perfect condition , and 2 days before estimated arrival . It is verydull and when drawn from the saya it leaves a greasy smudge on the blade , butit disappears after a while , and it is beautiful and very sturdy.Overall I would recommend it .
 The sword is of real good quality for the price . The finish of the engraving both on the sword as well as on the saya and tsuba are really good . The blade is not sharpened , but I believe you can sharpen it if you wish . I would really like to know what the engraving on the sword and the stand means . Overall , if you are a fan of the katana & have been looking around to buy a good showpiece , this is the one !
 Sword is not of the best quality , but certainly worth the 15 dollar price tag . For a wallhanger , I have no complaints . The kanji script carved into the scabbard is very attractive and adds to the traditional look of the sword . All the wrappings are nylon , but look nice enough . The blade is fairly dull , it barely passed the paper test , I might try to sharpen it later.My only real complaint is that when the sword is removed from the scabbard , there is a greasy film that collects on the blade , but I think it will go away after a while .
 The sword is beautiful and exactly as expected . The sheath is a black matte . This is a sword that can be used beautifully for decorative purposes . The only reason I did not give it 4 stars is because the blade is not stainless steel . The description said it was but unfortunately it is not . I was interested in a stainless steel blade for concerns over any rusting that may occur with any other type of blade . The stand is simple but does its job . It displays any sword in an elegant manner .
 Seeing as I 'm Japanese , I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend , to extend cultural ideas , and she loves it ! Actually her whole family was trying to get me to buy them one now!This is a DISPLAY piece . Do n't be disappointed if you go chop a tree and your sword breaks in half.The engraving on the sheath and blade are also nice touches , and the included stand is nice too !
 I think this sword is well worth the 15 dollars for it . I have many high end swords as well , but for the 15 dollar price range this is great . Its a stainless steel blade -LRB- which in most cases is much narrower than the handle making it look rather ugly -RRB- but is a good width . If you want to hang it on the wall , it 'll look great but i actually use it to trim the garden . its nice to have a sword i can practice with and not worry about if it gets damaaged . if you find that it gets loose , remove the cam on the bottom of the handle and tighten the bolt .
 sturdy , nicely made for the price ... better then some of the others i got on amazon for over 40 bucks . nice job guys , thank you !
 This is a good sword for practice and katas . It is a true work of art with its designs and whatnot . For practice and workouts it works well . It is slightly blade heavy in my opinion though . If I am correct , this is a MOVIE PROP sword so do n't be surprised that it has a false edge . The wax or grease everyone is talking about is a protective coating of grease that is applied to protect the sword from oxidation , or rusting , while in storage prior to sale . Almost all bladed weapons or tools are stored in this way at some point . If it bothers you , you can just wipe it clean with a cloth . No big deal . Dont forget to clean it and regrease it with the proper kit to prevent it from rusting . As a decoration it is a work of art . The stand is real light though so dont be surprised if it falls over alot if you live near railroad tracks . But this sword is solid so it shouldnt hurt it . This sword is definately worth the price . Buy it .
 The sword is great for the price , even though the blade is a bit flimsy I would fully recommend this sword for a costume or display .
 I bought this for display purposes for my 10 year old . He 's at that `` ninja stage `` I was surprised to see that this sword had a bit of an edge to it , which I promptly took care of.He thinks it 's `` really cool '' and it looks good i his room .
 I hardly paid anything for this sword but I definitely got what I paid for . It came with a stand which was pretty cool and is a great display piece however it is not sharpened and seems pretty cheaply made . A cool addition to my collection but if you want something that will work as an actual sword this might not be the best idea . On the other hand if you want something aesthetically pleasing then this is perfect for the job .
 Despite having a great bike , my boy has been pestering me for a bike with bike pegs . After searching around the Internet , I found these . I tried them and they work great . They are extremely easy to install.Now , they are all scraped up because my boy has been grinding them on curbs and whatnot . Ugh ! Oh well . That 's what he wanted them for . He is certainly happy .
 For the price , I was pleasantly surprised . This is a solid , strong knife . Yes , it was a bit dull when it arrived , but that was easy to fix . And the action was very tight straight from the box - but it loosened up with a few uses . The action is still good and solid , the way it should be for a work knife . I 'm not much of a knife buff , but a knowledgeable friend gave this knife high marks for rugged construction and good steel - and as a bonus , he hit it a couple of licks on his diamond stone and had it shaving the hair off my forearm . I 'm going to buy a couple more as I can think of some people who would be delighted to receive one as a gift .
 Mine came sharp as a razor . This is the essence of America . You could n't damage this if you ran over it with a truck , and I 'd be willing to bet that this lockback will outlast most of it 's owners lives . They 're not available here but Smokey Mountain Knives dot-com has them for a few dollars more but free shipping so it 's a wash ... These things are pure metallica ... . smooth , indistructable , light . Pure purpose .
 I love this knife I carry it everyday it 's so thin I sometimes forget ... The knife fits right in the hand just a little wobble in the blade . Still a great knife . Bear & Son only uses 440 stainless steel in it 's blades . Usually have to pay more for that !!!
 I 've heard about Bear and Sons knives but this is the first one I 've bought . I 'm giving it 5 stars for the low price , but the blade opening action is a bit stiff . It 's a nice little knife with a few good details like a stainless handle fastened with flush-ground steel rivits . The blade is not terribly sharp out of the box , but should get there with a few swipes on a whetstone .
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 Though I 'm not using it in a boat , I think this one is a fairly decent panel.I found the extra stickers a bit useless .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 This program is insane !! I love it . Its such high intervals that mynheartrate jumps through the roof . I have lost over 17 lbs so far in 2 weeks . It has changed my life .
 Just let me tell you this
 Insanity is AWESOME !! My husband and I started Insanity 6 weeks ago . I was 212 pounds and in a very tight size 16 pants . My husband was 275 pounds and a tight size 40 pants . Now I am 190 and in a size 12 and my husband is 162 and in a 36 . So needless to say we were not small . I wanted something that did cardio , sculpting , and strengthening all in one , well this does it ! We did month one and some days we could n't finish the video . There is no way we can keep up with Shaun T even now but we do it every day and we end up soaked in sweat . We did n't move to month 2 we started month 1 over again . We can see results we can feel our strength and endurance build and we love it . This program is the best out there !!
 I love Shaun t. I was very out of shape . 23 pounds less and looking foward for my second round.INSANITY Deluxe
 I have been using it for 5 weeks and i havent seen much difference in my weight but i have in inches . i love working out so i defenetly love it !!! is tough do not under estimate the program i was running 3 to 5 miles a day and i thought i had an advantage and i almost passed out on my first day - defenetly a biggest looser first day moment . so watch out = -RRB-
 I bought the item , thought it wouldnt work and i knew i was able to return it . But i did the program for 60 days . you will see results , fat will burn . just stay on schedule with him . and note down the results . i mean i didnt stop after 60days i love the program . i did it over the summer now that i dont have as much time i do the main ones on different days .
 If you need to drop weight and think you can handle fast paced workouts then this is for you ! shaun t is great for motivating you to go faster and to not quit . you can do it
 I received the product in a short amount of time . The dvd 's are tough and you need to follow them in order to lose weight . Also you need to eat well in order to get into shape .
 The INSANITY DVDS r def insane . In 2 weeks , I lost 4 pounds and 7 inches over all . Def recommend !
 Fast shipping , as described -LRB- and subsequently lost to Hurricane Sandy -RRB- ... . This is an EXCELLENT workout program . It is intense , and I like that the workouts are a more reasonable 30 minutes that the workouts you in P90X -LRB- I find it hard to fit an hour + into my schedule -RRB- . I will eventually purchase this program again ...
 I PURCHASED THIS WORKOUT PROGRAM FOR MY FIANCE ' . SHE LOVES IT . SHE CONTINUOUSLY DESCRIBED THE CARDIO ASPECT OF THE WORKOUT PROGRAM IS GREAT . SHE IS A VERY ENTHUSIASTIC TRAINER AND HAS MANY POSITIVE THINGS TO SAY ABOUT THE PROGRAM COMPARED TO PERSONAL TRAINERS AND OTHER WORKOUT PROGRAMS .
 I think that I should preface this review with letting everyone know that I started Insanity as a VERY overweight , out of shape mother of 2 who got almost not physical exercise ever . It was really sad and I had lost all hope in myself and my body . -LRB- Sad , I know ! -RRB- And , by the way , I am in no way affiliated with Insanity workouts or Beachbody.I decided I needed to do something for the sake of my kids . How could I ever expect them to have a healthy role model when their mother was over 220 pounds ? My husband had also put on a few pounds and I thought that we could keep each other motivated.I started the Insanity Fit Test and I realized that this is something that I 'm really going to be able to stick to . I 've NEVER sweated like that before in my whole life . In the past couple of weeks , I 've become addicted to this workout . I have just completed week 3 and ca n't wait to keep going . Each day , I feel a bit more fit and like I can `` dig deeper '' even more than the previous workout . Every workout , I am able to do the workouts a little bit better than the first time -LRB- like I said , I went from 0 to 60 with this program , so I have a bit of down time when I 'm trying to catch my breath in these workouts -RRB- . I know that Insanity has had some bad reviews for a few things so I 'm going to lay to rest some rumors that are not true .1 . You have to be in shape to start this and make it through the workouts -LRB- I think I 've visited this topic -RRB- 2 . This workout gets boring - ABSOLUTELY not ! I love it more every day3 . You will hurt your joints doing this workout - again , starting this as a sedentary 220 lb woman , I have not had any aches or pains -LRB- aside from those of my own muscles being awoken from their hibernation -RRB- . I have not gotten ripped -LRB- yet -RRB- . I still have quite the layer I need to get rid of before my awesomely insane muscles will be able to be viewed by the public , but I can feel myself doing better and notice a difference in my legs . Yesterday I felt a muscle in my back I have NEVER felt before . These workouts feel like the sports conditioning I went through in high school sports , except a little more intense and EVERY DAY.I highly encourage anyone to try this workout and you WILL notice a difference .
 So I was going to start out by saying you really need to complete something like p90x before attempting this , but then I saw a review from a 220lb woman that did it , so maybe I 'm wrong . I did p90x 3 times , got amazing results , really enjoyed fitness and started hitting the gym regularly for the next 2 years . Lots of weight lifting and some cardio as I watched my muscles grow . After a while i started to slack off a bit and gained about 9-10 lbs so i decided i needed a kick in the butt the get back into a more serious routine . This is when i started insanity . It is harder than anything I have ever done . It works you like no other , and one part I really like is the workouts are only about 40 min start to finish so it doesnt take a whole lot of time . I am in my 4th week and cant wait to see my results by the end of day 60 . If you want something to jumpstart your fitness , this is a great choice . Also , as far as people talking about injury and high impact to the joints
 I 've had a gym membership for about 10 yrs . I use the gym as a training tool . I 'm an endurance athlete . What i mean is i go the gym to train for a marathon or a half iron man . I do n't work out for the sake of working out . That being said , last winter i decided to purchase Insanity as a mean to staying in shape running and biking in the snow just was n't going to happen . I ca n't even begin to tell you how impressed i was . Holy Cow ! One word `` RESULTS '' ! I followed the program for the sixty days . The instructions are easy to follow . They were very well done . First of all , the videos are HARD . Really Hard in fact . I loved it . Finally a challenge in a box . The program helped me stay in optimal shape through out the winter . I found myself in better shape going into the spring that i had any other year . The bonus . I looked ripped . The interval training and the plyometric workouts were intense . So if you are looking something to give you an edge , then try Insanity . It 's worth it .
 The DVD set arrived on time in great condition . The 11 main DVD 's of the set work great . There were two additional DVD 's of bonus excercises that did not work . This is a awesome work out that definately will get you in shape if you do them .
 I am a 26 year old , healthy adult , who works out every day . I have tried everything , from gym memberships to kickboxing dvd 's trying to find a workout that would REALLY push me to my limits . Often I had found dvd 's or classes to not be challenging enough , they definitely made me sweat but I wanted a real PUSH to help me with endurance and to get further . The Insanity series has been the answer . By the end -LRB- or even the middle ! -RRB- of the workouts , I find myself driven to the max , my heart rate stays up and I feel a real burn in my muscles . Some people do n't like the fact that all the participants in the dvd 's are in shape and fit , but that makes me even more motivated ! Shaun T. -LRB- the instructor -RRB- is all about using the core and `` digging deeper . '' After using these dvds for the past 2 months I went back to the gym and hopped on the treadmill and have run faster and longer than I ever have before . I never could have done that without Insanity . I recommend this 100 % !!!
 I loved this training . Completely different to the sprinkle your donuts and love weight mentality . Completely opposite indeed , you will earn your body and you will become healthy.The program is completely worthy . I lost 30 pounds 2 sizes jeans and I feel so healthy I ca n't explain the difference . Do this or any similar program . Get in better shape , control your body and your instincts and beautiful thing will come your way for enjoyment.That being said , I doubt that anyone would ever need the deluxe program . If I get to do this purchase again , I get the other `` vanilla '' package . And possibly a fat caliper . But the jump mat it is only used on few session and just for a little bit . It is priced ~ $ 80 separately , completely waste of money . Fat caliper ... . Cheap and ugly.That being said , the program is incredible and well the price and 5 stars for sure .
 I own several Beachbody workouts -LRB- P90X , P90X2 , Chalean Extreme , Turbo Fire , REV Abs , etc -RRB- and Insanity is by far my favorite ! It is not a workout for beginers who do not want to work hard . Sean T tells you to take a break when you need to and , and trust me , you will need it . My workout regimen was in need of an extra boost and this workout has given me that . Thank you Sean T for transforming my body . I am 47 years old and look better than when I was in my 20 's and I worked out then too .
 As of this writing I have completed the Insanity program . It was very challenging and remains challenging . -LRB- I have started my second time through after a 30 day break with a different routine . -RRB- I like the fact it is body weight program no weights required . A workout mat of some kind does help when you do the exercises on the floor.I used the program to prepare for a Tough Mudder event in Colorado . It worked great ! I did not follow the meal plan included with the DVD 's so my weight loss was not as great as it could have been . I did follow the workouts as scheduled . It prepared me to complete the Tough Mudder . It really helped with strengthing the legs and the cardio I needed to push through on the tough mudder course at 10,000 feet above sea level in the mountains of Colorado.One comment
 The best . The gold standard for aerobic workout routines on disk . I love it and have been repeating it for over a year . The Best .
 I 'm a big Finch fan . They recently reformed and they 're touring again in 2013 . This band is fairly well made . It might be a tad small so if you have big wrists like 8 inches in circumference , it might not fit .
 well made and finishing , high quality materials , easy to connect to the lure , robust and last long enough to take on to any fishing trip !
 These are great sinkers , much easier to use than split shots , no tools required to put on/off and they wo n't damage your line ! And guess what ? They 're still made in the USA by Water Gremlin of Minnesota ! A must have for every angler !
 The item is just what I ordered and it came to me safely and in short time frame ! I am pleased with my service and my product !
 Today was the my first spinning class in about 3 years and I brought this thing along with me . I expected to be sore but I 'm not . This also fit the spinner brand bike perfectly , no sliding around . I 'm a big gal and this made those tiny seats manageable . I was very happy to buy this instead of buying a ton of expensive padded bike shorts.I compared several brands at the store and this one had the thickest , yet hardest , padding . The others looked too squishy and soft and I was afraid they would n't support me more than a month or so before they just gave out . Only time will tell with this one.Edit
 This product is great . I use it once a week without any discomfort after spinning . However , it is slightly uncomfortable while spinning . Additionally , it tends to shift occasionally . Overall , it is a good product , but purchase it used . My used product looked new upon arrival .
 I would have liked a wider seat as the narrow seats in spin class can be brutal , but this did make me a little bit more comfortable . The seat is the same width as a typical spin bike but it is a lot softer than a spin seat ... I was looking for softer and wider . 1 out of 2 is n't bad .
 I use this for spinning class , I no longer have sore seatbones . It does slide back a little so make sure you tighten it to the max .
 I felt it was a little hard/tough at first , but after I used it for a while either I got used to it or it may have softened . I love it now
 The first time I tried spinning I was shocked at how sore I was in the seat area . After looking at cycling shorts -LRB- very expensive -RRB- and some other products , I decided to purchase this and am SO glad I did.I did spinning for the second time ever only after I received this seat cover and what a difference ! I had NO soreness at all ! I was sore where I thought I would be sore , in my legs and not my butt!Ever since then , I 've never been sore from any spinning workout . I ended up with 2 and bring both with me to loan out to people if they do n't have one.I am also on the heavier side -LRB- for now :--RRB- -RRB- so I was n't sure this would be good enough support , but it is ! It 's been a couple of months since I started using the seat cover and still LOVE it ... and I 've lost 17lbs in a month . : - -RRB-
 I BOUGHT THIS SHIRT FOR WATER AEROBICS IN AN OUTDOOR POOL ON A WINDY OR COOL DAY . SINCE THEN , WE HAVE HAD WARM WEATHER , SO I HAVE NOT YET WORN IT . BUT IT SHOULD BE EFFECTIVE IN PREVENTING ME FROM FEELING SO COLD FROM BEING WET IN A WIND .
 Bear and Son 5 '' Genuine India Stag Bone Lockback with Leather SheathThis is one great knife . I really do n't understand all the negative vibes of these others . I think this is one beautiful piece of work . Made in America by those wonderful people in Alabama . Truth is , I lived in Alabama and am proud of their workmanship ! Seriously , this is quality all the way . Ya ca n't go wrong . Dabo
 Since Schrade went out of business -LRB- all their knives are imported fakes now -RRB- , if you 're looking for a large American made lockback the size of a LB7 this is the one . It 's made in U.S.A. , and the quality is impeccable . At 83/4 '' L.O.A. open -LRB- 5 '' closed -RRB- it 's large enough to be useful . For the few dollars more for this knife as compared to an imported one this size frankly , it 's a `` no-brainer '' . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 Most lockbacks including the buck 110 allow the blade to touch when pushed when closed.My old schrade lb7 from 1984 does not do this but that does not mean the buck or the Bear and Son lockback are flawed.it 's still a great US made knife .
 This is a big lockback folding hunter with nice bone covers . It 's made in Alabama and comes with a heavy duty leather sheath . Sharp out of the box . Overall , a bargain at its current price . However , my knife came with two slight and parallel wheel abrasions on one of the bolsters . Not enough to warrant a return , but definitely a cosmetic flaw that should have prevented the knife from leaving the factory and being sold ` as new . ' I could return the knife directly to Bear and Son , but it 's not worth the hassle . The blade is tight and locks and unlocks nicely . Besides , this baby is a work knife , not some pretty box queen for a collector . It 's going to get lots of abuse . Get this knife , use it , and keep it sharp and oiled .
 This beauty came as advertised . The workmanship is terrific just as you 'd expect an American made knife to be . This knife is top quality and the price is unbelievably low . Overall , I 'm extremely happy with my purchase and I plan on owning more Bear & Son knives in the future .
 Got this knife as a father 's day present . Really enjoyed the beauty and craftsmanship . My wife just wo n't let me take it to work .
 I bought a set of these at my local store about a month ago and I went ahead and bought an extra pair here on amazon because of the quality of these grips ! They are a little longer for most bikes handlebars , however I just readjusted my brake levers/shifters over toward the middle a little bit so that these will slide on nicely and all is well . Also to get them to stick on without them getting loose -LRB- even if it gets wet -RRB- is to shoot a quick couple of sprays of hairspray into them right before you 're about to slide them in as it seems to hold very well . For the price and considering other grips I 've bought , these are definitely worth the purchase as they 're comfortable and hold pretty good .
 These are great and work perfectly on my daughters razor scooter to replace the torn foam grips . Good quality and easy to put on ... great price and fast shipping .
 I retro-fitted my Xootr with these after I noticed the foam handle bars deteriorating . Excellent !
 We bought this value pack for our 3 year old and despite the age recommendations , it fit her . She loves the helmet with the Disney Princess characters in it . And the bell is a great added extra for her bike . But the knee and elbow pads are too still to wear . When she puts them on , she is unable to bend her arms or knees making it impossible to ride her bike .
 The look is very cute , but the helmet and bell are probably the most durable pieces and they are n't too great . The knee & elbow pads are useless because they do n't bend at all and are pretty dinky . The bell is nice and easy to use , but the plastic that the screw screws into is pretty soft and the screw wo n't tighten very well but we got it tight enough to stay for the most part but it keeps slipping down . The helmet is ok , but when I pulled it out of the box one of the plastic pieces that was glued/stickered to the foam popped off and I had to stick it back on - though I have n't had problems with it since she 's only had it for 2 days and I have a feeling I will . Overall not the best quality and I will probably end up purchasing something different down the road when this falls apart .
 I have a three year old that has a larger head than most toddlers so we had to step up to this pack when looking for the whole safety pack to go with her new scooter and bike.The helmet has plenty of adjustments so that you can fit it just right . As far as the knee pads and elbow pads go , they work for us and my daughter does n't hesitate to put them on before going for a ride.Of course , she loves that they are Disney Princess too !
 My daughter is 41/4 years old and just loved this set , the helmet was a really big hit and fit her very well , she did n't want to take it off the first few days naturally . The handlebar bell was nice and works fine though not as nice sounding with the thumbwheel activation as the clapper type but suffices well . Kneepads and elbow pads are sufficient though a bit tight though I would imagine that with use they will stretch out naturally , kinda flimsy I thought but then it 's not as if a child weighs a ton and needs Kevlar reinforced pads in these areas . Overall very pleased with this set .
 I bought this helmet & knee , elbow pad set for my daughter 's 4 year-old birthday . She could n't be more happy to see it with her new princess bike -LRB- 16 inches -RRB- . The set matches perfectly with the bike and I highly recommend this product !
 Awsome . My daughter loves the set . And I love the price even better . Very durable , a little stiff at first , but then you break it in and its fine .
 I love this set . My niece love everything princess . So i felt this was the perfect gift to go with her bike . N skates .
 hace tiempo compre este combo de disney y me parece que es bonito y resistentes . a mi hija le gusta mucho , pero casi no usa las rodilleras porque le molestan un poco . . es bueno . lo recomiendo
 I love this set . Purchased it for my 3-yr-old daughter and she absolutely loves it ! She loves the princesses so this was perfect . Shipping was very quick , too ! overall it was a great experience doing business on Amazon !
 My son who is four -LRB- and a big four -RRB- rides fine on the Flyer with the 3-position seat in the middle holes . I was wondering at first when I saw the smallish box it come in , but the bike is plenty big.Assembly was easy and everything went together well.He loves it and should for a while .
 My son enjoys his Big Wheel . It 's sort of like a ball . They never go out of style .
 Very durable construction . Lots of metal parts -LRB- instead of plastic -RRB- . Seems like a very solid bike that should last longer than will be needed .
 Purchased for my son 's fourth birthday . He loves it . Rides all the time and is the envy of other kids that see him on it -LRB- must be the first in town to own one -RRB- . Was easy to assemble and seems durable -LRB- but we only have it for a month -RRB- . Wish the tire included a rubber band , but otherwise happy with the choice . Price was best at time of purchase .
 My 6 year old son took to this trike right away . He loved the speed and control he had on it . He is tall for his age so unfortunately he will probably only fit it for another year or so . I suspect , however , that he will wear the tires out by that time . The seat adjusts for a much smaller child but to be honest I think they would have a hard time powering it . Even my boy has trouble getting it up a slight grade without a running start . Still very fun and very cool looking . Wish they made it in adult size .
 My nephew asked for a `` Big Wheel '' because he was having difficulties riding the regular bike I bought him . He 's quit small for a 4 yr old . He loves it . Although much of this product is plastic it seems very sturdy and has held up to his daily use very well . It seems better built than the real big wheel product that I saw at Toys R Us . I would buy this again
 We love the Big Wheel ! This was a gift to my 4yr old grandson and he loved it . My kids had these when they were little and it was always a favorite toy . It is fun , durable , and easy to assemble .
 I bought two for my sons and they absolutly love them . I almost went with another Big Wheel but I had a chance to see this one and it is well built . It has a rubber strip that goes over the wheel unlike the ones I had growing up , which had a cheap plastic wheel that would wear down after a couple of weeks . The adjustable back is neat too . This is a classic ...
 Was purchased for my 3 year old for his birthday . He is still a little too short to pedal but he gets around using his feet on the ground . Was easy to assemble . Going to be a very durable product . He absolutely loves it !!!! Can always count on Radio Flyer for a great product !!!
 I got ta say that I was very happy with this purchase . I actually kept my expectations only at a resonsible level because you just never know what your gon na get sometimes . Needless to say I was very happy with this big wheel as it was sturdy and really stylish with it 's color scheme . The flag is a nice touch and makes the bike look all the more original and my son loves that it makes him feel extra cool . Assembly was rather easy and it was as I put it together that I came to realize the parts seemed more sturdy then cheap . My son just turned 4 , is 35 pounds and is 38 inches tall which puts him at just able to touch the peddles with the seat in the front most position . He is able to peddle rather well with only a little stretch which I figure this means this should last awhile . Would most definetly recommend .
 Bought for my grandaughter last christmas and she loves it and is still using it she is now 5 years old . I like the seat adjustment for growing . AAA + + + +
 We searched all over and found this big wheel for my son 's 4th birthday . He loves it!The directions to assemble were easy to follow . This big wheel may be more expensive than others in the market place , but worth the difference based on the quality your getting . It also reminds me a lot of the big wheel that I grew up with . Great gift for any child !!
 I think that this is an excellent product at a great price . It was failry easy to assemble and the quality of the parts are excellent . Well worth the money !
 The Radio Flyer Big Flyer was given as a gift for my 3 year old grandsons birthday . I put it together before the party and when he lifted the cover off of it he was gone immediately riding . His brother has an original Big Wheel and the Radio Flyer is much nicer . Chrome handle bars and much heavier and well built but light enough and with the rear wheel slicks he can still spin out , as most little boys like to do . I almost bought an original big wheel I found on line but am glad I kept loooking . I would buy this again . The flag on the back is a hit with him but I like that too . Can see him when he circles the car in the driveway . Have found that to be very stable and we have not had any trouble with that being broken easily as some people said . He says its the best.Radio Flyer Big Flyer
 Our 5 yr . old loves his bigwheel . loves it . on it all day long .
 It arrived very quickly . It was more than we had expected . Very durable and my granddaughter loves it .
 Trike arrived as promised . Not difficult to assemble . All parts were there . Seat is easily adjustable . 5 yr old Grandson loves it and drove it around driveway for hours . Would recommend to anyone wanting a well built -LRB- although plastic -RRB- tricycle for their child .
 My four year old loves this big wheel . He was recently in a local big wheel race and I overheard people commenting that it was the `` coolest '' one there . He 'll be able to ride this for years . And , at a great price .
 This is made of very durable plastic - VERY well made . There are platics and then there are good plastics . This heavy duty plastic toy has worn VERY well after greater than 1 year of use by my 4 now 5 year old and now my 3 year old too . They ride it every day . The softer plastic ring on the big front wheel gives great grip so that the wheel almost never spins under the action of pedaling . GREAT TOY . Built better than the big wheel of my childhood .
 We got this bike for my son 's two-year birthday . It was a hit as we brought it out for him to see . His eyes lit up at the red bike with the chrome handle bars and stylish flag . So did my daughter 's eyes , which proved to be a good thing because the bike is too big for my son . He got a glider bike for Christmas and my four-year-old daughter has taken over the Radio Flyer . Whether she 's riding up and down in the driveway or speeding around the trails at the park , she could n't be having more fun . I have never seen such pure delight and joy on my daughter 's face as she rides this bike . I HIGHLY recommend it .
 Too big for my 31/2 year who is VERY tall for her age . She ca n't quite reach the pedals , and the smaller one we bought for my two year old is a better fit . Good little big wheel though , and she 'll reach the pedals before too long . Well made , easy to install . Everything fit well .
 Update from my first review -- I ordered this for my son for Christmas and waited to put it together -LRB- so he would n't find it -RRB- and two key parts were missing . I had to wait a few days after the holiday before being able to get in contact with anyone at Radio Flyer to send me the missing parts , but they were great about it and I just received them and my son was able to ride it today and totally loved it . It 's a nice size bike and will definitely allow him to grow with it . He loved the flag and it seems like a very durable bike . Overall , I am happy with this bike -- I just wish it could have been under my tree on Christmas morning . But honestly I think I cared much more then my son .
 What a way to fly around the back yard for my little 5 year old grandson . This big wheel will grow with him and will give years of use . A Great gift for a little boy !
 I have very fond memories of my own Big Wheel from decades ago , so even though I 've already purchased both a trike and a bike for my son , I really wanted to find him the best Big Wheel on the market for skidding down the asphalt . The reviews clearly pointed to this one , so I picked it up when my son was 3yo . Assembly was OK , though it could 've been easier , and the white plastic `` rims '' seem unnecessary and do n't stay securely snapped into their grooves too well . That 's no big deal , but the safety flag broke in no time , so it wo n't stay attached to the vehicle for long . Again , it 's not absolutely needed , but it 's poorly engineered to the point where you might as well not bother . Now the worst thing when I first bought it was that my 3yo son could n't really reach the pedals well enough to pedal it at age 3 , even with the seat in the closest position . And he 's not short , as he was above the 95th percentile in height when he was born and is still median height or above . Maybe he has short legs and a long torso , but in any case this Big Wheel had to wait . Now that he 's 4yo , though , he enjoys careening down the side of the road by our house , with me running to catch up ! So the fun has finally kicked in , and I do n't think he 'll outgrow this for a while . I did n't try any of the cheaper options , so I ca n't say with certainty that this pricier one is worth it ; but other reviewers seem to think so , and I can say that I do n't think you 'll be disappointed with this product , except perhaps the minor issues I noted above .
 Super service . Highly recommend the product for we own two of the Flyers for the grandchildren . They run the wheels off of them and they are very durable .
 My hubby and I grew up riding Big Wheels 35-ish years ago , so we knew our 4 year old would love getting one for his birthday . We were right !! I researched the Big Wheel brand and was disappointed with the reviews it has received recently , so I went with the Radio Flyer and I 'm glad I did ! I expected it to be somewhat flimsy , as everything seems to be nowadays , but I was very impressed at how sturdy it was . My husband put it together without major hassle in less than 30 minutes . Our only disappointment -LRB- that we knew going in -RRB- was the lack of a hand brake . C'mon , spinning out by jamming the brake on while turning is the best part of the Big Wheel experience ! No worries , though , my son figured out how to spin out in like 2 minutes of riding ! I like the reinforced front wheel - it seems to provide a bit of traction and I imagine will prevent the wheel from wearing through like mine did as a kid . My son loves the flag , too . Very satisfied with the price -LRB- compared to other sites/stores -RRB- , the fast shipping time , and the quality !
 Purchased this for my 4 year old grandson and he loved it ! Very good construction and went together easily . All he needed to do was jump on and enjoy !
 I bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday , and he loves it . It appears to be very durable , and it 's sized just right .
 My grand babies love there big wheels they are 5 and 3 and ca n't stop playing with them and to find one thing they wo n't get board with fast is almost in possible very happy with the decision on getting this for them .
 My son loves this big wheel , and goes tearing up and down the driveway on a regular basis . Good sturdy toy and seems like it will last a long time . This was far better quality than some others in the same price range .
 We purchased this for my 3 year old sons birthday . My husband assembled it in about 20 minutes . This tricycle looks very cool and with a name like radio flyer I trust that it will last .
 Very Cute for my 3 year old son 's birthday . After reading the reviews I was worried but my son is able to ride it fine .
 I got this for my nephew and he was so surprised and loves how fast he can go ! This is a great buy I also got one in pink for my little cousin
 Bougth this for my 4 year old grandson 's birthday ! It was the hit of the party . He loves riding it and I like that the flag can been seen over items.Constructed very well and i like the fact that you can buy replacements parts if needed from radio flyer .
 My 4 year old son LOVES this bike , as do all the neighbor kids . Big hit ! Guess we 'll have to buy another one for our daughter .
 lo compre para darlo de regalo a mi sobrino , fue f&aacute;cil de armar y no ha parado de jugar con el .
 Got the red one for my son and the pink one for my daughter . They are pretty good big wheels . Not much you can do with big wheels , they have a strip of rubber on the front tire to prevent skidding on launch .
 this was a reasonably priced toy with good quality you would expect . perfect starter trike for every kid : - -RRB-
 My grandson is 3 years old and loves it.It is made very good and i know will last a very long time . I would buy another . I rate this toy on a scale from 1 - 10 I give this toy a 10 .
 We got this big wheel for our VERY tall 3 year old son . He loves it . He honestly rides it better then he does his tricycle . He got the hang of it pretty quick and then we could n't get him off . His older 6 year old brother got the razor rip 360 so both boys were going up and down our street for over an hour . Highly recommended ... the only issue I have it that my son complained that his back hurt and upon inspection later he had a slight bruise on his lower back ... now we did have the seat in the first setting so hopefully once he gets a little taller and we adjust the seat he will be more comfortable .
 Love the flag for safery and visibility . Lots of growing room for the leg length . Goes up and down driveways , curbs , with ease . He keeps up with his older brother , who has a green machine . One thing I would change is the front wheel is plastic . I think the traction would be faster and safer if the front wheel were rubber , similar to the green machine . I would purhcase this again .
 This toy is great ... but there 's a little thing to make it better . it should have the front wheel covered from rubber for a better traction .
 My grandson loves this and flys around my driveway for hours . I love the flag that comes above any car window including SUV so we always know where he is by flag . My one complaint is that the seat that is designed to adjust to three different sizes , pops out periodically and we have to put it back on trike . I would glue it , but then it would n't adjust when our younger grandson grows into it . Overall it has worked well . Grandma L
 We got this for our 2yr old son who is in the 100th % , wearing 5T or boys small and thus allready too large for the traditional tricycle grandma sent for his birthday a few months back . We figured with the manufacturer recomended age range being 3-7 years on the adjustable seat we would be ok . Unfortunately he must get the extra height all in his torso cuase he is nowhere near able to reach the pedals most of the time -LRB- ie when they turn away from him -RRB- . But with it being a Big Wheel he can just sit on it and push himself around . He LOVES it ! Tried to take it away before it was all together . Unfortunately the slot that holds the flag is plastic holding metal screws and a really hard plastic -LRB- almost feels like metal but it 's not -RRB- flag pole . So if your child drags the toy around by the flag pole or bends the flag pole the little housing for the flag will pop out stripping not the screws but where they screw into . I just took the flag off until my son is older and zooming around hence me needing to see him . and i figure i 'll just caulk the sucker in place or something . but for around $ 55 vs. what $ 155 for the average big wheels I 'm definately satisfied . at the rate my son is growing it wo n't be long before he can reach the pedals .
 I was so happy to find a big wheel for my grandson ! The price was very reasonable with fast shipping as well . He will have fun enjoying this riding toy !
 I bought this for my 3 year old grandson 's birthday . It was easy to assemble and seems sturdy for a young child . He loves it . With the seat at the closest position he could reach the pedals . He took off immediately and only got off to blow out his candles . Even his five year old sister had a good time riding it with the seat in the center position . Plenty of room to grow . So we will be getting a pink one for her for Christmas .
 Our 5 yo really likes speeding off on this trike . Well built , easy to assemble , and very durable . I would have given 5/5 stars but thought the front wheel looked as though it was rubber lined for better traction . Red outline is plastic like the rest of the wheel so there is some slipping when pedaling uphill . Of course , maybe its designed this way so the trike &#34; can spin out &#34; . Wish it was made in USA .
 We bought this for my grandson , who is 5 . His older brother has the exact same bike . He loves it and it is working well for him . The only problem my daughter had was the flag . One of the screws came out . But that is all .
 I bought a red and a pink one for my boy girl twins . They were very excited about them but they are too short even with the seat all the way forward to reach the pedals . I cut some 1 '' styrofoam blocks and duct taped them -LRB- one of each side -RRB- of the pedals . This did help , though they still lose their footing , especially on turns . When they grow a bit I know they will love them . They do seem very durable and I am looking forward to them having years of fun riding them .
 We got this for our 4 y/o son . He absolutely loves it !! He has never complained that I was uncomfortable and will spend hours riding it in the basement as we wait for the northern Michigan winter months to pass . He has mastered the tricks and even named it , `` Spikey '' . Great purchase :-RRB- . He will be riding this for years to come as be has plenty of leg room with the adjustable seat !
 I love this but it says for 3 years and up and my son was 3 years when we bought it and he could not reach the petals . He is not short for his age but would recommend for a 4 year old .
 My son loved his new bike with his flag ! He did n't want to put it away for the winter because he enjoyed riding it so much !
 What 3 year old would n't enjoy this ? Love the adjustable seat , so child can grow and still enjoy.Careful with the flag - can easily break .
 For anyone looking to add a little grip to the smooth wheels ,3 M Underseal Rubberized Undercoating Black -LRB- Aerosol -RRB- is amazing . Granted , the MSDS is a little novella at nine pages considering it 's asphalt in an aerosol . But when you 're done spraying those rear tires , you 'll wish you could take your kid 's Big Flyer for a spin around the block . 3M + Radio Flyer Big Flyer = one pimp ride . Now how to attach fly lights to the wheels ?
 I bought this big wheel for my son 's third birthday . I was happy that it did not take long to put together but had to laugh as I was reading the directions and a number was skipped , I think step 3 . My son was a little overwhelmed with it at first but wants to ride it all the time . As a parent , I now understand why my parents always purchased red products for us since they can be seen easily by others . The little flag on the back is good for keeping up with my son but can present a challenge when I have trying to push him with my foot and the baby is grabbing the flag and trying to eat it . Overall , I am very happy with the product . The design is great and sturdy , much better than the big wheel I remember as a kid .
 This three wheeler was easy to assemble with the provided instructions . The parts appear to be well made and fit well . Once assembled it provides a very bright red vehicle and appealed immediately to a four year old boy . I found the price point to be acceptable and delivery was on time and in good condition . I would warn that the seat position in the front setting does provide for a long stretch of the legs , even for a very tall four year old . He has adapted and can ride quite well .
 We bought this for our son 's 4th birthday . He 's enjoying it . The only drawbacks I 've found so far is the flag will not stay up and the seat cut my son 's back -LRB- I 'm going to need to attach a cushion -RRB- . I grew up with hot cycles though . . I know as he grows it 'll be a great toy . . one that provides outside , excersize time !!
 All of our grandchildren reside in Orange County , California . They are very active and fun-loving . When my two granddaughters aged 5 and 7 came to visit us for eight days , they found that grandpa had bought two Radio Flyer Big Flyers for them to play with . He put headlights on the front and small flashing red lights on the back . They are really girly girls so we did n't know what to expect . Well they loved them !!! They had never driven anything like them before but cught on right away . We would go sightseeing everyday and they would beg to get home so that the could ride their flyers . We bought these because they were red and the boys could use them too when they come to visit . Well made , easy to put together , and hours of safe fun ... we are so happy that we purchased them .
 This tricycle can withstand all the fun a pre-school boy can give it - on cement , gravel , dirt , and decomposed granite . In the past , I 've purchased other brands of trikes and they can not compare in terms of steadiness or durability !
 The `` Radio Flyer Big Tire '' as my son calls it was pretty easy to put together . He got it Christmas morning and just loves it . He is a smaller 5 year old so reaching the pedals at the closest seat position is barely possible , but he 'll grow into it nicely . He likes to go fast around turns and the bike seems pretty stable . I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a `` Big Wheel '' .
 This tricycle is a great toy to have around ! My son got this as a Xmas present , and as my husband built it he was raving on how much more sturdy it is than any of the other ones . It looks great and the flag in the back makes it so much more unique . My 4 year old son loves this bike and thinks it 's the coolest thing out there :-RRB- Im sure he 'll enjoy it for a long time to come ! Very happy with this buy and would recommend to everyone!Shipping was very fast !!! Ordered on a saturday and arrived by wednesday ! will definitely order from here again !!!
 I purchased the Radio Flyer Big Flyer for my grandson for Christmas . This is the second one I have purchased and I absolutely love them . They are made like riding toys of years ago . It is very durable and a big hit with my grandchildren .
 Ordered this for our youngest grandson for Christmas . It was easy to assemble and it looks better than the original Big Wheel . The Big Wheel was a great toy for our kids . Hope the grandkids enjoy it as much . This one was a good value . It is sturdy and attractive . The chrome handle bars add to the quality look of the big wheel .
 Just a quick statement
 `` Santa Claus '' got this for my 3 year old for Christmas and he was sooooo excited ! I just had to get it for him since I remembered just how much I loved mine when I was a child - yet mine was not nearly this cool ! He tried riding it through the house -LRB- which did n't work out great -RRB- but after Christmas we did have a couple of mild days that were in the 50 's , so I bundled him up and took him and the Big Flyer out for a ride . He LOVED IT ! He realized he could go MUCH faster on it than he could his tricycle and it was just way more , well , cooler ! I had the same concerns buying it , wondering if the front wheel would catch much traction on hard surfaces or gravel - but he had NO problems on the sidewalk in front of our house or in the gravel drive . Now , he just needs to learn how to turn it ... which I 'm sure he 'll get down pat when the weather allows him to ride more !
 We have grandsons , ages 4 & 2 . We saw these online & ordered them for Christmas gifts . They arrived quickly & were fairly easy to put together . The boys were delighted . We were happy with the quality & looks of this product . I 'm sure the boys will have lots of fun riding on them .
 Great bike , very durable and easy to put together . This was the easiest bike to put together . I have put together many different toys for my kids and had awful experiences but this bike is a pleasure to put together . It also looks great . I wish i could ride on this thing .
 Purchased 4 Radio Flyers for my 4 grandsons , 5,5,4 and 2 . They love the bikes , and the flags . Easy for them to ride with the adjustable seat , and I love the look . They were shipped promptly and had all the parts even a few extra , easy to assemble , according to my husband . Reccommend this product . Boys are ready for spring to really enjoy !
 My boys rode on Big Wheels until the tires were hollow . So for my grandchildren I searched for a more durable toy . Radio Flyer 's Big Flyer won hands down ! They are $ 79 at Toys R Us , so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon.com for less ! The front wheel is thick and durable , wide wheels in the back keep it from tipping on curves . As other reviews have stated it is difficult to go up steep hills , but all riding toys are , including bikes without gears.I am at amazon.com today to purchase another Big Flyer for a grandson 's birthday coming up. , , , It 's that good !
 My nephew lives in the city so my mom got this big-wheel for him to play with at her house where she actually has a yard . She has Zoysia Grass which is extremely thick , dense and cushiony . My nephew ca n't peddle on the grass otherwise the front wheel just spins in place and the big-wheel does n't move . He has to run up the hill and then get someone to give him a push so he can peddle down the hill . He 's going to be 4 this coming week , has very long legs and is big for his age , but he still has to have the adjustable seat on the notches closest to the peddles . He can peddle really well on the patio -LRB- which is stone -RRB- but it 's real small . We have asphalt trails nearby that would probably work out better , we shall see soon . He enjoys it regardless , he 's pretty easy to please . It was n't too difficult to put together , I put everything together myself except the part that needed torquing , since I 'm weak .
 My plan was to purchase the traditional Big Wheel for my toddler granddaughter but after comparing reviews I was convinced that the Radio Flyer Big Flyer was a much better choice . It is sturdy , colorful and especially entertaining with the racing flag and the fake odometer which my granddaughter thinks is a fake telephone and which she uses regularly to pretend call me to express her thanks.It was the perfect choice !
 Bought for grandson , s 4th birthday . he loved it.It was very sturdy and easy to assemble . It is way more sturdy than the cheeper ones at walmart .
 I got this bike for my 3-year old nephew for his birthday . The bike came unassembled , but only took 10-15 minutes to put together . All of the pieces felt solid , and the fully assembled bike felt very sturdy . The adjustable seat is a great feature since he was just a little bit too short for the bike . Great product .
 Did n't know what to buy my 4 year-old son for his birthday . We live in a rural setting , and the stores around here do n't carry this product . We bought it , got a great deal on shipping , and once it came my 12 year-old son was able to assemble it with minimal assistance . My 4 year-old is loving this toy ! There 's 3 seat adjustments and he 's only on the first one , which means much room to grow ! I like the flag on the back for safety , and you just ca n't go wrong with Radio Flyer . I highly recommend this product for lots of fun outside !
 Got this for my 41/2 yr old grandson for Christmas . He absolutely loves it . Very good quality and very durable .
 My 4yr . old son received this for christmas and has not gotten off of it . Even though it is winter it does n't stop him from endless hours of burning donuts in the back yard .
 Easy Assembly , though there is no written text to accompany the directions/drawings . Looks great , wide & safe stance . Flag is a plus . Add a thumb bell on the handlebars and your child will be the happiest on any block . Even gets passer-by `` Thumbs Up '' from the old guys . Enjoy .
 My grandson loves to ride this toy , and it is such good exercise for him . I highly recommend it . Children these days need more exercise , and I want to be certain he has enough .
 My 3 yr old grandson loves it . He now has a &#34; boy &#34; toy to play with when he comes to our house . Our other children are girls . Easy to put together . Would recommend it .
 Easy to put together . Great gift . Have had radio flyer products around since I was a little girl . You can never go wrong with their products .
 Cool looking and solid . takes about 20-30 minutes to put together . very straight forward . I have an almost 3yo that is in the 70 % height . Not tall enough BUT he should be by spring . He is in love with it.This is hands down the best looking big-wheel I 've come across.Cons ?? No &#34; skid &#34; brake , but we 're not at that level just yet!Great buy !! A + +
 My grandson loves this It 's very well built and durable I highly recommend this Its terrific ! It does take some effort to put together
 Our son wanted a Big Wheel for his son . We looked at everything we could find and this one is well made and sturdy , far better then any other brand we looked at .
 Very sturdy ! Well made . We bought 2 as Christmas presents for our boys 6 and 3 . The 3 year old can not reach the pedals . He is in the 50 % for height . At Christmas he is now three and 5months . He will most likely be able to use this by spring . I recommend not buying this for any one under 4years . Otherwise it is excellent .
 demasiado bueno y economico espero tengan buenas ofertas para el proximo a & ntilde ; o 2013 excelente producto y de muy buena calida
 Easy to put together . Love the rims and flag :-RRB- Seat is very adjustable . Chrome handlebars . Everything seems great on this item .
 This big wheel is made exceptional well . Very impressed . Plus it 's made by Radio flyer and we all know the wagons are the best !
 Bought this for my son a year ago when he turned 5 . . He just turned 6 and still loves this little bike ... It is well made and we 've have no issues with it . . His only complaint is the seat back hurts his back some times . . they could have put it at an angle to make it more comfortable instead of straight up and down . I imagine he will get at least another year out of it before he out grows it ... Great purchase !
 Many bucks cheaper tan even Black Friday printing and exactly the same as make and model . I recommend and easy to put together .
 The trike arrived very quickly and well packaged . The instructions were simple -LRB- no written instructions just drawings -RRB- but I recommend not attempting to assemble after taking cold medication like I did . I got stuck on step one for 10 minutes before I figured out I had picked the wrong parts for the rear wheel axles . That said , once the trike was put together my just turned 3 year old attached himself to it and loves it ! It is very well made and looks like it will last many years . My one disappointment is that even with the adjustable seat all the way up my 3 year old can not reach the pedals even though the age group for this product starts at 3 years . Even with the pedal extensions that you can find on line at Amazon or in any local bike shop he would still come up short . I think the product description should include the fact that unless your child 's inseam length is at least 15-16 inches they are not going to reach the pedals . My 3 year old has an inseam -LRB- to the floor -RRB- of about 12 or 13 inches . I 'm going to find a different style for my 3 year old to ride until he grows a little more .
 My son received this big wheel for his 5th birthday & absolutely LOVES it ! We live in Chicago and I had been very worried about it being so low to the ground . I was afraid that people would n't see him , but the flag solves that problem . It is very well made & durable as well as easy to put together . It took about five minutes of riding for my son to figure out he can spin out . He gets lots of complements when driving it around our neighborhood . The only downfall is all the neighborhood kids want to take a ride too!Also , my son is a tall 5 year old -LRB- over 48 '' -RRB- and has the seat on the middle setting . It looks like he 'll get about a year on it .
 I purchased this for my now 7 year old grandson two years ago . He seems to enjoy riding it , especially now that he is older . He does say the seat hurts his back after awhile -LRB- a minor design change in the seat angle would help this issue -RRB- . It still looks new after two years ... and was a great deal at the time of the purchase , I have seen it almost as cheap local stores recently . I would repeat this purchase if needed , but I would wait until the expected rider were 7-8 + years old before getting it .
 Wonderful trike . Easy to assemble . Love the flag for safety . My child is 40 inches and can pedal just fine with seat in closest setting . Lots of room to grow .
 We bought 3 of these for my boys , ages 6 , 5 and 3 ... they all love them . They fit everyone perfectly with the adjustable seat .
 We purchased this as a 4-year old birthday present for our youngest son . When our oldest son turned 4 , we had bought him what claimed to be the `` original brand '' Big Wheel from Walmart . It lasted roughly one month . Unlike the big wheels from my husband and my childhood , these new `` original '' big wheels are far from durable . I can remember watching my little brother run his big wheel into the garage door over and over again -LRB- until my father would storm out of the house and put the big wheel in `` time out '' for the day -RRB- . Sadly by only riding his big wheel up and down the sidewalk , my oldest son had a pedal fall off . My husband fixed that only to have one of the wheels in the back split right in two.So you can imagine the research I did before spending money once again on a big wheel . We wanted our youngest son to have something fun he could ride , but we wanted it to last for at least a summer . Plus we wanted to keep in mind that our youngest son does not do anything half-way . If he had a big wheel , he was going to RIDE that big wheel . Thanks to reading many Amazon reviews , we settled on the Radio Flyer brand , and I am so pleased that we did.The important break-down : ASSEMBLY
 We gave this to our son for his 4th birthday -LRB- April 24th -RRB- and he just loves it . Last year he got a bike with training wheels so we were worried he might not want to ride it because of his big bike . But he rides them equally and loves his new big wheel . I would highly recommend this big wheel . Also he is a 4yr old wearing 4t clothes and his legs and feet just fit the bike on the lowest setting .
 I wanted to replace a tricycle , because our son was wheeling downhill too fast for me and I wanted him on a more stable , less likely to tip over three wheeler . Now four and at 42 '' tall , he is just big enough to pedal it . He has a bit of a problem going up our slight hills , but I think that will improve as he gets taller . The adjustable seat works well , and overall is well made and easy to assemble . The flag makes him more visable , but I do not let him ride without me along side on my bike anyway . For me , it is the coolest looking Big Wheel out there . With two more adjustments left in the seat , there 's plenty of room for him to grow .
 My 2 sons needed the big wheel experience . For the education minded parents , they needed the thrill of their heightened imagination as they learned the laws of physics . This toy is perfect in size-1 child is 6y , 46.5 inches and has his seat placed in the last of the three settings with legs fully stretched . His feet arent trying to reach and yet he will still have plenty of room for more growth . I was nervous with the size since the box picture child is younger and the other brands build theirs more for nine year olds or the really tall kids . In stores , he never came close to reaching the others pedals . My 4y old is 44 inches and enjoys the seat at its second setting . He has his knees more bent and gets more leverage and control . The front tires softer red rubber adds the much appreciated extra traction that others neglect . The back are the typical smooth tires , not great for bigger inclines , perfect for big wheel spin outs . The first one took this mom with no power tools 40 minutes to assemble , the second one 20 minutes . Requires hammer , phillips screw driver and a cresent wrench or pliers . I think both is a plus for tightening . Simply achieved for ecstatic children .
 I bought this for my son 's 5th birthday and he loves it . I was a little hesitant due to the price versus some of the other `` big wheel '' bikes but I am so glad I decided on this one . It is very well made and sturdy . I like how easy it is to change the seat positions so my 7 year old daughter can ride it too . My son has mastered how to spin on this and he rides it everyday . I am happy that it has a safety flag on it too , these bikes are so low to the ground it helps cars see him and makes me feel that he is safer than the bikes without flags . I am extremely happy with this purchase and would recommend buying this bike .
 My 5 year old son received the Big Wheel for his 5th birthday . After returning it once for missing parts I finally got it assembled . He loved it when we gave it to him UNTIL he tried to ride it . My son only weighs 46 lbs and upon sitting on it for the FIRST time the forks holding the front wheel collapsed and the bike folded . It was unusable . This is not the `` Big Wheel '' of my childhood . They were indestructibe -LRB- I tried when I was his age -RRB- . I do n't know how they can use the Big Wheel name . This is a cheap Chinese piece of dung . Target was gracious enough to return it for a full refund.Now for the Radio Flyer . We bought this on Amazon for the same price the stores wanted , but with free shipping and no tax . Assembly was n't that bad , just follow the pictures -LRB- no words -RRB- . When my son rode it , he was like lightning !!! He loves it and rides it almost every day . He goes fast and turns to spin and laughs crazily . This bike is VERY stable and does not tip over , even at high speeds . It is very durable and actually has some METAL parts , I know , unheard of right?Buy the `` Radio Flyer '' if you are even thinking about this kind of toy . You wo n't regret spending the extra few bucks.ChuckSt . Louis , MO
 Excellent Quality and should give years of fun to my grandchild.However , he in not yet big enough for it . Other reviews said the minimum height to ride is 3 ' 2 '' . They seem to be right . My grandson is only 3 ' and ca n't really do what the toy is designed to do . He 's not frustrated as his dad tells him how much fun it will be when he grows a little more and he is anxious to eat more and grow fast.Advice
 My son is very hard on his Big Wheels . In fact , he has gone through 2 Big Wheels . Because he skids , or his sister stands on it behind the seat when he is driving -LRB- is n't that how you are supposed to ride it ?? -RRB- , he always flattens the Big Wheel tire and or it literally cracks.This Radio Flyer ` big wheel ' is much more stylish , much easier to put together , and feels/looks stronger . While he only got it one month ago , I do n't see the tell-tale flattening of the front wheel . All my kids love the flag -LRB- so much easier to spot him ! -RRB- and the ` real metal ' handle bars . He loves it !! Should 've bought this 2 Big Wheels ago .
 I bought two of these for my 3 and 5 year old boys . They race them down a small steep hill and around our cul-de-sac and into the driveway . The adjustable seat allowed me to fit one for each of them . They and their 7 year old friend agree that they look really cool too because the symbol has a flame that looks like Hotwheels . They all love the flag too . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because we have had issues with the flag pulling off or bending down because of the way its holder is screwed into the chassis . Not yet sure how many times we can re-screw the holder back in before it will be broken for good . The bike is built very solid and stable although I still make them wear their bike helmets when riding down the hill , but no tip overs yet .
 very well made and looks great kids just love it very sturdy would purchase one again and recommend this product .
 all better than what expected , I arrive all in perfect conditions , just the I gave that tapeworm that to arrive the things arrived
 My grandson really enjoyed his new big wheel . I was disappointed with the pricing , Walmart had the same item for $ 20 . Less
 My 3 yr old love to ride his new Big Wheel . It was easy to build in 10 to 15 min . Only negative is my kid loves to play with the flag which he already broke the support , it could have been designed stronger with lil ' monsters in mind : -RRB-
 My child got it for Xmas and it required assembly . It seems very strong and like it will outlast my kids .
 This is a great big wheel , solid construction and lots of fun . My 4 year old son has already figured out how to do spins . Love this !
 We gave this to our 4-yr-old grandson for Christmas 2008 . When he saw it , he jumped on it immediately & started flying around the house . The seat adjusted easily & that made it easy for he & his 2-yr-old sister to `` share '' the ride . She could ride it , too . Since Christmas , he has ridden it almost as much as the battery-operated vehicle he has ! I do n't think it rides very easily in the grass b/c of the plastic tires , but he has a blast with it on their driveway .
 I bought this after buying -LRB- and then returning -RRB- an Original Big Wheel . No comparison on a quality level . The Radio Flyer is very sturdy and well made . The Original Big Wheel front forks were bending under the weight of my FOUR YEAR OLD !! The Radio Flyer would hold me if I could fit on it . This is the third `` big wheel '' I have bought over the years and I think it will be the last.Fitting info
 We bought this for our son as a Christmas present because the similar items at the local stores were flimsy ! We are very happy with the quality of this product and its ability to stand up to a toddler .
 Plain and simple . There is no better `` Big Wheel '' on the market . The Chrome Handle Bars are a hoot . The flag helps with visibility . It met all of my expectations as my son discovered the joys of this trike . Everything I remember was faithfully reproduced for his play . Allow 30 minutes or so to assemble .
 This is clearly better quality and value than the Big Wheel . Just wish it had the hand break like the `` good ole days . '' A must-have for any little one : -RRB-
 My 4 year old absolutely loves this radio flyer `` big wheeler '' . I had to add a little pillow behind his back to slide him closer to the pedals -LRB- he 's a little small -RRB- , but it 's hysterical to watch him tear around the driveway and down the street . He does not tire of this either - it 's like he is equipped w batteries of his own on this exciting trike . It 'll grow with him in the years to come w great seat adjustments . I hope the tires put up with all the mileage he 's going to give them . I like the safety flag trailing behind him as well , esp since he is so low to the ground . Great gift !
 My 4 year old Loves his New Big Flyer that we got him for Xmas ! He is in the 95th percentile for his age and still needs to grow just a little more before he 's able to fully ride with his feet on the pedals . However he loves riding on it anyways . I would recommend this big wheel to any kid 4 and older !
 We love the classic syle of this big wheel and the fact that it wasnt plastered with cartoon characters like so many of todays toys . It was easy to assemble and was shipped fast .
 My 5 year old grandson loves his new big wheel . It is very durable with metal parts verses plastic that you find on some big wheels . He loved the flag on the back of the bike .
 Looked at the classic Big Wheel , but this toy is better in many ways . A wonderful upgrade from the classic toy .
 Surprisingly it was very difficult to find this product in any of the retail stores in my area . Luckily I went online and was able to get the product before Christmas . My son loved it very much . I finally got rid of the smaller version of this product because he grew out of it . I know that he will probably grow out of this before it wears out . Thanks for the fast delivery .
 I bought this big wheel as a Christmas gift for my nephew who is 4 years old . He absolutely loves it . It was the star of all of the Christmas gifts .
 Purchased this for my 4 year old for Christmas this year . My son loves it ... it was a big hit ! He is tall for his age , but he is able to reach the pedals with the seat in the closest position . He should be able to use it for several years to come with the 3 seat adjustments . It also looks great . My husband got it put together pretty easily ... not very stressful . Was shipped promptly . Great purchase .
 I bought this big wheel for my two boys , ages 31/2 & 61/2 . Although the product itself is great -LRB- although a bit pricey for what you get -RRB- , my younger son 's legs ca n't reach the pedals -LRB- he 's average to tall for his age -RRB- and my old son loves it , but he does n't want his friends to see him riding it , as it is n't quite cool enough anymore .
 While the toy seems to be durable , we have n't had it long enough to tell if it 's going to hold up to abuse from a three year old . Petals could be a little closer to reach also . All transactions were quick and easy .
 Purchased the Radio Flyer Big Flyer for my 4.5 year old son for Christmas , and he loves it !! Had someone put together for me , so ca n't attest to the ease , but few pieces so did n't look difficult . My son in average to tall for his age and the seat is in the first set of holes so plenty of room for growth . Was afraid at first because it looked tiny , but the extension of legs and upward position makes you have to put them closer than expected to the steering . He loves that he can go `` super fast '' unlike his bike which he needs to practice more and use more muscle strength . Looks really cute , and durable , and the flag is super cool , and a safety feature as I can see the flag if I lose sight of him behind a bush or something , and so can other cars . There is no braking , but low enough that they can stop quickly with feet or do the really cool spin around thing ... the older boys and men all stop to reminince about thier days of their own big wheels !
 i like the durable aspects of this as opposed to a regular big wheel , but as other reviewers noted , the pedals are too far for my 21/2 yr old son to reach , and he is almost 40 inches !
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and all I can say is `` AWESOME ! '' . It is well made like all the radio flyer stuff . Far sturdier and more durable than other big wheels out there . And it just looks amazing . I 'm fairly certain than when my son is my age he 'll remember this gift fondly and will take great pleasure buying a similar product for his kids .
 Bought this toy for my 5 year old , she rides it every chance she gets . My 7 year old also loves it . Great for active kids , well built , easy to assemble .
 I bought 2 of these for my 2 & 4 year hold grandson 's for Christmas . They went together very easily and seem very sturdy . The boys love them . The youngest ca n't reach the peddles , but it has n't stopped him from riding it all around the house and keeping up with his brother . Hope they last as long as the `` old '' Big Wheels did .
 This is a great toy and it is sturdy . I especially love the flag because we can see where our grandson is as he rides down the sidewalk.Radio Flyer Big Flyer
 After much research , we purchased this for my 31/2 year old . He 's a tall boy -LRB- looks at least 5 ! -RRB- so I wanted something he could grow with for awhile . His feet just reach to make the rotation when pedaling , and the seat is in the closest position . It has two more . He 'll be able to use this for a couple years . I 'm a big fan of the quality of toys produced by Radio Flyer - and this is no exception . Seems quite durable , with just enough zing to make it appealing without buying into the hype of the latest movie trend . We 're thrilled , and more importantly , my son loves his big wheel . He says so everyday : -RRB-
 We bought this for a 5 yr . old boy . He loves it and it is easy for him to use . I like how the front wheel is made with reinforced plastic . I remember when I was growing up , the front wheel on big wheels would always disintegrate within one season with normal use . I think this current big wheel will last much longer . Nicely built product !
 My granddaughter Sofie is 4 years old and I purchased this for her as her first Big Wheel broke . She loves it and rides it every evening while her mom and dad walk/jog . I had Amazon ship it directly to the city where they live and it it arrived in just a few days . Dad had to put it together but that was a breeze .
 Forty-three years ago my son had this type of three-wheeler and he loved it , spent countless hours riding it . When I saw this similar one , I knew I had to buy it for his daughter . What wonderful memories it brings back to see her riding the big wheel her father liked so much . The Radio Flyer makes a great product -- I recently received one of their `` toys '' for my 70th birthday -- a wagon for my garden work .
 My 5 year old grandson outgrew his big wheel and this is the perfect size for the next couple of years . It seems really durable and easily put together within 30 minutes . I would n't hesitate to order another one for my next grandchild . He loves the flag on the back and rides it all the time .
 THIS IS A VERY NICE TRYKE , IT REMINDS ME OF THE ONE ME AND MY BROTHER SHARED 40 YEARS AGO . I SHOULD HAVE PURCHASED TWO BECAUSE MY BOYS ARE FIGHTING OVER THIS ONE .
 It was purchased for our Grandsons to use when they visit . It was an immediate success . It is sturdily built and easy to assemble . Good for coordination development . Most of all it is just plain fun .
 My mom just purchased this for my four year old for his birthday . He 's already figured out how to go down the hill and spin out at the bottom ... as we all did on our big wheels . The front tire of our big wheel wore out quickly from regular use with our older son . This front tire has some additional hard plastic on it that provides reinforcement where it is needed the most . My son is a typically sized 4 year old and this will grow with him for a few years . I 'm really happy we found this product !
 My 4 year old son loves , loves , loves this big wheel !!! We got it for him for his 4th birthday -LRB- 6 mos ago -RRB- . Big wheels are kind of hard to find anymore . Of the few we found , this was by far the cheapest .
 Was looking for a `` big wheels '' from when our children were growing up to give to our grand children . Came across this `` Big Flyer '' at Amazon . Bought it , gave it to our grandson -LRB- 4 yrs . old -RRB- he absolutely loves it . Not quite like the `` Big Wheels '' of old but darn good.Would strongly recommend !
 After returning the `` Original Big Wheel '' , I was careful to read the reviews on this Big Wheel . I was not disappointed in the product at all . Very sturdy , easy to assemble and my grandson loves it ! Paying a little more was the right decision .
 This is a great Big Wheel . I ordered it early for my 21/2 year old Grandson for Christmas . Grandpa took it out of its box and checked it out . All is fine ! My Grandson will be so happy because it 's exactly what he wants .
 MY 4 YEAR OLD LOVES THIS HE GOT IT FOR HIS BIRTHDAY AND THINKS ITS THE GREATEST RIDE IN TOWN LOL GREAT PRESENT .
 I bought two of these for my grandsons , they are 4 and 6 . They love them ! These big wheels are awesome , and they seem to be of a sturdy quality . I was worried the 4 year old would n't be able to use it , but he was a natural ! I highly recommend these big wheels .
 My four year old son LOVES this !!! Much better quality than the ` Big Wheel ' version . The long flag pole allows cars to see the big wheel when not normally in view of the mirrors .
 Got this for my son 's 3rd birthday and he loves it ! He rides it all the time . It 's great quality . We had originally purchased the smaller , cheaper plastic version and returned it because it was cheap and put bruises on his back . We ended up buying this one and am so glad we did ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 When I discovered that I could no longer buy a `` real '' big wheel for my grandson , I was disappointed . My grandson is only six , but is 4 ' tall and around 90 lbs - there were really no options for him ! After looking at the choices available , I decided on the Radio Flyer . It arrived quickly , and was easy to assemble.He has been using it for about 6 weeks now , and it is his favorite riding toy . As many other reviews have mentioned , the flag bracket is worse than worthless - the screws were pulled out within minutes , and reattaching with the same screws was a waste of time . I did a relatively simple fix and it has stood up to abuse so far . I took off the flag bracket and drilled out the holes in the bracket to accommodate # 8x3/4 '' screws , then reattached the bracket with the oversized screws and washers . I did not drill out the holes in the body - just the bracket . The oversized screws have enough bite in the body that they do n't pull out . The fix is not as attractive as the original mount , but it works . Now all they have to do is build one that will handle taller , heavier kids ... Overall , I am satisfied with the Big Flyer . It 's not as flashy as the original Big Wheels were , but it is holding up well , and that 's more than some other versions can say .
 The kids have a lot of fun on this . The only problem is the rubber part on the front wheel comes off sometimes .
 My 4 year old LOVES big wheels . We literally bought FOUR Origional Big Wheels from Target - each defective to the point that it was unable to be assembled or ridden . This led to several weeks of tears . We decided to purchase the Big Flyer from Radio Flyer , hoping that the increased cost would give us better quality . Sure enough , this assembled with ease and is much more durable . The parts are better quality . My son races happily around . Do n't bother with the cheaper Origional Big Wheel .
 I bought this product for my son on his 6th birthday . He loves it and plays with it frequently , which is the reason I bought it . However , I think it could be significantly improved with rubber wheels instead of plastic . I have a concrete carport and an asphault driveway . The plastic wheels just do n't hold up and wear out fast . You can get replacement wheels , but it is a pain to have to do this when rubber wheels would extend the life of the toy dramatically .
 We bought this bike for our 4 year old and he loves it !! It is very well made , fairly easy to assemble , and looks sporty ! It is very safe as our little speed demon flies around the neighborhood without tipping over ! We highly recommend this bike !
 I bought this for two rowdy boys ages 3 and 5 and they just love it !! The 5 year old just took off and rode it fast . The 3 year old took a few minutes to figure it out but when he did he loved it . He goes at a slower pace than his brother . This is an exellent toy as kids with super energy can ride a long time and then it wears them out for a nap . To be safe i go to a tennis court and they ride around safely . If they get off the court on the grass they find out it is not as easy to ride on grass so they get right back on the court . I also go to Basketball courts . Both bikes fit fine up front in my ford escort so it works out well . They absolutlely love these bikes !!!!!!! Five stars *****
 We have been looking for a big wheel for our son , he 's 5 and has Autism . We had been having a ton of trouble on a regular bicycle because of the breaks ... and the overall pressure needed to push ... but this Radio Flyer BigWheel has been a great help with our son 's overall occupational therapy ... he is now a happy `` pedaler '' and well on his way to a bigger bike . It 's adjustable seat made me very happy ... and it seems very durable ! Great BigWheel that helped us to bigger and better things !
 I bought this for my son , he has gone through 2 big wheels already . He keeps wearing the front plastic tire out . He rides this as often as he can , and it hold up really well . Good investment for kids , have not had any problems with the peddals coming off .
 We bought our daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- a Big Wheel for Christmas . It came with the seat back missing . Then , after riding for 10 minutes both peddles had come off . I returned it and bought the Radio Flyer big Flyer . She has been riding it hard ever since and we have had no problems . I 've never had a Radio Flyer product that I was n't happy with .
 Having previously purchased a `` Big Wheel '' , and disappointed in it 's quality , we were delighted to find the quality alternative in the Radio Flyer Big Flyer . The Big Flyer has a well engineered design that is considerably superior to the BW . Right away we appreciated the widely spaced pedal shafts so our 21/2 yo grandson ca n't get his feet wedged between the pedal and the wheel , which happened constantly on the BW . Secondly we appreciate the way the handle bars are engineered , in that they are easy to turn - not true on the Big Wheel . Finally , we like the sturdy feel and attention to detail - like plastic covers over exposed bolts etc. . Great stuff ! Our grandson would n't ride the BW , but calls the Radio Flyer his motorcycle and is very comfortable with it.note
 When I was five this is all I wanted for Christmas . I did n't care that I would n't be able to use it for 5 more months . My son was equally excited to receive it ... so much so , that he did not even hesitate to share with his sister as he could `` drive '' her around on it . Only thing missing is the emergency hand brake .
 Great product . We have already gone thru 2 Original Big Wheels in a year - my son is pretty hard on them.We 're hoping that the Radio Flyer holds up longer . The wheels look sturdier than the Big Wheel and it 's easy to put together.Overall , great value and my son rides it every day!Happy New Year !
 I bought this for my 4 year old for Christmas to match the Green Machine I bought for my older son . He loves it ! He calls it his red machine and loves to ride it down the hill in our driveway . We have only had it for a few days but it seems very sturdy as most Radio Flyer stuff tends to be . It is perfect for a child who is `` big '' but not ready for the Green Machine !
 I was looking for a `` Big Wheel '' for my grandson like the ones that my children rode in the 70 's . Of course , that company is not in business anymore , so this was as close as I could get to that . It is excellent quality , sharp looking and my grandson loves it . Brings back great memories !!
 I got this to replace a smaller big wheels and the best part is , my grandson loves it . A big plus is , I had no problems putting it together .
 Good transitional bike for child too big for tricycle but not able to balance on training wheels yet . Good quality . Adjustable seat is great . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000NVBEA6 Radio Flyer Big Flyer -RSB- On-time shipping too . Not difficult to put together .
 My daughter wanted a big wheel just like she had when she was a kid , for her 2 daughters . I searched pretty hard for one that was as durable as they used to be . well I found it , this `` big wheel '' is just like the old ones . I bought 2 , 1 for each of them . My daughter did say it was the hardest assembly she had ever done , and the youngest shes 21/2 ca n't reach the peddles , but still worth it.happy kids - happy grandma
 I bought this for my grandson and he loves it . It would have been better if the instructions were more clear -- words and pictures ; not just pictures .
 My 5 year old grandson 's mouth dropped when we gave him this Big Flyer and he has n't gotten off of it since . Everytime we stop by the house he tells us how much he loves it . I love that the seat is easily adjustable to fit his 7 year old brother and 3 year old sister . They all love it .
 My child is on his 2nd big wheel and this one is great . Easy to put together , durable , and so far showing no signs of wear .
 ... but our 2-year-old son is a little young for it . We wanted to get him a Big Wheel but heard that their quality has gone downhill , so we got this instead . Unfortunately , his feet do n't reach the petals . It seems sturdy , though .
 We wanted our grandson to have a bike like his dad had , so were pleased to find theRadio Flyer Big Flyer , which actually exceeds the standards of the classic Big Wheel . Costs more but extra quality and safety features are worth it . Assembly is easy . Important parts are made of metal , not plastic .
 my boy loves this bike . 3 months shy of four -LRB- tall for his age -RRB- . can ride it up hill pretty good , feels comfortable going fast down hill , he likes to take his feet off the pedals to slow down . -LRB- why i buy him cheap shoes -RRB- . his his little 17 month old sister loves sitting in it and pretending to ride it . all the neighborhood friends up to 10 year old love the bike , really a great bike . hopefully they do n't break or steal it .
 A great `` big wheel '' providing outdoor fun ! My son loves this and it can grow with him . He is 4 years old now and due to seat adjustment will be riding this for the next couple of years .
 My 5 year old grandson loves this Big Flyer . It has 3 positions for the back rest which is a wonderful feature . It can grow with him for a few years at least . A bit tricky to put together but well worth it .
 I like the flag on this thing because the kid flys on it and I can see where he is . Be careful . It can tip if the child turns too quickly and mine did and got hurt . I would say to make your child wear a helmet on cement or road surfaces if you have a wild one like I do .
 A very high quality and excellent bike with a low center of gravity . However , even with the adjustable seat in the full forward position , probably only for 4 year olds and up .
 Was lookin for the old style Big Wheel , saw this and ordered 2 of for grandsons birthdays 4 + 6 yrs old and was a GREAT choice ... LOVE them . . sturdy , bicycle type handlebars , safe and fun . Assembly not too bad . Seat back adjusts so fits a good range of childs size . . Order came quickly . Will definatly order for my other grandchildrens birthdays !!
 The Big Flyer appears to be very durable . The five year old driving this Big Flyer is tall for his age but fits nicely on the Big Flyer . He LOVES the flag . Thinks it makes it really cool . Mom loves the flag . He is easy to spot ! Amazon had the best price I could find for this item and it was delivered in speedy fashion .
 We got this for our son for his birthday . He loves it . I love the flag on it , because it 's the first thing I see when we 're in our backyard .
 My son loves this and rides it all the time . Very rugged and lots of fun .
 First I would like to say what great customer service we had with Amazon , when we received the Radio Flyer -LRB- next day delivery at no charge -RRB- , It was missing a part . . The return was the easiest process I ever encounter from talking to a very friendly customer service representative , to free shipping back to them with just a print from my computer . . and can you believe we got a new Radio Flyer in the next 2 days.Thank you for making this process so easy ! The only problem we had with this toys is the instruction sheet , no words just picture ?? We had the Hardest time building this toys , so be patient . . My son is 5 years old and just love is `` Big Flyer '' .
 putting this thng together was a nightmare for my husband , he even had to resort to a hammer ! warped but with hammer in hand it snapped into place . my son loves it !
 My son got this for his birthday from my mom and dad . He totally loves it . It 's his favorite `` bike '' to ride.We take it with us when we go to the park all the time . I love that it has the Flag on it so I can quickly find him in a crowd.Excellent toy for the price .
 Wondering - is there some magical difference between the Model 79S and the 79 ? I thought I got a great $ 66 deal on this by ordering from Amazon , yesterday and I just seen this on an end-cap at Walmart for $ 30 !!! Could they be the exact same Radio Flyer cycle ? CRAP !!
 This toy was gift for my grandson , Aiden , for his fifth birthday . The Radio Flyer Big Flyer is very similar to the Big Wheel tricycles that my four sons used when they were youngsters . Aiden has really enjoyed riding his new tricycle and is amazed how much fun it is to ride .
 I bought this bike for my 3 year old grandson , Nate . It 's a pretty neat little big wheel , and it seems pretty durable . My grandson was just barely reaching the peddles . But we figure by spring he will reach the peddles just fine . My grandson , Nate , really likes it ! And I guess that the best part is that I found the very best price with free shipping on Amazon . Based on other prices I saw , I saved $ 30-50 bucks . That 's one of the things I really like about Amazon . You seem to find the best prices here . I use this website more than any for shopping . Thanks very much ! Happy New Year ! Ruth Siminski
 es un gran juguete , lo usa mi hijo para las caminatas y juegos con sus amigos y primos . se armo muy rapido y es seguro
 Fu&eacute; buena la compra , en El Tiempo de lo esperado , me gusto el Producto , doy fe de la compra . producto de excelente calidad ,
 Length :
 After reading the reviews I purchased this toy for my son before Christmas directly from Amazon . I managed to get a great deal with my prime account for $ 62 shipped . I would not have bought this for the current price of $ 75 plus $ 12 shipping . It arrived on-time and was easy to assemble from the instructions provided . I have only two complaints ; the age group should be 5 + , my son is a Tall 4 year old -LRB- approx 39 '' -RRB- and can barely touch the pedals with the seat moved forward . He can get it going but has to point his toes , so it is not as comfortable to ride as I he would like . The flag did fall off soon after riding it , from lack of engineering . The tiny screws pull out of the plastic easily , causing the flag to fall over . It is really not a big deal , but the company should either make the flag lighter or the screws wider . I am going to gorilla glue it and call it good , not really a problem . The tires seems to grab and he can get it cruising . All the parts operate smoothly and looks like it will hold up to some serious abuse . I really like that handle bars are metal as that is the part that takes the most abuse . It looks really cool when he is riding around , so my hats off to the designers . I would recommend this product to my friends .
 Very sturdy and well built Big Wheel . My Grandson loves it and i do believe that it is one that will last a long time . It is not the shaky plastic stuff , it is mostly metal .
 I GOT THIS BIKE FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER AND I WAS SUPRISED HOW MUCH ROOM THEIR IS TO GROW SHE IS VERY BIG FOR HER AGE SHES THE SIZE OF A FIVE YEAR OLD AND I HAD TO ADJUST THE SEAT TO THE FRONT AND ALSO ITS VERY FAST .
 Great product as I knew it would be . I ordered two , and the kids LOVE them !!! Shipping was very quick .
 I thought my kid was going to use it more but he 's hesitant because of the uncomfortable seat position , I guess he 'll get used to it
 We bought this for our son 's 4th bday . He had destroyed his older plastic Big Wheel by repeatedly stripping the screws near the handle bars so they kept lifting off . Unfortunately he did the same with this new one - the handle bar was off within two weeks , but we bought new screws and it is holding up now . In general it is solid and strong and a great bike . It would fit an older 3 year old and 4 year olds on the smallest size . Room to grow . The flag is fun for the little ones -LRB- although we have stripped a screw in that also ! I think my guy is just a little too rough ! -RRB- . He loves the bike .
 This Big Flyer -LRB- Big Wheel -RRB- is AWESOME , AWESOME , AWESOME . . We have a large screened in patio with lots of concrete for the kids to run around on . This worked out great . My son has gotten the hang of drifting -LRB- Sliding the Big Flyer -RRB- that he loves to get me to see him . I really wish could get on it and do it myself . It 's a great toy . My kids range from 3 to 5 . They both do great on it .
 Great alternative to a Big Wheel . Sturdier to be sure . Only problem was difficult assembly
 We bought this for our 2 year old son and he LOVES it ! The only issue we have with it is that he 's a little too small too reach the pedals , even on the closest setting . We had to buy blocks for the pedals so that he could actually use it .
 Purchased these for my twin girls 5th Birthday , they love them . So far they are holding up . Even though it does n't have the brake we had as kids you can still do spins and mini wipe outs . The flag is a great feature . Overall this was a very good purchase .
 We purchased this for my son 's 5th birthday . He absolutely loves this big wheel . After only 3 days of use the pedal broke and needless to say he was very upset but I came inside and called radio flyer and they told me to fill out the online replacement part form and it would be replaced free of charge . They are a company of their word , the part went out the next day and is now on it 's way here . I would recommend this big wheel and Radio Flyer , as their customer service was great !
 I am somewhat of an expert in Big Wheels , having put together several , and several different models . What I like most about this one is the wide rear wheelbase . My boys like to spin out at the end of a run down a hill , and other big wheels , including the original , tip over much , much easier . This one is , unless you hit a rock or a pothole , practically impossible to roll.Additionally , this one has an extra strip of plastic on the front wheel . This adds dramatically to durability and prolongs the emergence of the holes that occur from stopping and skidding.This is , in my opinion , the best designed and built version of a Big Wheel on the market .
 I bought this last spring for my then three-and-a-half year old daughter . While she is quite tall for her age , the pedals were juuuuuust out of reach whenever she turned the wheel . But she still had a blast!Forward to now - my daughter is now four , and can pedal just great on it . She is still on the shortest seat setting , and the bike has been an outdoor-only bike since we got it , but is showing no wear at all , minus the loss of one sticker . :-RRB- Every time the weather gets at all nice , she comes to me and says , `` Mommy , I 'd like to go ride my big wheel ! `` I bought this because of other reviews saying the bike was well made , durable , and because it was the only one I saw at the time that had the flag on it -LRB- which is plenty high to see from a car level - major plus in my book just in case ! -RRB- . So far , all of those positive reviews have held to be true.When I watch her ride this bike I remember my big wheel that I had when I was a kid , and how much I loved it -LRB- and how much use my sisters and I got out of our original 70 's Big Wheel , hehe -RRB- . I am anticipating just as much fun and excitement for my kids on this bike , and I think it 's going to easily last until they 're ready for two-wheeled bicycles .
 We wanted a great throwback to the 70 's bigwheel ... and we got it but only better ! My 4 year old son LOVES riding this around the neighborhood . I like it because I find this low to the ground big wheel safer than his two wheeled bike with training wheels . My husband said it was easy to put together too . Great purchase ... summer is going to be a blast this year with this thing !
 I sent this to my 3yr old nephew for Christmas and he went bonkers over it ! He has been driving it since he received it and his older brother now wants one of his own . My sister said the seat was great because as he grows the seat can be adjusted and she said it was very well made .
 My son loves it . It was very easy to assemble . I had asked the seller to rush for my son 's 4th birthday . He did and it arrived right on time . Thank you .
 My daughter is 40 '' tall and 70 pounds , but she still fits fine with a little room to spare . It holds her without a problem . We have tried a few other `` big wheels '' , but they were n't sturdy enough for her . This one is great . She loves it .
 My son received this toy for Christmas and it soon became his favorite set of wheels . He never wants to ride his bike now . He zooms all over the neighborhood . He is 5 and I can see he will ride it for at least another year .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old grand son and he loves it . Very easy to assemble , durable and a great price .
 This was a great toy . My nephew has had a lot of fun with it . He is six and has downs , he was a little afraid of his bike.B He goes to town on this toy . Great for any child .
 My son loves this toy so much - it was easy to put together , a great deal on price , and has a flag which makes me feel better when he rides it out in front of the house .
 Bought this for my four year old nephew he loves it even rides it in the basement during the winter time . The flag is awesome because when kids ride on the sidewalk the fear is always someone pulling out of the driveway without seeing them , the flag makes them visible . The seat grows with him and he can keep up with the bikes so its nice at the park as well . He does n't fall off because its low to the ground so he thinks its fun and we think is safe .
 Very nice toy , but some of the part are not so durable , my boy pull the flag in the back and broke the plastic base so it does n't fit any more .
 My grandson really loves this and rides everyday . It reminds me of my kids when they were young and rode their `` Big Wheels '' . So much fun and great exercise .
 My two boys -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- enjoy riding this toy . I bought it for them for last Christmas and it took about 20 minutes to put it together -LRB- very easy -RRB- . Since the seat is adjustable -LRB- the gray part where you lean back -RRB- , I adjust them for my boys . Overall a good solid toy and none to beat Radio Flyer style and quality .
 Love it !!!!! We have used it a lot . My son got this from Santa and ca n't tear it up . Extremely durable and low to the ground so no falling off . This was a great transition from toddler cycle to big boy bike . He 's still able to ride it now and will for several years to come . Great product !
 Came quickly , pretty easy to put together , mostly plastic parts , need a hammer and a screwdriver , directions are pictures only , no written directions . Havent used it a lot yet .
 I buy these kind of bikes because my daycare kids love them and there great excercise and it get them active and busy outside .
 Have not taken item out of box yet it is for my grandsons kindergard graduation so I cant write review yet
 My review is written while the big flyer is still in the box . It is a present for my Grandson , he will be 4 . My first purchase of a big wheel was not this particular one , it was not available at this time , so looking at the reviews , I decided to get this one . I am sure my Grandson will love it , it looks sturdy and hopefully will provide months of fun for my Grandson ... My oldest Grandson had the best time with his . I will buy each of my Grandchildren -LRB- 7 -RRB- a big wheel when they are 4 years of age , it is a great toy/bike !!!
 Bought this for my four year old grandson to ride in my driveway and he loves it . He 's getting better mileage than his 8 year old sister on the Big Wheel.The neighbors probably love the early morn races !! The flag on the back is a great safety factor for backing up vehicles or for when he parks it too close my mini-van . Love it so far .
 Durable and improved since as a little kid I used to have a Hot Wheels cycle that lasted well long ago . I found the cycle as well-built and reliable , except the flag holder in the back broke easily with two screws out of three screws holding the flag . Wish they should include a stronger holder that will hold up the flag well with strong resistance being knocked down by tall items overhead . My two sons love to ride it around and learning how to pedal faster over time , including adjustable seating . Well worth my investment and recommend it to anyone interested .
 I have 2 grandsons who have this toy . They love it . The `` just turned three '' year old can not reach the pedals yet , but he enjoys it anyway . The other grandchild saw this toy at his cousin 's house and just HAD to have it for his birthday . He just turned 4 and it is perfect for him .
 Santa gave both our boys -LRB- 3 & 6yrs -RRB- this for Christmas last year . It 's really great - lower to the ground that a tricycle and so safer , especially with the flag . They get used just about every morning . Our 3-yr old 's legs are just long enough to pedal -LRB- I will say he 's a bit tall for his age , so if your little guy/gal is slightly shorter that may be an issue -RRB- . However , the flags wo n't stay in the hole AND the wheels are losing their treads - and this began early . I do n't like this because I know the wheel will start coming apart one of these days . But overall , this was a great purchase at a great price . And an added bonus
 I love the Radio Flyer . The only problem we had is that we had to put it together ourselvesand we are n't the most technical people . It took a little time to figure it out , but our kids love it . It ` sso much fun to watch them ride . The flag is useless . We bought two Radio Flyers and bothflags broke within ten minutes . My friend had the same problem with her flags .
 She absolutely loved this . It was a little overwhelming at first when I opened the box seeing all the pieces , but it was relatively easy step-by-step directions . Even though this was a last minute purchase four days before Christmas we still received it the next day as promised .
 One of our daughters has a hilarious sense of humor . She is 21 years old , and asked for a big wheel for Christmas . We ordered the Radio Flyer Big Flyer , and it was even better than we expected . It was less expensive that the big wheels that we looked at in WalMart , and it was higher quality . Since then , our daughter and her friends have ridden it around the neighborhood and had so much fun with it . Talk about durable !
 We bought this for our five year old for Christmas . He loved it . I thought he might be too old but I was wrong . He will probably be able to ride it for another two years . He is able to go super fast and loves to `` skid out . '' He thinks the flag is super cool too . It 's a great looking bike at a great price . We thought about getting the one with the lever but I do n't think my son is ready for that . It was the perfect gift for our son .
 Love this product , in fact I bought two . The front tire/pedals are pretty tricky . . recommend watching the video that is on their website .
 Very easy to assemble . My son is a very tall 3 yr old and his legs are justLong enough to make the pedals go all theWay around . In a few months I expect to seeHim driving all over the driveway !
 THE RADIO FLYING BIG FLYER WAS JUST PERFECT FOR MY 4 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WHO IS LEARNING TO RIDE A TWO-WHEELER . IT REQUIRES NO LEARNING CURVE AND IS PURE FUN FOR HIM . IT DOES REQUIRE SOME ASSEMBLY , HOWEVER , BEWARE !! MY EXPERIENCE WITH MY OWN CHILDREN A GENERATION AGO WAS THAT THE BIG WHEELS SERVED THEM WELL WITH YEARS OF FUN UNTIL AGE 9 OR 10 . YOU WILL GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH !!
 This product is a hard to find product in store.Assembly is straight forward.Once in operation a heavy 3 year old -LRB- my weighs 40 lbs . -RRB- finds it difficult to go up a slight incline as the frontwheel is light weight plastic and spins as if he is on ice as the center of gravity is towards the rear , however on a level surface had no problems.The back seat rest has 3 adjustable setting which is changed by just pulling the rest outand re-inserting it into another set of distances.Radio Flyer Big FlyerTM
 Our 4 yr old twin grandsons absolutely love these , when we first got them they had a little trouble pedaling , -LRB- short legs -RRB- but once they got the hang of it nothing could stop them ! I really love the durability , they were also very easy to put together .
 My wife and I bought this Big Wheel for my then 3.5 year old son for Christmas 2011 . It has taken him a bit of time to grow into , but he loves it . The front wheel has an extra layer of plastic , making it more durable than the big wheel that I had , growing up in the 1970 's . At first I had to fashion a set of blocks from a 2x4 that I zip tied to the pedals so that he could reach them . This big wheel is really more appropreate for a child of around 4 years old . My son is in the 75th percential in height for kids his age , so he 's not short . We got rid of the pedal blocks about a month before his 4th birthday . The Radio Flyer Big Wheel has proven to be a durable , well made product that my son really enjoys . I think that it should last him until he moves on to a bicycle . I plan to get one of these for my daughter too , once she is ready .
 All my grandchildren have one now.They love them.Ages 31/2 to 61/2 Hope to have many fun years with them.My own children had them and they stilltalk about their races .
 I bought this for my granddaughter 's fifth birthday . It is very durable and she loves it . Great for developing gross motor skills !
 This big wheel is very sturdy and looks authentic . Very easy to put together . Highly recommended . My two year old is a little too short to reach the pedals but I am sure when he grows into it he will love it . Currently he sits on it all the time and motors around using his feet .
 It 's a beatiful toy ! My 4-year-old boy loved it . But i verified that it 's a little heavy for him.Another thing that has to be told
 This is a wonderful toy , but it could use better wheels . They dont get a lot of traction , but good for smooth asphalt . My daughter has loved it since the day she got it . Still rides it .
 good product - enhances balance and gives confidenceI have 8 younger grandchildren , 6 can and do ride this bikeI bought 2 this time so they can share
 I bought this Radio Flyer for my grandson 's 4th birthday . He Loves it.When his mother was his age she had a Big Wheel , but the ones outthere now are cheaply made and I did n't care for them . I was happy to findthis one was a quality product , so he could have the same fun experiencethat his mother had as a kid . I will buy it for my other grand children .
 My grandson who is 3 yrs . & 4 months loves to ride this trike . It took him 3 days to get the hand of it with his daddy out there with him . Everything about is awesome ! Great color , great durability & stability and he can grow with it . Best Radio Flyer toy so far !
 My son got this when he was four . I had to put a towel at first for him to reach the pedals , but he quickly was able to reach . He has loved it from the start , the big wheel really allows him to go fast . His friends and cousin purchased one also , they all have such a fun time racing around on these . They are made well , my son uses it every day -LRB- weather permitting -RRB- , and it is still in great condition . I looked around for a while for a big wheel , and on the advice of my sister -LRB- who really researches everything -RRB- purchased this as the wheels are durable and will withstand wear . Highly recommend , a must have for a active boy .
 Sturdy , fun , and my grandson loves it ! Takes hard use and provides hours of fun for a four year old .
 I just got this for my son 's second birthday and he absolutely loves it !! It just perfect for him and looks really cool while he rides it .
 I got this for my 3 year old son for his birthday he loves it . My daughter is seven and also injoys the radio flyer also .
 The quality of the Radio Flyer Big Wheel exceeded my expectations . We have purchased quality products from Radio Flyer in the past , and we were not disappointed with The Radio Flyer Big Wheel . While others looked like plastic , this has steel and chrome and quality built in . Our little two year old grandson will have to grow into it , but he loves it already . I 've done the comparison shopping to similar models , and this one was the best we found .
 My 4 year old absolutely loves this Christmas gift !! He calls it his big wheelie !! It was not too hard to put together . The directions were missing one step but we were able to figure it out on Christmas Eve !!
 I purchased this vehicle for my 4.25 yr old 52lb son hoping he would enjoy it . He has found riding a bike challenging , and I wanted something he could get good exercise while having fun . As a single mom , he and I assembled it together . Assembly was much easier than the Cozy Coup we put together 2 years ago . Assembly went great and he has thoroughly enjoyed it ! He can handle the vehicle with confidence and peddles well . It seems very durable and given his size , he will put durability to the test . After researching this product and the original Big Wheel , I opted for the Radio Flyer for quality purposes . It was more expensive and I 'm feeling even though we 've only had it 2 weeks that it was a great decision . I highly recommend it !
 I purchased this Big Flyer for my grandson and it arrived promptly . Also , it was fairly easy to assemble . The quality of the materials was very good and I was impressed that it was very well designed . My grandson is enjoying it immensely!I chose this over the `` Big Wheel '' ; while it was twice as expensive , the quality makes up for the price -LRB- I saw the other one at Target and it was made of very poor quality plastic -RRB- . Sometimes you do get what you pay for !
 Our 3 year old son is a rough and tumble little boy . We had originally purchased one of the fold-n-go trikes but it was constantly tipping over and he was getting hurt . We wanted something he could enjoy riding at top speed without falling off , as well as something of lasting quality . Boy has this big wheel ever delivered ! He loves it , as do even the `` big '' kids on our street ! We love that the seat is adjustable for when he gets bigger , or when a bigger kid wants a turn . It moves back very quickly and easily . I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking for a great ride for their kids that will grow with them and last . Awesome !
 My 4 year old loves riding around on this big wheel . He is average to small for his age and he no problems pedaling with the seat in the first position . I love that he can grow into it and get years of use out of it . The flag on the back makes me feel better b/c now he is more visible to cars in the neighborhood . Easy assembly and seems pretty durable . For the money , if they are going to ride it often , it is worth it . We 've only had it for a month , and have n't had problems with the wheels splitting or cracking .
 My 4yo 's favorite Christmas present , and he spent all of the day Christmas afternoon on it . We have only had it a couple of days so I ca n't comment -LRB- or complain -RRB- about the durability . He loves his `` motorcycle '' -- and with the adjustable seat , he has plenty of room to grow . If you are looking for a tricycle for a 2yo , this one probably is n't it -- it is certainly designed for a slightly older/taller child -- I 'd say that an older 3 up to a 7 year old would enjoy this the most . -LRB- My 9yo watches enviously as his little brother races up and down the driveway ! -RRB- We were looking for the more retro Big Wheel but could not locate one in stock -- this one matched our needs and price point , and we are thrilled with the product . -LRB- It does not have the `` brake '' I remember from the `` good old days '' , but I understand the new version of the Big Wheel does n't have that , either . -RRB-
 The toy is better then others of this type I have seen . I ca n't help comparing the same bike I got for my kids when they were little and this one I got for my Grandson . Why ca n't you make them bigger like they used to be ? Again , the quality is much better then most .
 My son has one of these his dad baught one for him over a year ago . He was to small then but now it 's perfect I forgot about the fun on these thing . lol . He is 3 yrs old he speeds this thing up and spins out doing 360 all the time . He loves to chase others on bikes and syke them out that he is gon na thit them and then bust a 360 at the last second . Big wheels are worth the money and they dont cost that much at all ... Get one of these bad boys your kids will spend hours on them and hang with their little buddies
 I purchased two different ` big wheels ' ; this one and a second brand . Within a month , the tread on the other bike wore out . The Radio Flyer bike still has its tread , even after a year . I recommend this item because the tread it an important consideration in the bike 's safety ; without tread , your child can not stop safely . I also appreciate that the flag height makes it easier for others to see my child on the bike . Enjoy !
 I bought this for my extra special son as he was not doing well on a bike . He was comfortable on his tricycle but much too big for it . This is a sporty , very nice looking toy . He can go fast and I do not have to worry about him falling off . It has been so nice to go to the bike trail at the park and actually get to walk and run with him riding along with me . The weight limit is listed at 65lbs . and he is 60lbs . It holds him very well . I have even taken the seat off and played `` scooter '' with it . It had no problem supporting my adult weight . The flag is a great feature that I really love . It makes riding so much safer . The only reason I am not giving this a 5 star , is after about 5 minutes of riding my son keeps saying the seat is hurting his back . We take it off and put it back on several times while riding . Without it on , he is overextending his knees when peddling since he can not reach the peddles properly . Overall it is a great toy . My son absolutely loves it .
 Nice marine type poly rope . . soft , flexible and heavy bolt-type snap . My business is horses , and I will be ordering more of these .
 Bought 4 of these and the colors did n't match each other . Not a big deal but we were hoping for a matched set of lead ropes and they are noticably differing shades of orange . Still they are functional and seem to be of decent quality .
 I have had many lead ropes over the years , but I really like the ruggedness of this one . It 's heavy duty and I prefer it over any others I 've used over 30 + yrs . of horse ownership .
 This lead was the perfect match colorwise to the halter , and it is super strong and very easy to grasp and hold on to . Made very well , really heavy duty , with a good hook . Hamiltons the best .
 I only used this one night so far and I 'm very happy with it . The headlight is actually what I like the most . Though I have to say that I happen to have a PR2 3W superbright -LRB- 180 lumens -RRB- bulb laying around . I had it as spare for a headlamp I modded . I bought it for $ 15 from superbrightleds.com . I 'm not sure if it is better than Planet Bike but with the mod it 's definitely really bright . I know it sounds ridiculous to pay more for a bulb than the Schwinn combo pack but you get what you pay for ... I ride mostly at night and on trails with no lighted areas . The rear red light works fine on the road to warn drivers that are behind . I guess the main complaint is about the headlight having poor lighting abilities ... with the standard bulb ... All in all the total comes to around $ 30 with the 3W LED bulb but you get a really bright headlight with 4 AA batteries which means it 'll last longer or about the same like the 2 AA Planet Bike ones that use 1/2 W bulbs .
 The tail light rocks . Very visible . Headlight I agree with the others it is n't that bright and eats batteries like candy . However I only use it when I need to ride home at night from work . Not really so I can see -LRB- I live in the city -RRB- but more so people see me . It is a good set but not if you are not in an area that is well lit .
 Very good quality . Easy to change the size . Uvex is a good brand . Reliable . For this price you wo n't find much better helmets -LRB- for what you want to use it ofcourse -RRB-
 This wire cable was perfect for my intended purpose , which was use for an antenna rotator . The quality was perfect for this use , and the mylar foil shield was an advantage for reducing noise to or from the cable . It has been up and running for months and is completely trouble free . Packaging and delivery were good , and the source was reliable . I would order again without hesitation .
 well made and finishing , high quality materials , easy to connect to the lure , robust and last long enough to take on to any fishing trip !
 I use these in my dance classes as markers , so the younger dancers will know exactly where their places are for their recital dances . The Poly Spots are are great !
 Very comfortable sling . Improved design , should last a lond time . Have used one guiding hunter in Alaska , and Texas , and just bought two new ones for my son and I.
 Very functional sling but really nothing special . Would buy again if given the chance as it is a well made sling .
 Some folks write negative reviews for these slings and it is for a very silly reason , make sure you know what you are buying before you buy it . This sling is a versitile quality sling . It does have some leather on the strap itself but not the whole sling . People who want an entirely leather sling look elsewhere . Plus use common sense , a price like this for a fully leather sling ??? I think not . Well built and multiple stitched for added support , all in all a very well made and rugged sling .
 Nice marine type poly rope . . soft , flexible and heavy bolt-type snap . My business is horses , and I will be ordering more of these .
 Bought 4 of these and the colors did n't match each other . Not a big deal but we were hoping for a matched set of lead ropes and they are noticably differing shades of orange . Still they are functional and seem to be of decent quality .
 I have had many lead ropes over the years , but I really like the ruggedness of this one . It 's heavy duty and I prefer it over any others I 've used over 30 + yrs . of horse ownership .
 This lead was the perfect match colorwise to the halter , and it is super strong and very easy to grasp and hold on to . Made very well , really heavy duty , with a good hook . Hamiltons the best .
 The item is just what I ordered and it came to me safely and in short time frame ! I am pleased with my service and my product !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I own a few guns , but this one has Da Power . It blasted right threw my 11/2 in thick target . It is acc . on about 70 % of my shots . It has more of the orange on its front then in the pic , and it can come off if pulled on . I say for the price , its worth it . Make your friends suffer with a round fired from this beast .
 Great kit . I bought one for my girlfriend , and later bought one for myself . The two-stone system is good for any knives that you want sharpened very well , and the oil is good .
 Nice marine type poly rope . . soft , flexible and heavy bolt-type snap . My business is horses , and I will be ordering more of these .
 Bought 4 of these and the colors did n't match each other . Not a big deal but we were hoping for a matched set of lead ropes and they are noticably differing shades of orange . Still they are functional and seem to be of decent quality .
 I have had many lead ropes over the years , but I really like the ruggedness of this one . It 's heavy duty and I prefer it over any others I 've used over 30 + yrs . of horse ownership .
 This lead was the perfect match colorwise to the halter , and it is super strong and very easy to grasp and hold on to . Made very well , really heavy duty , with a good hook . Hamiltons the best .
 I purchased these for my husband because he likes to photograph water fowl and he loves the binoculars . Shipping was timely and I am very pleased with the product . Good choice to purchase for yourself or a gift .
 Canon 12x36 Image Stabilization II Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & BatteriesI ordered these for wildlife viewing while on vacation this year . The image stabilization works exceptionally well . The stabilization allowed me to see wildlife at great distances . The only drawback was that these binoculars work so well that I had a hard time trying to get them back from my traveling companions . I am going to buy another pair of these for a gift and Amazon 's price is hard to beat .
 I 've researched IS binoculars for some time and finally took the plunge on these as a gift for my wife for Christmas . The IS features is great for bird watching . They 're compact , reasonably light weight and the optics are really good . Definitely worth the money .
 We 're Green Bay Packer season ticket holders , and had a pair of the 10x30 , and love them . I wanted a second set of binocs for the games and bumped up a little to the 12x36 . Love them too . The image stabilization is great - we are at the goal line on one side , and I can get a clear and stable view of what 's happening on the other end of the field .
 These are quite something . I gave them to my bird watching wife and she is very pleased . The Image Stabilization is almost like magic . She has n't had them long but so far they have performed well .
 Though I gulped at the total price -LRB- including shipping -RRB- they are so worth it ! When I am on the water these make it possible to actually see whales in the distance instead of just fighting the shake/bounce from the boat movement and the waves . The light is excellent and you can roll down the eye cups for glasses . Unless you are really shaky on land , image stabilizers -LRB- I do n't think -RRB- are necessary . But for being able to see when there is a lot of movement this binos are great .
 I purchased these binoculars for my husband about a month ago , as a gift . He is thrilled with them . The distance , clarity and stability is outstanding .
 We used our friends binoculars on a sailing trip in Maine and loved them . Had to have a pair when we returned home . Excellent quality and viewing .
 I bought the binoculars for the Olympics . They worked great . The image stabilization was a big help .
 This is our second pair -- exactly the same , but this pair were a better price . If one uses binoculars and has never tried the image stabilizing product , you 're really missing out . These are fantastic !!
 Being an avid birder , this pair of Binoculars is brilliant . The slight shake one has when viewing a bird , which is a distance away is totally eliminated.Went for the 12 x 36 due to the lighter weight compared to the 15 x 50 , and 18 x 50 models . Have been a Canon Camera fan for a number of years , am now a Canon Binocular fan as well !!!
 I already had a pair of the 10 power image stabilization binoculars that was about 10 years old . My wife is interested in birdwatching also . So we bought the new ones . They both function very well . The stabilization feature has gotten better in the last 10 years . When you look at the to binoculars side-by-side . There 's definitely a improvement in image quality in the new binoculars . Both of them function flawlessly . I 've had no problems with the original 10 power binoculars for 10 years.They were delivered on time and in good condition .
 Forget whatever you thought binoculars were all about . All you need to know is that , with the image stbilization feature activated with the simple push of a button , the image becomes completely still , no jitters , no shaking , just a clear , steady image . Watching birds is a real treat with these . Watching anything is a treat . Give yourself a break and just plunk down the money . You wo n't regret it .
 Simply stated , these are the best binocs I 've ever owned . They are simply amazing in their ability to control the shakes . The optics seem to be of the highest quality with no distortions or imperfections or false colorization . The stabilization technology is amazing ! I have a significant `` essential tremor '' which has limited my ability to use binocs . These binocs `` cure '' that condition ! To see things snap to stable and clear upon the click of a button is a wonder to behold !
 I 've had these for four years now , and they are the simply great . There is a slight color distortion , but less than I have seen even in other -LRB- high end -RRB- binoculars . The image stabilization ? Well it just works , and has continued to do so through four years of active use . The combination of 12x magnification and IIS is incredible , and enhances the usefulness of these binoculars a lot.The only downside I have found is that the individual focus on the right eyepiece is a bit hard to adjust .
 I have a full view of a boating and shipping lane area from my office , and these glasses have redefined the way I view various boating and fishing activities . Most attractions start at approximately 500 ' and extend to infinity . I can discern the type of vessel and activity up to an estimated 8 to 10 miles . The `` IS '' function is a definite must in this environment.I can recommend these binoculars without reservation .
 I like to view the mountains from 4 to 30 miles from my house and these are perfect for this . The IS works great , without it , I would need a tripod to see what I 'm seeing . Also great for moon viewing .
 Most of the reviews I see for IS binoculars are by and for plane spotters and other non-birders , so I wanted to add the wildlife viewing perspective to the mix.I have owned 2 different pairs of the 12x Cannon IS Binoculars , one pair of the 15x Cannon IS binos and I have tested the 10x42 L series -LRB- high-end , geared towards birders -RRB- . I will cross-post these comments for all three . For any of you birders out there trying to decide which is the right choice for you , here are my observations.First , general comments that apply to all three :1 -RRB- Image stabilization is great ! There is nothing not to love about it . Why all birders on earth do n't use these things is a mystery to me . For the money , I would prefer to spend an extra $ 200 on image stabilization vs spending an extra $ 1000 for a comparable improvement in optics quality .2 -RRB- These binoculars are heavy and bulky . The grip , the feel and the ease of use are different than those of `` normal '' high-end binoculars . The human factors of the engineering range from acceptable -LRB- 12x -RRB- to incomprehensibly bad -LRB- 10x -RRB- . I suspect that experienced birders may pick them up for the first time and not like them because they `` do n't feel right . '' Here 's my thought
 There are so many binoculars from which to choose , you know ? And I spent a LOT of time reviewing all the choices and price-points between $ 150 and $ 1000 . And when I learned about the stabilization feature , I was in more of a quandary ... It took about a year before I made my decision.One of my hobbies is bird watching . We live in an area of Texas that seems to see way more than our fair share of migratory birds . And depending on our winter weather , we also host many wintering birds . Our bird feeders , right outside my kitchen windows , serve hundreds of species . We add new sightings to our list weekly , and sometimes daily . All the geese , ducks , sandhill cranes and hawks pass overhead . Painted buntings -LRB- Mr. and Mrs. -RRB- , indigo buntings , hummers , orioles , wrens , finches , and more visit our feeders . Plus we are close enough to the shore to bird watch there regularly . We have binoculars that sit on our kitchen counter . And I wanted my own pair ... Here are the requirements I started with : -- I wanted a wide field of vision , because I wanted to be able to follow tiny birds flitting in the trees and big hawks and shore birds soaring . -- I wanted binos that I could hold easily -- not too large and not too small -LRB- I have long , slender fingers ; wear a L in ladies ' gloves -RRB- ; I wanted eye pieces that could come together close enough to fit my face -LRB- my eyes are closer together than my husband 's and I ca n't get his binos to close up enough -RRB- ; -- I also wanted all the moving pieces to adjust quickly and smoothly , but not be too touchy ; -- I wanted as lightweight as I could find , with the best optics I could rationally afford . -- I did n't want to feel too guilty about how much I paid ... These are all I could ask for ! The size -- even though listed in the stats on the product page -- are actually smaller than they appear in the picture . And the binos are nice and lightweight . The stabilizer feature is amazing .
 On a recent cruise , a pair of Canon Image Stabilized bionoculars was included among the amenities in our stateroom . We had never used this type of bionocular before and were amazed at the difference it made . As usual when we are looking for something more on the unique side , we always visit the Amazon website to investigate the different types of binoculars available , including user reviews . After studying the different types , prices and pros/cons of the various offerings , we selected the Canon 12x36 model . We could n't be happier with our selection . We are not `` birders '' , who seem to be the most likely to purchase image-stabilized binoculars , but we do enjoy bringing distant views closer to home , especially in the mountains or while on a cruise . These glasses offered the best optics vs price of all the options we considered . The Canon 12x36 model is sturdy without being either too large or heavy . The quality of the optics is exceptional and offers exactly the power and clarity we were looking for and expected from an optics company like Canon . You can spend more or less ; you can get more power or less ; you can get larger or smaller ; but we feel these glasses are an excellent choice for people such as us who just want a quality binocular with exceptional magnification and stability and are n't trying to identify whether that bird flying in the distance has the tell-tale blue dot on the underside of the left wing . Well done Canon . We highly recommend this product .
 I use these binoculars for stargazing as well as bird watching . They are wonderful ! The binocs have two shortcomings
 Canon has been always reliable for me with DSLRs and camcorders . No difference here - the image stability is wonderful and the clarity , magnification and width of view are great . Great for watching sports or wildlife .
 Light , easy to use , and a great addition to our navigation tools . They are a great value for the price .
 I paid $ 800 for this pair eight years ago . I LOVE THEM . These were significantly less money for the same terrific binoculars , an excellent value for the money .
 We ordered these stablizing binoculars for our trip to Nassau , Bahamas . My husband started each morning off by watching the ocean activity . He was able to see so much more with them . Why , he even could read the cruise ship insignas to determine which company they were . He says this is one of the best Christmas gifts I have ever given him .
 I do n't have much experience with optics like many reviewers here so my experience is based on SLR camera lenses and my Orion 10x42 Waterproof Monocular . I decided to upgrade as while the Orion provided decent zoom it was just useless hand-held because of shake and keeping one eye shut was uncomfortable . These binoculars are obviously substantially more expensive than my Orion monocular so there 's no point comparing the two but I 'm very happy with my new Canon glasses . I knew what to expect with the imagine stabilisation based on using Canon IS camera lenses , and it just makes the binoculars so much more useful and usable .
 Bought these for hunting the plains of Wyoming where you do a lot of back country driving and glassing . With these you can be moving and still have an image that is stable enough to identify an animal at tremendous distances . Love these canon IS binoculars .
 I bought these before a trip to Yellowstone and they were worth every cent . We had other binoculars with us but after using these no one wanted to use the others . Very clear , very stable , and very easy to use even for my 6 and 9 year old children . We will definitely be buying a 2nd pair before our next family trip .
 These are great for just about anything . The image stabilizer makes all the difference in counting horns and judging a shooter buck or not .
 Great binoculars . We live on a lake and are always checking out ships , birds , etc. . These were a lot of money but well worth the investment .
 These binoculars exceeded my expectations , they are powerful with great clarity of vision even in relatively low light conditions . They are comfortable to use and lighter than any quality binoculars that I have used.And then we have the image stabilisation - absolutely brilliant.If you are looking for quality and ease of use and do n't mind paying for it , go for a pair of these .
 Most people who buy these binoculars seems to use them for birding or nature watching . I specifically bought them to use as astronomical binoculars while my wife will do the bird watching with them . I chose the 12X36 over the more powerful 15x50 or the larger exit pupil of the 10x42 for a number of reasons . Certainly first off , the difference between $ 660 and $ 1200 to $ 1400 played a major role in my choice . For serious deep sky viewing you need larger apertures of 70mm to 100mm both of which I own . Second , the wider field of view and brighter image of the 12x36 makes the view of objects such as the Milky Way or North American nebula truly spectacular . Third even with image stabilized binoculars there reaches a point where the weight becomes a factor in hand held units such as the Canon ones.All this taken into account lead me to the 12x36 pair which I already cherish as one of my most valuble observing tools for astronomy . Just to reference , I have used the 15x50 a number of times both for terestial and astronomical targets and they certainly are very nice but I still prefer the lighter 12x36 which are only 3 power less in there ability to magnify .
 Canon 's 12x36 IS II Binoculars are well worth the investment . After lugging around an old 12x50 non-IS for 20 years , the Canon is lighter , brighter , better balanced and better contoured . The IS is impressive to say the least , and so easy a caveman could do it ! Lots of Pros for this one . The only Con are the lens dust caps , or more accurately the eyepiece dust caps . We managed to lose one of them in the first half hour on the trail . They do n't grip real well . Now when we use the binocs we carry them in their soft case at all times , leaving the caps behind in the truck so they do n't get lost . Best binocs I 've ever had , and I 've had quite a few over the years . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I love these binoculars . They are lightweight and have good magnification , a nice compromise . The optics are excellent and the stablization is rock hard . Very impressive . They arrived with a three year warranty , covers for the eye lenses , soft case and strap .
 We purchased a smaller version last year , and they were great . I got these for my husband , after buying a telescope that he finds cumbersom . We have a Canon camera with stabilized lens also , and could not take the pictures we have without the stabilizer on the longer lens.These are fantastic ! The strength is such that we could see the mountains on the edge of a full moon . The stabilization makes them incredibly versatile . They are much easier to use and more portable than our telescope , so they will be used much more . We go exploring in the southwest deserts , and these are great for viewing petroglyph sites . So far , I have had no problems whatsoever with them . The only problem is that my husband now wants the biggest strongest version . I may have to do that , but that just means I will get to keep these for myself . Fine with me !
 I use binox every day for birding and watching whales , weather , and coastal shipping from a house at 1000 ' overlooking the Pacific out to the Farallones , which we 've had since 1969 . I have been buying and using the best binox on the market for more than 60 years , and at the moment the best I have are both stabilized -- the Zeiss 20x60 and the Series I Canon -LRB- not the current Series II -RRB- 12x36 . I also have a dozen others including Nikon variable magnification and the current Swarovski 10x32 , generally classified as one of the alpha unstabilized binox ; and I can still hold these steady , as well as anyone I think ; it 's not age shakiness that gives the stabilized binox the edge , they 've always been much better for mobile distance viewing because they are SO MUCH STEADIER than any steady hold by humans -LRB- I use a Zeiss spotting scope on a tripod for comparison -RRB- . The Zeiss binox are a marvel -- no batteries needed -- but seriously heavy around the neck -LRB- fine if you 're set up with a tripod -RRB- , and more than a little pricy -LRB- after checking every vendor , they cost me about $ 5000 some years ago , though I believe less now -RRB- . I dropped them once , from 4 ' onto a hard road surface , which put them badly out of alignment ; sent them to Zeiss , who shipped them back to Germany , had them fixed , and returned with no charge ! Hard to get that kind of service!The bottom line is that the Canons are unbeatable for freehand usage ; not too heavy for field work even for someone in their 80s like me , not too hard on batteries , and a great image . -LSB- A little advice on batteries , more uptodate than the advice in any of the other reviews
 I bought my Canon binoculars based on all the positive reviews and my experience with it when I went to Yellowstone National Park -LRB- borrow from a park ranger -RRB- . There is nothing but `` wow '' , clear , before I press the IS button , it was like my old pair -LRB- without IS -RRB- . When I press that IS button , it is steady like a rock.Why then , only 4 stars ? First I ca n't put another half a star , I would . Second , I do n't like the fact that I have to hold the button to keep IS stay on . It should be ON/OFF , and if it is to prevent battery drain , it should stay on for 10/15/30 seconds . Some people complaint about the strap broke off the carrying bag . The one I received may not be very tough , it would take a lot of effort to yank that strap off , so I do n't know what are their issues.I would recommen this to a friend/relative .
 These things are simply amazing . Things are bright and sharp without stabilization , but turn it on and over about a second or two it settles in and ... wow ! . You can read small type on a distant sign that you just would not have been able to make out otherwise . It would have been sharp , but too shaky to read . Details on wildlife are totally distinct , it 's almost like the binocs are on a tripod . It really is astounding , everyone that tries them is knocked out.A couple other points
 Though a little larger than is sometimes convenient , the quality of the image makes these binoculars worth carrying.The stabilazation makes all the difference in the world - would n't be without it .
 My dad is in his late sixties and he and my mother live in Florida with a large backyard that borders on a large pond with a small island . They have a regular series of visitors throughout the year ; an alligator who lays eggs on the island every year , some otters who spend time each spring and of course Herons , Anhingas , Ibis , Ducks and a host of other water birds from time to time.He has become quite the birdwatching enthusiast as a result of all this and he had been using a pair of 1970 's era Sears binoculars . I surprised him with these at Christmas and I do n't think he fully understood what they were . He just thanked me for the new binoculars and set them aside.Later , when we finally made it outside to do some viewing , I explained about the Image Stabilization and showed him how to use it . But trust me , it did n't take the Image Stabilization to `` Wow '' him -LRB- or me ! The optics of these binoculars are astonishing to begin with , even without using the IS . The are just amazing to look through , and then on top of that , you press the IS button and all the shake goes away . It is truly incredible.As you can imagine , he has been thrilled with the binoculars and uses them regularly . With his age , his eyes are n't what they used to be and his grip is n't as steady as it once was - but he does n't miss a thing with these binoculars . They are n't cheap , but if you have the money to spend these are amazing binoculars . Highly recommended and no regrets at all with these !
 These binocs are n't cheap , but they are well worth the price . I love the image stab . feature . They work equally well for bird watching and star gazing !
 Excellent product with good dollar value . Excels in magnification , lens quality , solid construction , light gathering qualities and minimal weight results in easy portability and use . Image stabilizer feature works flawlessly and has highly acceptable use longevity when powered by lithium batteries .
 Simply put , this is as good as it gets when you want a binocular for all around use . A lightweight , easy to carry 12x binoc for birding , sporting events , long distance or astronomical viewing . When these binocs start to shake , you simply press the IS button and viewing steadies up nicely . To be able to use a 12x mag . without any shake makes viewing so much more enjoyable than with an 8x-10x binoc . The clarity and brightness are very good , but might not be quite on par with some other binocs that are in this price range . This aside , it 's the view stabilization ability that makes these an outstanding pair of binoculars .
 I ordered these binoculars for a trip to Antarctica because we were going to be on a cruise ship and zodiacs so the image stabilization was a desired feature . They were even better than I expected . They are light weight so easy to have around your neck , the fold-back cups on the lenses were great for my husband , who wears glasses , and the image stabilization was magic ! The image held steady even in the bumpy conditions we had in the Drake 's passage , which made them perfect for bird and wildlife watching .
 I read the reviews before purchasing . These binoculars live up to the positive comments . The stabilization feature is phenomenal . The lack of lens caps as mentioned by some others is not an issue for me . I found caps a nuisance on past binoculars and I did n't use them . I 've never had a problem . Bought this product through Amazon . They arrived in three days . I recommend this product highly .
 It really works . Great image . amazingly wide and clear view . Looks even brighter than real life.But the magic begins when you push the IS button ; You will undestand the fun and the NECESSITY of it.Even if you rapidly shake on purpose your hands , the imagine remains stable , fixed on the image . It 's amazing !!! Great to any type of shows , theaters , plays , or just an outside or throuogh the windows view.The ONLY absence = an annoying one - is that you have to be pressing the IS button for this feature to work . There is no `` on '' fixed position ; I checked the factory , and they only do this `` on ' feature on the 10x35 binocular . Mine , the 12:36 , and the rest of the line , you have to be pressing it otherwise you get a nice normal binocular.I 'm getting used to be pressing it . It 's even very fun to feel the difference.and it REALLY makes that difference . I could see small details thorough my window to te beach , that I never saw before . Like very small letters on the name of the street , where they explain the history of the person that has his name on it . I never even NOTICED that explanation was there ! Only when you fix the shaking you can see such details.And it 's a great relief to your eyes.I would not buy the smaller ones ... the bigger the aproximation , the bigger the necesity of such IS ; Start form 12x , and goes as your pocket and your use will do -LRB- do n't buy a very bit 18 if you just want to go to the theather , unlesse you intend to stay always at the last row ; The best would be one of those with a ZOOM , a fixable IS and some kind of cap.I enphatically recomend this binocular.Will show off A LOT!Bye the way , another great feature is using normal AA batteries
 These are good field glasses ; then when you are focused , and push the stabilizing button - they become great ! It takes maybe a second and a half , and the object in focus becomes yours . It 's like you own it . Steady , hand held and no shaking or blur - at 12 times magnification ! Quite extraordinary . If you ca n't afford them , hope that your children can buy them for you as a gift . I 'm blessed , mine did and birding just got way better .
 If you feel the need to spoil yourself once in a while ; get the 12x36 model instead of the 10x30 . They are more than one could ask for . If one is purchasing exceptional binoculars , why not purchase really exceptional binoculars?After all , if it 's the money , one should be buying binoculars at Big Lots.These glasses are amazing and everyone I have shown them to agrees.Nothing being perfect
 I 've had these 12x36 binoculars for 5 years and I 've used them regularly without any problems at all . I 've changed the batteries once . no complaints , only praise for this product .
 These are really great binoculars for birding . The images are bright and sharp . My only suggestion for improvement would be for Canon to include lens caps for the lenses ; caps are included for the eyepieces .
 We received this product safely and it is original pakage . We have not use it yet , could not give you more commen now .
 Excellent binoculars for wildlife viewing . Image stabilization works amazing for dialing in on far away objects without having to use a tripod or bipod.Compared -LRB- am and pm -RRB- side by side with another high-end pair of standard binoculars and could not tell the difference in overall brightness of image between these 12x36 's and those 10x42 's . These Canon 's are exceptionally bright and clear.Definitely worth the price .
 I have an old Canon 8x32WP and love the optics . I recently took the plunge to get the 12x36 IS II for bird watching and astronomy . Both binculars are about the same weight and size , although the magnification powers are different -LRB- 8x vs 12x -RRB- . The 12x is a tad lighter , actually . The adjectives listed in the title are fitting for the 12x36 IS II . It 's noticeably brighter than the Canon 8x32wp . The 12x36 IS II costs a lot of money but it 's worth it , in my opinion . Still loving it after a year of ownership !
 Bought these ahead of a trip to South America - Galapagos Islands , Macchu Picchu , etc. . I admit I was skeptical about image stabilization . The first time I pushed the button , however , was an Oh My ! moment . Performance is flawless . They really made this trip extra special . Guides thought they were something magical.A good weight and size for traveling and light enough to hold to your eyes for extended periods -LRB- such as while watching blue-footed boobies dance or scanning the ruins atop Wayna Picchu -RRB- with plenty of magnification . They 're also great for star-gazing .
 After personally using a camera -LRB- I do more of the photographing -RRB- with an image stabilized lens , I knew my wife would definitely want the same capability in her binoculars ... I was proven right . She loved them . The ease of use , the improved usefulness of a higher power in a hand-held magnifying unit because of stabilization , the excellent light gathering capabilities of this unit in dim light , had my son and his wife clamoring for a chance to share them as well on a recent trip to the cloud forests of Costa Rica . This pair has already been used 4 times as much as other binoculars we 've had and still have that do n't have stabilizaton . The slight extra weight and size are well worth it .
 The Canon 12x36 Image Stabilizationn II binoculars exceeded my rather lofty expectations . I love hunting , scenery , and wildlife viewing , and with these binoculars , it 's like a whole new world has opened up . I chose the higher zoom -LRB- 12 power -RRB- to make the Image Stabilization -LRB- IS -RRB- worthwhile , and it is . The high zoom brings everything right in and the IS lets you see it and enjoy it like nothing I 've experienced before . The optics are clear and sharp , the focus smooth and fast , and the view breathtaking . From watching a chickadee scrape the inside of sunflower seed -LRB- every feather in brilliant detail -RRB- to magnifying the speck of a distant sailboat on the horizon -LRB- enough to see them struggling with a billowing sail in the wind -RRB- to seeing the moons of Jupiter for the first time , the IS held the view steady to enjoy these amazing scenes . The binoculars are light and compact enough to take on long hikes and and the battery life has been more than satisfactory . And , the Amazon.com price made spending major change for these binoculars a good deal , and given their performance , a great value . I love them !!
 These binoculars are by far the most superior I have ever looked thru . My brother the hunter purchased sawarski 's some years back 10 power , they have very good optics -LRB- like mine -RRB- but they do n't have the magic button !!! It 's with this that the magic starts ! Everything comes into prespective , as if you are standing there five feet away . The clarity of these canon 's are the best for the money I paid , nobody could beat amazon 's price ! I have 7x25 wide angle , 10x50 's , which I do n't always use because of the shake at high power . Yes I know you have to take very good care of them and they use batteries , but I do the same with my other binoculars , as with my digtal camera . I strongly recommend these 12x36 for their weight , power , but most of all Image Stabilization . I took them to the 2008 sony open and was looking at the scorecard carrier 's walking on other fairway 's and relaying the info to my wife and friend -LRB- who 's name , what their score was -RRB- following the ball was alot easier ! It is great to look at stars at night , or the landscape during the day . I can hardly wait to get with my brother and compare !!!!
 Two years ago when I purchased a pair of the 10x30IS binocsCanon 10x30 Image Stabilization Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & Batteriesfor my wife , this particular model was not available ; the next size up -LRB- 15x50IS -RRB- were significantly larger and heavier . The 12x36 's are an excellent alternative to the outstanding 10x30 's . They are virtually the same size and weight yet provide a noticeably larger image than the 10x30 's . The stablization is equally superb and worth the money . The only problem is that my wife gave me the 10x30 's and adopted the new 12x36 's for herself !
 Canon 12x36 Image Stabilization II Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & BatteriesGreat binoculars . The clarity and easy stabilizing make it very enjoyable . Light enough to be able to use for a decent amount of time . I 've been using a 7x30 Bushnell which is fine but the Canon gives me greater magnification and light . Fine optics and design .
 Fantastic quality , clarity , weight , and easy of use . Hands down the most impressive binoculars I have own . Fact the further you see the more vibration you see . Its a must in most lenses , I am a photographer , and I used my lenses more then binocular because of the image stabilization system . It has been too hard to carry both , but with this featherweights I can carry a good distance binocular with an IS system that is awesome .
 As an experienced brider -LRB- bird watcher to some -RRB- I 've owned some of the world 's greastest optics , the type of European `` alpha-glass '' that top tour leaders wear with pride.I bought the Canon 12x36 almost 2 years ago based mostly on my respect for the Canon L lenses with internal stabilization that I use on a regular basis for bird photography . All I can say is ... Wow ! . These light-weight , high powered lenses have become my favorites in the field for wildlife observation , especially when viewing wild birds.At first they took a little time to get used to . They really do n't have the feel of a top-of-the-line pair of binos -LRB- they are somewhat darker than most and setting the eye-peices for your own interocular distance is a little strange compared to the roof prism glasses that many of us have become accustomed to -RRB- , but they are what they are . These are not your daddy 's binoculars . However , if you are looking for state-of-the-art high tech optics , look no further.When a subject is focused you see the type of image shake that one would expect at 12x magnification . Then I depress that wonderful little button that activates the image stabilization feature . All of a sudden I feel as though I am now looking at the bird face to face , like I 'm just THREE FEET AWAY ! It 's as if I was studying the bird in a book . I can see details and field marks that others only wish that they could . It has helped me to make some really tough indentifications for my life-list that I might not have recorded otherwise.After being so pleased with the 12x I decided to buy the 18x50 's . I 've owned them both now for a while and I find that I take the 12x36 's out much more often that the larger , heavier 18x . I highly recommend the Canon 12x36 for serious nature -LRB- and or sports -RRB- observation .
 While attending an astronomy club 's night out , one of the members offered to show me a globular cluster using his image stabilized binoculars -LRB- brand unknown -RRB- . As I brought the portion of sky into focus , I pressed the button and -- WOW ! I could clearly see the cluster , not because it was highly magnified , but because my eyes had a chance to focus and process the image . Thoroughly impressed , I walked over to my wife and told her of the experience . A few weeks later , we had a pair of 12x36 Canons , and were counting the moons of Jupiter . My wife wanted her own pair so we would not have to readjust them when sharing . She complained about having to hold down the button all the time , something that I do n't mind doing as I have long fingers . She also wanted a pair that would focus closer.SOLUTIONS
 I have enjoyed looking through some of the finer binos out there and was really taken back by the quality of the Canon 12x36 IS II binos . They feel solid and well made . The controls are well placed and the cups feel good . The IS button is well placed and comfortable to use . I wish it had a lock-on feature so I could move my hands around . Battery life seems reasonable to me . The case lacks padding , but this is a minor issue.The size of the binos is a compromise between capability and size . They feel a little bulky , but this is expected with the IS feature . It is very easy to adapt to the feel of these binos and they balance well.They provide a sharp and crisp image and the IS feature is amazing . It does not compensate for the larger hand movements , but does stabilize all the minor shakes that come from hand holding a 12x bino . I was even able to use them when moving in a car . It took some practice , but after some practice reducing the larger bumps I could easily read license plates hundreds of yards down the road . This feature is well worth having . I find that 12x makes viewing nature all the more enjoyable . After all , the purpose of a bino is to magnify detail and a 12x bino does it better than a 8x bino . When you see a steady 12x image and compare this to a slightly sharper brighter image of a top of the line ` alpha ' bino , you might agree that the Canon IS with 12x makes more of a difference to your overall bino experience than the superior image of the higher end bino . To me it was not close.Some have complained about them being dark and while I agree that they do not match up with binos costing $ 1500 and more . It is really not an issue for me . The fact that you have a 12x magnification is going to make them a little darker and they are not 42mm glass but 36mm which again means a slightly darker image . The coating are not on pare with the ` alpha ' class binos , but for the vast majority of users this will not be an issue . Do not be misled these are bright binos for what they are and I find they work well in low light . They have a nice flat field and the details are sharp across the field.Would I buy them again ? Yes I would not hesitate to do so . This is a high quality bino with some trade offs , but overall for ~ $ 500 it is a great , if not exceptional , bino value . The ability to have a steady 12x is amazing and takes the bino experience to a new level . I wish Canon would have included integrated front caps and I would have liked to have this pair waterproofed , but then the cost would increase.Based on overall value I feel this bino deserves 5 stars .
 I have used a pair of Cannon 15x50 IS binoculars for about 2-3 years in my job doing environmental field work . Most of the work is performed surveying lake and river shorelines from a 14ft boat with an outboard motor running . We are on the road for about a month and a half during the summer with less intense work in the fall and spring . I have logged hundreds of hours per year with the 15x50 to my eyes . Although they do n't smooth out the large jolts of one foot waves or larger at 15-25 mph , it does take out the constant vibration and shake produced from the outboard in the small boat.We have just purchased the 12x36 IS II for a co-worker as he does more work on land than I and he needed something more portable . He loaned them to me to try out , and they are quite fine ... much lighter and easier to carry around . The stabilization is as good as the 15x50s . Just hold down the button and the image `` floats '' rather than shakes all over the place . I have n't tried them long enough to check out the battery life . The specs say they will last twice as long -LRB- 4 hours -RRB- as the 15x50s -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- . I go through about two or three sets of batteries per day with the 15x50s so their estimates are probably close as I probably have them engaged 6-8 hours per day . I highly recommend using Eneloop rechargable batteries , and have a set or two charged up for spares if you use the stabilization feature a lot.The one thing about the 15x50s that is much better is the ability to `` lock '' the stabilization for 5 minutes -LRB- automatically disengages after that time -RRB- with a single click of the button -LRB- or you can click and hold like the 12x32s -RRB- . Sometimes in a rough environment , it 's tough to keep your finger on the button all the time . With the 12x32s , you must constantly hold the button down when you want stabilization engaged . It 's not the most terrible thing in the world , but just not as convenient.Biggest complaint ... . where are the lens caps ? Even my cheap pair that I use in my kayak have lens caps ! But the 15x50s do n't come with objective lens caps either . What gives ? I am as careful with these as possible , but they are subject to some unforgiving condiions -LRB- still have n't dropped them , yet -RRB- . Lots of rain and rough water but still no problems with the 15x50s . I would n't expect less from the 12x32s although they are n't officially rated `` All Weather '' as are the 15x50s . Another thing that I noticed is that they do n't have a tripod mount . It would stand to reason that you would n't need one if you have the stabilization feature , but I could imagine that there would be times where a bird watcher might be set up where a tripod would be adventageous . In my line of work , it does n't make sense , but it is worth mentioning . The 15x50s are threaded for a mount.An additional note ... . a few years ago , I was using my 9x35 Leupolds and saw a plant that I needed to identify on the other side of a shallow weed infested stump field . The plant turned out not to be what I was trying to find , but I still had to shut off the engine , and push and pole the boat through some nasty stuff in hot weather before I could get close enough to make a positive ID . After I got the 15x50s , I was able to view the same plant from open water while my assistant kept driving the boat . I could easily ID the plant without breaking stride . No need to stop or get close . The difference was amazing.In summary , both the 12x36 and the 15x50 are worth the money in my book , and , if I did n't have the money , I would save my pennies or sell something to get it .
 I do a lot of bird watching and am at age 71 , where some unsteadiness in holding binoculars is present . I bought these 12 x 36 IS II binoculars to help offset that difficulty . Purchase , shipping and receival went very smoothly . I was taken back by the bulk of these glasses , but soon had them in good working order . Instructions were clear . Focusing is easily accomplished and the clarity is good , edge to edge . I did find that setting the spacing for the eyepieces was quite different from regular binoculars , but practice gradually improved my ease of doing that . You can not easily change the spacing while holding the binoculars up to your eyes , so be aware of that difference . Image Stabilisation takes effect about 1 second after activating the button and then , with a slight image shift , transitions into a rock solid image about one second later . Given these small differences , the binoculars perform very well and they are now my favorite choice for birding . Eyepiece relief is good , but as with other reviews , I too would have appreciated a simple cover for the objective lenses . I really appreciate the use of easily obtained and relatively inexpensive AA batteries ! Ruggedized coating is excellent.First rate product , also super for astronomy , but you might wish to consider the slightly smaller 10 X 30 IS II units to reduce weight/bulk .
 I just do not know what to say . I really checked this one out . A lot of money for Binoculars I thought . It better make a big difference . WOW . It DOES . You have to see it to believe it . The write ups are right . I am now saving for the bigger ones . VERY WORTH the price . And mine came with a 3 year canon warranty . Not the one year it says on Amazon .
 My previous binoculars , which were used while boating , were Canon IS 10x30 . I found them very useful in detecting markings on the waterways . However , they were lost and , after doing some research , I replaced them with the Canon IS 12x36 . In looking for buoys and other markings , I find the detail to be greater and objects can be seen from a greater distance . The image stabilization feature in both binoculars is a tremendous asset , particularly in a moving boat.Canon 12x36 Image Stabilization II Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & BatteriesThey are really superior and very lightweight . I would highly recommend them .
 I was thinking of geting the 10X version . It made more sense to have image stabilization with the 12X version and I could not afford the Nikon 14X . I was happy to find out that the Canon 12X36 IS II takes AA batteries rather than the expensive 3 Volt Lithium batteries used in the older model . Everyone that had a look throught the Canon 12X36 IS II binoculars was impresed with the image stabilization . No regrets .
 I purchased the Canon 12x36 IS II 's a year ago and they still work with the original batteries . At 23 oz they are not as heavy as my Canon 10x42L IS WP 's and can hang from my neck much longer without feeling heavy . They have a sharp 60 AFOV and are the only 12x binoculars I would want to take for birding or any other outdoor use . They are not waterproof so when I want a waterproof IS binocular I just grab my 10x42L IS WP 's .
 The Canon IS 12x36 binoculars take binocular viewing to a wholly different plane . Image improvement is similar to viewing HDTV vrs old analog TV . The optics of these binoculars are beautiful , multi-coated and distortion free . The instrument fits beautifully in my hands , with weight and balance perfect for observing . The focus knob is deft and sensitive and there is a small notch in the bottom of the barrels where my thumbs fit perfectly . And then , when the IS button is pressed , the image steadies and almost pulls your eyes into the scene . I have used these binoculars at a political rally , where from 100 yards away , I could clearly read the name tags on the chairs of the dignitaries . I have also used them for birding and wildlife . Birds in a distant tree jumped into focus with bright colors and crisp resolution . The same excellent results were seen with wild animals . Truly it is a treat to use this magnificent instrument.Addendum 8/14/09 . Jupiter is in spectacular opposition during this month , visible high in the Southern skies in the Northern hemisphere . The Canon IS 12x36 gave a jaw dropping view of this planet , showing a clear disc and 4 distinct moons . It was just superb pressing the IS button and watching Jupiter and the moons steady to an eye grabbing image just as Galileo must have seen 400 hundred years ago when he discovered Jupiter 's satellites .
 I love this knife . As a matter of fact , it 's the best , most practical pocket carry knife I 've ever had . It is the perfect size to carry and weighs nearly nothing . The blade is just the perfect length to do just about anything you need , unless of course you are Crocodile Dundee , or looking strictly for a hunting knife . The blade is high carbon steel and holds an edge for a long time . With it 's un-serrated edge it can be sharpened the entire length . I really do n't care for serrated blades unless it 's on a steak knife . While closed , the knife is just perfect for pocket carry without being bulky , heavy , or making your pockets bulge . I carry a lot of stuff with me at all times and I do n't need any extra weight or bulk in my pockets . The only drawback is that it is so lightweight that you might not notice when you have forgotten to put it back in your pocket . When I say lightweight I do n't mean flimsy . This thing is solid ! Once broken in , it 's a snap to open and close one -LRB- right -RRB- handed and locks into place securely . The finish is n't shiny or `` chrome '' , so it keeps up it 's appearance even if carried with other junk in your pocket . After years of carrying this knife , it still looks great and I still have people ask me to see it . I do n't leave home or even put my pants on in the morning without this knife . You could buy a more expensive knife . I do n't know what more you could get from spending more money since this knife does exactly what it 's supposed to do . I 've had some pretty expensive knives in my time and this one performs as well or better than any of them . It is small enough that it is n't considered a `` threat '' when opened in public , yet large enough to perform any normal daily task with ease.There is a huge craze over assisted open knives right now . Personally I prefer this Gerber Ripstop knife over those for several reasons . # 1
 This is the perfect knife if you are looking for one to carry on yourself at all times . It has a really sharp blade and fits well in your hand . It looks good and feels good too . You wo n't even know it 's in your pocket . My only issues with this knife are , this knife was designed for a righty , and I am a lefty and secondly , it 's a little stiff to open , but I have already noticed it lessening up since I 've owned it .
 THIS IS A KNIFE . I 'M SURE EVERYBODY 'S ALREADY HEARD - OR READ - THAT . BUT ANYWAY ... THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST BLADES YOU CAN BUY.THIS KNIFE 'S BLADE IS MADE OF HIGH-CARBON STEEL AND THE COUPLE WEEKS I 'VE HAD IT IT HAS NOT DULLED AT ALL -LRB- I HAVE USED IT A LOT , TOO -RRB- . THE KNIFE ITSELF IS 2 OUNCES AND THE BLADE IS 2.3 INCHES LONG . THE BLADE ITSELF COMES VERY SHARP AND UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE ABLE TO SHAVE THE HAIR OFF YOUR ARM YOU WO N'T NEED TO SHARPEN IT.IT IS N'T A SHINY BLADE , BUT WHO REALLY CARES?SUMMARY
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 My wife has been using ear plugs from Radians for a number of years because I snore at night . We buy them in bulk . She actually prefers the darker firmer foam ones but these are adequate even if a bit softer . They tend to fall out at night . Overall satisfied .
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 THESE WIRE - WOUND STEELON LEADERS WITH 45 POUND TEST ARE GREAT . I HAVE NOT LOST A FISH YET BECAUSE OF THESE LEADERS
 well made and finishing , high quality materials , easy to connect to the lure , robust and last long enough to take on to any fishing trip !
 I ordered this watch for my son last year . He needed a good work watch that would last . He is the foreman of a horse ranch and gives a watch a real beating . This Casio has worked very well for him . Several years ago I purchased this same watch . I had a nice stainless steel bracelet put on it , making it a very handsome and dressy watch . I wore that watch for almost nine years . . I also wore other Casios . These folks make excellent watches . If I remember correctly , I had to replace the battery about 4 times during that period . I could not have asked for a better watch . In fact I received lots of compliments about the watch . That steel bracelet made it look more expensive than it was.I would strongly suggest that Casio offer this watch with a steel bracelet . It would make an excellent timepiece an even better buy . If you are on the fence concerning this watch , order it . You will not regret your decision .
 I love this watch . It looks good without being flashy and you get the dependability and durability of a Casio . The only thing it is missing is a light .
 the watch is exactly the best quality that I had 15 years ago . great item . looks good , feels good just overall nice looking watch .
 This is the second watch of this model that I have purchased . I had the first one for several years , and it performed flawlessly . When the battery finally gave out the first time I sent it to Casio and they replaced the battery and made a repair to the band , which was a nice freebie , as I had not asked for this repair . Because it is a diver 's watch , the battery has to be replaced by Casio to maintain the integrity of the waterproof seals . When the second battery went dead , I just ordered a new one from Amazon since the internet price was much cheaper now than when I purchased the first one years ago . The watch is comfortable , and I like the combination of analog and digital timekeeping . Although and inexpensive watch , I like the look , and have actually seen it worn a couple of times by actors on TV .
 Quick note to potential buyers
 This is a good looking watch that works very well . It does n't all the features that I never use , so it is easy to operate and adjust . I travel some and the dual time feature makes it easy to keep track of time changes . I would rather have a matching metal band than the plactic one that came with the watch , but I have had it for a year and not gotten around to changing it .
 OK , it says Casio ; other than that , it exceeds Seiko , etc. . . An excellent watch for some who is in and out of water a lot .
 I already owned this watch when I bought the replacement.The crystal on the original is scratched but still after 15 years , the watch is excellent . I have never had a watch that has lasted that long .
 I would like to know why the clock in the picture is not the same as shown on the arm of the photos ? and what is the model of the picture where his hand ?
 Besides doing the set of exercises to gain strenght in the upper body , this board lets you exercise every finger , a must for climbing enthusiasts.The texture , the grips , the different finger depths , everything is really good in this board .110 % recommended . : - -RRB-
 These gloves are the best . They have unbelieable grip and durability . Top choice of gloves
 Yes , this is a small spatula , about the size of a spoon but it is very well built . It scrape well and hold up to the heat well . Ive had mine in very very hot oil in pans before and it doesnt even show the slightest signs of melting .
 MINI ! but great . I failed to look at the exact dimensions . This spatula is about as big as a plastic spoon . But it gets the job done and is perfect for backpacking when space and weight is so limited . I was n't thrilled about price -LRB- around $ 7 -RRB- but I 'm happy about the product all the same .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 I certainly concur with Vance Absher 's excellent review of the BodyCraft K2 home gym . This is one serious piece of weight equipment , built with commercial type quality.My machine is about 4 years old and was able to acquire it online including the leg press for about $ 2,600 , so the price has gone up a bit . I also assembled the product myself , and although it seemed at first to be a very daunting task , due to the tremendous amount of equipment , nuts , bolts , pulleys , etc. , I found , like Vance that the instructions were easy to understand and everything fit perfectly . I spent about 2 to 3 hours a day during the week and 7 hours on Saturday to finish the work . Believe me , if I could do it anyone who can turn a wrench can do it . It 's just time consuming for a novice!Like Vance , I too researched many machines before I made my decision on the K2 . It paid off because I have not one bit second guessed my choice . The outstanding quality is evident , everything has a heavy , solid , but smooth feel . You know you have quality when every piece fits perfectly like a jigsaw puzzle.The sheer number of excercises and ways to do many of the excercises is just outstanding . Being able to work the same muscles in different ways is a huge plus . An example would be using the movable arm to do bench presses and then going over to the fixed arm bench press to do the same exercise in a different way . The leg extension is the most comfortable leg extension I 've ever used anywhere , including health clubs . This machine will help most anyone reach their fitness goals in a very effective but comfortable way.I ca n't think of too many downsides , but here are two rather minor nuances
 Let me start by saying that this is an absolute first rate piece of equipment . I 'm the type of person who researches a purchase like this to death before actually making it , and I could find no manufacturer of exercise equipment out there with a better reputation than Bodycraft . And get this - when you call their 800 number a HUMAN BEING answers the phone ! To me , this is priceless.Also , I put my entire gym together all by myself . My wife did help with discarding the mountain of boxes and plastic packaging that accumulated , but refused to assist with the actual assembly because of her unfounded notion that I 'm too much of a perfectionist.Anyway , solo assembly does allow one an intimate familiarity with the unit . Not only was every piece there that was supposed to be there , everything actually fit just like it should . During the whole assembly process -LRB- and close examination of each individual part -RRB- , I could find NO instance where quality appeared to be compromised in any way.I mean - the manufacturer warranties every single piece of the thing for as long as you live , so do the math . And buy it while you 're young.So of all the gym 's Bodycraft makes , why did I choose the K2 ? In a word - SQUATS ! Everything I 've ever learned about fitness tells me that squats are the best single exercise you can do . And that 's one exercise that 's noticeably absent in most home gyms . Sure , you can do leg curls and extensions , and some even throw in a leg press . But nothing beats squats for total fitness - and this machine allows you to do them to total exhaustion , in total safety.And when you throw in the upper , lower , and mid level cable pulleys - plus the movable arms -LRB- an idea borrowed from Bowflex 's Revolution -RRB- , I 'd defy anyone to tell me an exercise you ca n't do on this gym.Okay , now that I 've got everything thinking I 'm probably a Bodycraft stockholder or something , I 'm going to try to pick this thing apart . So here 's some bad stuff.First of all , this thing is EXPENSIVE ! I know that you get what you pay for , blah blah blah - but $ 3400 is still a lot of cash to lay out for exercise stuff . That 's why you should buy it while you 're young so the warranty will be longer , and you 'll have more years over which to amortize the cost.Also , it comes in about a gillion boxes - none of which are even remotely light weight or easy to handle . -LRB- There 's a down side to buying quality stuff - It weighs more . -RRB- It could be argued that anyone capable of muscling all these boxes into the assembly area is already in great shape , and probably does n't need the gym anyway.And if you have n't achieved all your fitness goals getting all the parts in your basement , do n't worry . By the time you get everything unpackaged and laid out in some sort of recognizable order , you will have.But alas , the actual assembly process is n't all that bad . The instructions are very concise and easy to follow , and having virtually every piece machined to perfection certainly helps.One word of caution though - leave all the nuts , bolts , washers , etc. that are in labeled bags IN THOSE BAGS ! The instructions will reference those parts based on those labels . If you take them out , you 'll have to measure each individual bolt to figure out whether or not it 's the one you 're looking for.Oh ... and do n't forget to drink lots of fluids.Once assembly is complete though , and you get a little feel for the K2 , you 'll realize that the lifetime warranty Bodycraft gives you probably is n't ever going to come into play . This is one well built gym!On a somewhat funny side-note , I had ordered Bowflex 's DVD a few weeks prior , and they called me about the time I 'd finished putting the K2 together to see if I was ready to order a new Bowflex . After explaining that I 'd bought a Bodycraft over the Bowflex - because I 'd never seen a Bowflex in a commercial gym , etc. , the lady thanked my politely and told me whenever I get ready to UPGRADE to a Bowflex , to give them a call.Folks , trust me on this one - If you own this gym , the word `` upgrade '' is n't even applicable . And if you 've endured the assembly process , you ai n't gon na be changing nothing for quite awhile!But after living with the K2 for about a month now , I have 3 gripes :1 . When you 're trying to `` guesstimate '' the weight you 're lifting on the bench press , I do n't think they made allowances for the actual weight of the bar assembly you 're lifting . For example , 100 lbs . of free weights is considerably lighter than 100 lbs . on the K2 .2 . I love the isolation of doing `` dumbbell presses '' on the cable arms , and find the little balls on the ends of the cables that rest against the pulley do n't float like they do on cheaper machines . These things seem to want to rake across my arms just north of the elbows causing annoying little bruises .3 . There 's a little feeder pulley on the end of each movable arm that does n't seem to be of the same quality of the other pulleys . Hence , when the cable contacts this pulley , it makes a slight noise it does n't otherwise make . I know that no one other than someone like me would probably even notice this , but it bothers me since it seems to be about the only flaw on an otherwise really well thought out machine.In summary , if you 're looking for a commercial quality gym for the home , you 've got about 10 ' X 12 ' of good solid floor space , and $ 3,400 to invest in your future health , I ca n't imagine investing it more wisely.And if you happen to live in the Cincinnati , OH area , check out Exercise & Leisure Co. . They 're a great bunch of guys , match whatever price you 'll find online , and they 'll deliver it AND even put it together for you if you do n't live too far away .
 I researched long & hard before committing to the K2 . I do n't regret this purchase at all . It has a fluidity to every movement that its competitors could not seem to match . It also is very sturdy and feels like it will last forever . The layout makes it very easy to use . I added a -LRB- non-Bodycraft -RRB- curling bench to the middle `` V '' , and with this addition the K2 covers every possible exercise . The weight is far more than I could ever lift . For most exercises I do n't exceed the first third of the stack . I do n't really see a downside to this machine . Well , maybe one
 Great saddle but only one size for the rider . Small rider can get lost in this 171/2 '' seat . Too small for larger rider . Medium rider would love it . Front leg block small and you need a secure seat on those downhill stretches of any ride as the front leg block wo n't add much stability . Fabric under stirrups show wear easily as it is already pilling after only 3 short rides on mine . Cair panels are great and the horse seemed to love it as he came in after a rough ride without any sore points on him . All in all great saddle for horse , just OK for the rider
 Great , useful little clips for around the house to hold anything small at a moment 's notice . We also installed some on our boat for various small items , such as flashlights with cable tie loops attached at one end and for hanging our cameras by the wrist straps -LRB- just make sure , if you 're hanging anything delicate like a camera , that there 's padding behind these hooks to prevent damage when the boat is being bounced around -RRB- .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 My favorite socks to work out in . Very thin and breathable , but they have held up great -LRB- no holes after a year of running -RRB-
 These arrived promptly but I was a little disappointed . I wanted crew socks ; could n't find any and settled for these . They 're VERY long , and tight at the top .
 These were quite comfortable . I ran a half marathon in them with no problems . My only complaint is that they were not as `` knee-high '' as I had hoped . I am 5 ' 4 '' and the mediums did not come up to my knee , but rather sat about an inch and a half below .
 Great quality , long lasting sock . My husband loves the bright colors and gets lots of compliments in the office
 I bought these chips last week . I ordered the set of 25 and was very pleased two days later when I recieved my order . Not only did the chips get to me before their scheduled ship date , I also recieved 2 extra chips and a deck of `` High Roller Casino '' playing cards . The chips are heavy and the logo is printed on to last . These are the perfect high value chips to add to my collection .
 I ordered the Marmot guide jacket to take the place of my old faithful down vest that was missing half it 's feathers . Yeah , I know it 's summer , but having a warm layer in the Northern Rockies ' cold summer nights is a necessary thing , besides you can always use it as a pillow when you 're backpacking.I was thrilled when I got this jacket . I had also ordered the Marmot Ama Dablam down coat , and another Mountain Hardware coat at the same time so I 'd have a choice , but I 'll be returning the other two . All were on sale , but the Guide jacket was the least expensive . Right away , I noticed how much thicker it seemed than the other two , and the green color was even prettier than in the web photo.It fits very well for being quite thick , and I can still get a rain layer on over it if the weather turns really bad . It seems to run true to size without being too bulky . I 'm 5 ' 8 , 135 pounds . The length was about right , and the sleeves fit , which is often a problem for me as my arms are on the long side . I do wish it had a hood , but that would add extra weight and bulk . It also has an inside pocket which the jacket is supposed to tuck into , but the jacket is a little large for it , and I felt I was on the verge of damaging the pocket by cramming the coat in it.I really felt I scored . I would expect to pay twice the price in the fall for such a warm , functional and attractive jacket .
 This flag was purchased for an event where it was to be paired with another flag from another school . The other flag , which I already owned and had purchased in person at the spirit shop , was very good quality and I wanted this one to be of equal quality so the pairing did n't look shoddy . Great quality . Bold colors .
 This flag is perfect . The flag is single sided and works great on the wall in the game room .
 This product certainly did the job . At about 1/3 of what I paid for a similar product at the vet 's office , it does the job better . The flies leave my dog 's ears alone even if I use the product every other day . The best part is that it is n't painful for my dog as other insect repellants have been .
 This product is probably the best available for repelling flies from dogs ... we live next to a cow pasture where regular flies and deer flies are plentiful ... after applying Flys Off the bugs do not land on my dog 's head , but they do still circle around the ears ... so it is an improvement ...
 When my Labrador retrievers began to have rough spots and open sores on their ears , I was alarmed and ignorant about fly strikes . Fortunately , a mobile vet who saw the same pattern of sores on several dogs ' ears , recognized fly strike and recommended a fly repellant . Flys-Off comes in a spray and an ointment . My dogs swim every day , so the ointment that does not wash off is perfect for them Flys-Off keeps biting flies off their ears , and the sores healed.I will keep buying this product forever .
 My dogs ears and nose gets ate up during the summer by flies . We bought this stuff from another website a few years ago and it works great and it actually lasts quite a while.Our St. Bernard 's nose is raw and bleeding if we do n't use this in the summer time . It has done wonders , his nose now stays intact . I seriously hated seeing his nose literally get ate by flies . CRAZY !
 This product is excellent as repellent for flies and also it heals the wounds the flies may have created on the dogs ' noses . Highly recommended.Flys-Off Mist Insect Repellent for Dogs , 6-Ounce
 Simply stated , if applied as directed every third or fourth day -LRB- absent rain or swimming -RRB- , it definitely seems to work .
 For years I did n't even realize that flies were eating my dog 's ears . They were so caked with congealed blood that it looked like sap from a tree or something . We finally discovered the cause and I ordered this product . As I was applying it the flies buzzing around his head immediately moved away . After only two days of using Flys-Off his ears were healing amazingly well .
 great product works really well I used a bunch of products on my dogs for flies it heals the wound also haven , t had anymore problems with flies .
 My dog was getting horse-fly bites on one of her ears . At first , I thought that the flies were just attracted to a dime-size open wound on her ear . I did some internet research and found that the flies actually CAUSED the wound . One application of this stuff and her ear was healed up within a few days . I put a few dabs on her now when I take her camping or to the woods.Worked excellent for this purpose.A little goes a long way . You wo n't need the big jar unless you have multiple animals or horses.I hope this review was helpful .
 I started using this when my dogs ' ears were getting bitten up . It seemed to work really well the first few days , and I noticed that it did immediately kill some gnats that were landing on their ears . It worked enough for the red sores to heal and scab up , which was n't happening before because the flies were striking so frequently . But after a few days I noticed my dogs were licking it off each other . Hard to say what effect that had , or if maybe enough of it was still lingering . Does n't have an unpleasant scent . I 've been using it in conjunction with a spray repellent on the dogs , the patio , and their doghouses , as well as disposable attractant traps , so it 's really impossible to say how this product would work solo . But I continue to use it and will probably invest in it in the future to make sure their ears and noses do n't get fly-struck again . Worth it for the dogs ' comfort and health :-RRB- .
 Fits everything I need and is very light . Has the divider which helps keep stuff exasperated . Highly recommend this Fuel Belt .
 I got this pouch to run a half marathon . It was very comfortable , high quality , and perfect size I was hoping it would be . The best part was I could take my camera with me thanks to this pouch and got some fantastic footage during the run which I otherwise would have missed .
 Lightweight , adjustable , basic , fair amount of room , decent price ... good product for what it is intended for . I would recommend it to others .
 This is a small pack but can carry a few items , cell phone , small packet of runners gel , keys . It stays put and is comfortable .
 I bought this belt for my husband . We run an average of 10-14 miles per week . As our runs are not that long -LRB- 4 to 6 miles -RRB- , this belt works fine , no bouncing at all ! My husband is able to carry keys , cellphone , and some cash ... but there 's still some room for gels , and other little items ... I just wish it were a bit bigger . But as I said , so far it 's working great ! I 'll probably be getting one more for myself .
 Very comfortable - easily fits wallet , iPhone , keys . Much nicer than those arm-band things .
 It 's slim/small , adjustable & fits comfortably -LRB- do n't even know it 's on -RRB- . Exactly what I was looking for to hold my phone & a few other items on my jog !
 I use this when running and am able to fit a 12oz . bottle , keys , gum and chap stick . Perfect size not too bulky .
 A couple of years ago when I was out running with my dogs I stepped into a hole that was 29 '' deep and cut my let to the bone ! I did n't have my phone with me to call anyone and it was really early in the morning . Any way my husband bugged me forever about carrying my phone after my accident , but I had no way to carry it UNTIL - I found this belt and I absolutely love it !!!! I put my i-phone in it and I have some wireless headphones so I can listen to Pandora or my ipod from my phone - and if something happens I can call someone . I can fit a house key , some bandaids and some cash and my phone - and that is about all it will hold . . It is a really comfortable belt , I do n't even notice it when I run . I got the one in pink , so my sons do n't decide they want to use it !!
 I actually bought this to use when training my horse -LRB- to keep treats in , a catch-rope , etc. -RRB- . It 's small - which I wanted . However , I 'm currently not a distance runner -LRB- I used to be , though ! -RRB- , and my waist has grown to 40 inches . The manufacturers appear to have assumed there are no chubby distance runners ; the strap will go about 36 '' max . My bad . Other than that , this is perfect for running - light & small , & it could hold an ID , keys , glasses , and those nasty tubes of hi-carb runner 's fuel .
 It truly hugs your body and is amazingly lightweight , yet secure . Has two zippered pockets and a backpack-style plastic buckle . I like to take it with me when I travel , and when running I can carry cash , my hotel room card , and still have room remaining . I was looking for something like this for a while before I found this , and it was well worth the wait .
 This belt is by far the best I 've seen . It 's got so much room , that I can fit my inhaler , an 8oz water bottle , a few GU gels , and my keys.It sits right in the small of your back and you hardly notice it 's there.I would recommend this to all runners , as it 's small , fits a lot of items , and still stylish .
 As a runner , I was looking for a waistpack that was sturdy , streamlined and comfortable to wear , yet roomy enough to fit a cell phone , house/car keys , lip balm and a credit card or cash . This pack is the right combination of both.I was looking for a waistpack that could fit both my house and car keys while they are still on the key ring and not have to have a separate set made just for running . This pack fits them nicely while still laying flat against the body . If this waistpack were any smaller I would have to remove my keys from the key ring in order to to fit them ... any larger and it would be too bulky for a 5 + mile run.I like the fact that even when it is filled , this pack fits very close to the body , it does not bounce or move around when I run and is barely noticable under a top . The waist pack is attached to the nylon straps by sturdy elastic flaps which make it very comfortable , even when worn right next to the body . The extra strap length is kept out of the way by elastic loops so that they do not hang loose.This waistpack could even be used for travel or on trips to the store when I do n't feel like taking a handbag . There is a separate interior velcro compartment and a small attached key hook , which is a nice feature.The reason I did not rate it 5 stars is because the front interior lining is rather thin and seems as though it could tear easily , especially when inserting and removing keys on a regular basis .
 I wore this belt for a half marathon and was able to carry all of my essentials with me
 This is a slim waistpack with a mesh backing . The waistpack easily has room for an iPhone , keys , wet wipes , and a few other items . There is an inner pocket perfect for storing cash/ID/keys . It conforms well to body with adjustable straps with an area to tuck the rest of the strap into.Would recommend !
 I was looking for a pack to wear in a 1/2 marathon to carry some power gels and it worked well -- I had only loaded it with 4 gels and a pack of Clif Shot blocks in it , but there was room for more - if packed full it could probably hold 8 or 9 gels.It was comfortable , stayed in the small of my back and I twisted it around to the side when I wanted to get a gel.It 's separated into two compartments , with a divider , which was perfect for stashing some cash and car keys in the divided compartment without worrying about losing them when retrieving a powergel .
 I purchased this so I could carry my phone with me when I run -LRB- it doubles as my GPS -RRB- . I have tried on other FuelBelt styles and other brands like Nathan , but this was the only one with a pouch big enough to fit my Droid 2 , my house key , a tube of chapstick , a couple tissues , my id and even some small plastic bags for cleaning up after the dog.After several months of use I bought two Fuel Belt Plus One 7 oz bottles to add on to it . They fit on there perfectly and now I have a pouch for my things and water on my runs . With the bottles on there I really have to wear it with the pouch behind me because of the placement of the bottles.It is a little goofy looking , I think the regular Fuel Belts that are more belt and less fanny pack look a little sportier . I look extra dorky because I have an hour glass figure so I can only wear this thing cinched tightly at my true waist . When I tried to wear it lower down near my hips it just rides up . But I think that 's because of my shape and not a fault of the product . I have about a 27 inch waist and I can get the bag to shorten up enough to fit tightly around it , although it is almost as tight as it can go . If you are a lot smaller than that this might not get as tight on you.Also , when I have the water bottles on it so high up on my waist I have to keep my arms and elbows slightly further away from my body so they do n't rub . Again I think this is because I have a small waist and ca n't wear it closer to my hips - not a fault of the product.I 've had this for about 7-8 months and use it 3-4 times a week and it 's held up very well . The only problem was with the velcro on the interior pocket that holds your id . It came unstitched from the back of the bag so the velcro does n't keep the interior pocket closed . Not a big deal because I do n't think anything will fall out with the big pouch zipped . There 's also a hook on the inside that I hook my key to . Makes me feel like my key is less likely to fall out if I unzip the pouch while I 'm running . I also love that there are pieces of elastic to hold the extra strap length and prevent it from hanging down.I picked a kiwi green one for added visibility at dusk . It has stayed pretty clean . It does have a nice reflective strip on the pouch too . I bought a Night Ize Led Clip on light and attach it to the zipper of the pouch for added visibility in the dark , especially inwinter . When I wore it in the winter with the light on it I had the pouch on the front of me so I would be visible to oncoming cars -LRB- and look like an even bigger dork ! -RRB- . I would love if it had more reflective material on the straps for visibility , but other than that , it 's pretty great !
 Highly recommend this product . You store your MP3 safely so you do n't pull out the cord by mistake . Going to buy another one to keep in my gym locker .
 Just enough for my wallet and keys . Zipper is well made . Nice soft backing does not rub and stays put .
 I decided to purchase this FuelBelt after reading the comments . I did read on one that you could fit an 8oz . bottle of water along with your phone etc. . I have an iPhone 4S which fits perfectly with other small things -LRB- Carmex etc -RRB- but I was not able to fit a small water in along with my phone . I wish that it was a tiny bit bigger and the water would fit . There is a clip on the side to hook a water bottle to that sticks out but I do not plan on using that as I would think it would bounce around too much . . so I just tuck the clip in so it does n't get in the way . . I am happy with the product overall and love the color .
 I used my fuel belt for my first half marathon . It fits comfortably , holds all my needed items , is not bulky . Love the color . I would recommend this product to others .
 Ok , let 's call it what it is
 Needed something to carry my phone which I also use for music and mapping my runs ... can not stand strapping anything to my arm !! This is perfect ! Like how it stretches and is small enough to not get in my way . I hardly know its there !! Love it !
 Got this belt to use at a marathon . Will be great to hold energy gels and salt tabs . Was comfortable to run with . Like it . Nice and reflective !
 Works great for long and intermediate runs . Took it for a 14 mile break in the day it arrived and it worked perfectly . Room for iPhone 5 , gels , and house key . Would recommend this product highly .
 I thought this would be really big , but it was perfect for my needs . I walk my dog and did n't want a huge fanny pack . This carries my things in a very form fitting way , almost completely flat .
 It is big enough for a cell phone and key , or cell phone and a pack of gum , and yet small enough that it lies pretty flat . Seems to be well made .
 This pack is compact and hugs the waist nicely . It holds my cell , ID , and 4 Gu gels nicely . Also great price !
 Excellent product & large enough to carry my Sprint Evo with the Seidio extended battery while I run . I have two , one for my locker & one for home . -LRB- the Evo with the large battery is not suitable for putting on your arm -RRB-
 I ordered this for doing my first half marathon race . It was very nice to have a place for my mp3 player and my gels . It was roomy enough for a few of them , but not too bulky . Love it and will be using for a long while to come .
 In general good product , comfortable and sleek . It 's light so good for runners . I use it during biking . But little bigger would be better .
 This is a very light weight slim waistpack . I can fit my keys , dog poopie bags and even a tennis ball in it when walking the dogs . It is perfect for my needs . There 's a clip inside to keep your keys secured , and a velcro pocket that fits a small phone or drivers license . The lining has torn a little , but that 's probably from shoving the tennis ball inside .
 This is large enough to carry all my necessary things -LRB- I can fit my iPhone and car keys in this pack -RRB- , but small enough that it does not bother me . This pack is great !
 I bought this because I needed a place to store my Zumba paper membership cards , DL , car keys , debit card , cash and cell phone . This does the job . It is not bulky , it is so thin and lightweight . Has room for an MP3 player and includes a clip . I wear it while doing Zumba knowing all my belongings are safe with me , it does not get in my way at all . I place it either in my front or back , and slip my shirt over it.I bought this at Sports Unlimited on sale at the time for $ 6.99 b/c I did not want to spend $ 14.99 for a Zumba Fanny Pack.It is also perfect for Amusement Parks and just want to carry something lightweight to have your important basic essentials like
 My wife bought this for her daily walks . She wanted a place to carry her cell phone and her pepper spray.This works just fine . She feels safer now walking in the neighborhood . You never know when you might needto defend yourself and this helps carry her stuff .
 This pack is just the right size . The waist band it nice and wide , holding it in place . It 's big enough to hold my phone , inhaler , nitro pills and a little money while I run . I know it 's supposed to be for gels and whatnot , but I need to be able to carry rescue items and this is perfect without being bulky . Super comfy and forget I 'm wearing it . Worth the $ $
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 This is a high quality t-shirt , great fit , and nice graphics . The sleeve has a Glock logo on it as well , a nice touch . The seller shipped this item right away , and I received it two days later . I would recommend purchasing to anyone looking for a Glock t-shirt .
 Being a collector of Glock firearms , I was looking for a casual tee shirt to wear around my shop or the range . The quality of the material , printing and comfort is more than anyone can expect for the money . I have tried to find other items better than this and have been unable to do so . Enjoy , I do !
 This is a nice thick cotton fabric , not thin by any means . The writing on the t-shirt was a silvery gray , not white like I thought . I think it makes the shirt look much nicer . Also , there was the word Glock printed simply down the left sleeve , which the picture either did n't show , or I did n't notice , but there again , it makes the shirt look much nicer . My fiance ' was very happy with it .
 I do like the shirt . However , be aware that the Glock graphic is only on the left front chest and sleeve . There is nothing on the back of the shirt .
 Purchase this shirt for my nephew has a Christmas present . He indicated he liked the smaller logo Glock Logo versus the whole body logo .
 Great fit , good quality 100 % cotton and has held up well for at least 10 washing so far . I recommend purchase .
 this feels like a well made shirt and it fits comfortable . usually shirts run short on me since i have a longer torso . this is plenty long , so when the shirt arrived and i tried it on , i bought another .
 Shirt is very heavy and durable . Will have to wait to see how quickly it fades from washings ? I will purchase more .
 I bought this shirt for my husband and he loves it cause it is just so manly and it is very simple .
 The I-Spa-L worked just as advertised . My wife has fibromyalgia and when she gets in the relief is in minutes . The only problem we have was the misleading control panel shown on line . The I-Spa came with a `` Much larger '' control but , it does not effect how it works . Another change we made for comfort reasons was to add a better chair . Now rather than running to the Gym to get in the sauna my wife can setup in any room and get relief .
 I get a good sweat in 30 minutes in this unit . The manual is poorly written , but there 's not really much to it . After you press the `` on '' button on the control box , you need to press the right button and then the plus one to set your desired temperature -LRB- go for the maximum -- 150 degrees -RRB- . Then get in , and over the next 15 minutes it will slowly rise to that temperature . You wo n't start sweating for a while , but I do around 25 minutes , and I usually stay another ten . I did notice some stitches coming loose around the zipper -- and reinforced those . For $ 200 , I think this has been a good buy , given the cost of going to a local sauna or buying a wooden infrared .
 The sauna does a great job on my sore muscles and arthritis . It also helps me control my weight . It is a wonderful stress reliever after a hard day and is very easy to set up and care for . I recommend it very highly .
 I bought the sauna to help with the muscular-skeletal pain , and it is helpful . The chair that came with the product is useless , as it is very uncomfortable , but I like the rest of the sauna . I use my own more comfortable chair . The portability is nice . I use it in my TV room each evening while watching my favorite show . Although not a cure for my lyme disease related pain , it certainly has helped . Other saunas are certainly more beautiful , but I like the fact that I can do something else while taking a sauna . The price was right too , which was definitely a factor , given the expense of lyme related treatment overall . The four stars are due to the uncomfortable chair . The one pictured was not the one I received .
 I bought this for my daughter . She has heavy metal toxcity which brought on fibromyalgia . She is taking neutraceuticals and detoxing . This sauna has been the perfect solution . The only thing she hates about it is the buzzer that starts 5 minutes before the timer shuts off . She will be so relaxed and then the buzzer starts . There is no reason for that that we can think of . If it shuts off and you sit in there longer so what . That 's why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 .
 I was skeptical about purchasing a space-age looking hot box , but was pleasantly surprised to find it works as it should . -LRB- I think it was cheaper when I bought it , so I guess the price has changed a bit . -RRB- I let it preheat , then get in and start sweating within 20 - 30 minutes . The chair inside is paltry , with a metal frame , so put a towel on it if you do n't want to sear your thighs . I do n't know if this is the main reason , but I can tell you I have n't had a cold or flu since I started using it over a year ago , and I used to get everything that came around the bend . Every time I feel a tickle in my throat , I know it 's time to cook it out in my lovely silver sweatlodge . It 's very relaxing , and people who come to visit think I 'm nuts when they see it sitting in the corner , but they 're also intrigued . It folds up , in any case , so you can stow it away if you 'd like to avoid the `` What is that ? '' commentary . Cheaper in the long run and more private than a day at the spa .
 Buying a portable infrared sauna was a good investment for me . I have a very busy work schedule and could never find enough time to go to the gym . I love a sauna and can now enjoy one in the privacy of my own home whenever I can find the time . I can also take it with me wherever I go .
 This could almost be word for word the review I read , probably posted just above this one , prior to purchase . The control is a bit funky but usable . The chair is uncomfortable but works . I wish I had purchased the large instead of regular and I 'm only 5 ' 7 '' but it 's OK . This being said , for the price and the wonderful heat therapy it provides , I 'm quite good with it . Next time , when this wears out , perhaps I 'll be able to purchase a better one but I 'm already almost addicted to my time in the `` envelope '' as I call it . I put my laptop on a tv tray and watch Netflix movies or catch up on email , even though sticking your arms out is a bit awkward . I could not hold a book . : -RRB-
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 Bear and Son will be a company to watch in tha future . Their quality is impressive and their prices are still very reasonable .
 Use this stuff as much as possible in my Tippmann X7 Flatline , which is notorious for breaking balls . Rain , cold , and heat all seem to have little effect on this stuff ; they are one of the few balls a Flatline will not break on . Last game I shot over 2000 rounds through my gun and had no issues with it . Used it in my Tippmann 98c with a Flatline before the X7 , over the years this is one of the few consistent balls out there year in and year out .
 Thick shell and fill . Excellent shape and form . Very durable . Well worth the money .
 i was using my project salvo when i used these paintballs and out of all of the rps balls i have tried these flew the best most consistantly on target
 So First off i was worried about ordering this product from amazon thinking the paint may have been sitting on a self for a long time . But the paint was still in great condition when i received it . It did fail the 6 foot drop test , but broke when given a little throw to the ground . On game day this stuff flew perfectly straight ! I had no bounces that I saw -LRB- 10 hits all breaks -RRB- . The fill is thick and gooey which was nice . I had no chops , no breaks except on targets . These also make it through slight brush which is nice for some spray and pray action . I have zero complaints about this paint , and will be getting another case for next game and future games this is all i want to shoot now .
 Why would you wash and dry your paintballs , water is the worst thing you can put on a paintball except for heat . anyway great product .
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 Fits perfectly on the Boar Staff . Great protection for the spear head against damage and from cutting yourself until you 're ready to use it .
 Auto and Marine Compass - BlackThis is a standard compass with a flexible mounting . It looks to be durable and will probably outlast me .
 It 's Orange it 's comfortable and washed very well . I have had many compliments on the hoodie .
 Amazon nice job got the sweatshirt in less then a week just what i order and right size thankyou
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 I remember playing rod hockey as a child , so I bought this game to play with my 14 y/o son . We have a smaller rod hockey game that is coming apart . This is a nice set and a step-up from the plastic ones . Yet still table-top and not near as expensive as the high-end ones . It 's been plenty of fun and provides lots of action . The mechanics are good . The electronic scoring is mostly accurate . You ca n't `` skate '' behind the goalies , and I had to secure them by drilling a hole and affixing with a screw . Those are minor faults . It is also large and storage may be a problem . It took me about 3 hrs . to put together .
 The best rod/table hockey there is with out going for the expensive arcade types . This one is perfect and operates smoothly ! Even the electronic score keeping never misses a beat ! What a blast !
 We have had this for 2 years no problems . Lots of fun.Not too easy to assembly though .
 I had some compression shirts from about 5 years ago . These new ones are not the same fabric quality as they used to be , fabric is lighter and less stretchy . Despite they fit perfectly and work fine , I 'm worried about the durabilty of the shirt .
 This product is very , very comfortable . I wear it under a regular shirt during cold weather or in extremely cold air conditioning .
 Solid product that is well made and holds together . I have been working with this sword for one year almost daily now and have been impressed by its quality . Keep in mind this is not a light sword ; and is sharp from hilt to tip ; do not get this as a begginer blade ; start with the light unshapened version or wooden sword first ; they are cheaper and you will not risk injuring yourself or anyone else that way .
 Weighing in at about 2 pounds , it is completely realistic to use this weapon with one hand . There is enough of a handle for a two handed grip . A very capable tool . Watch the video on Cold Steel 's website.And who says that you ca n't just carry a sword on the street ?
 A very well made sword . Excelent balance . However there is a minor flaw in the finish on both sides of the blade . Not enough to cause me to return it , but enough to make me wonder if this is a second . If I had paid the full price advertised on the cold steel site I would definately have sent it back for a replacement .
 Most Taichi can be practiced with a cheaper lighter sword , but I decide to give this try . Good weight . Finish and detail are excellent though needs a little polish to keep all parts shiny . Wood handle and scabbard have nice detail . The blade is not ultra sharp , but one should keep it that way unless it is intended to be used . Still sharp enough to require careful handing.Cannot be swung with the same speed and dexterity as a lighter practice sword , but it is interesting to know that traditional Jian techniques compensate for that somewhat .
 The sword is awesome . It has a few misalignments and dings but other than that it 's great . I got it to practice with so some minor flaws are ok .
 After considerable online research , I chose this sword for inclusion in my wedding , as representing the masculine Blade in complement to the feminine Chalice . These concepts come from Rianne Eisler 's book The Chalice and The Blade.This sword is graceful in line , well-balanced , and solid in construction . The rosewood grip and scabbard are lovely.Minor blemishes do appear on the blade and scabbard . I find these acceptable at this price-point . Amazon 's price was 40 % better than other online sources.Four stars !
 Being a Packers season ticket holder , a fan since birth , and starting QB in High School , my husband is sure to shed a tear upon opening this for Christmas . It arrived in pristine condition , superb quality , and all the official NFL IDs . He will for certain look forward to wearing it to the games next season . Hail to a GREAT MAN , and incredible Packers QB - Bart Starr .
 Being a Packers season ticket holder , a fan since birth , and starting QB in High School , my husband is sure to shed a tear upon opening this for Christmas . It arrived in pristine condition , superb quality , and all the official NFL IDs . He will for certain look forward to wearing it to the games next season . Hail to a GREAT MAN , and incredible Packers QB - Bart Starr .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 This is a very good product , well thought out and constructed , I would buy these again . I doubt if I will ever need to .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 light and professional looking . If your department requires you to wear basket weave , then this is the product for you !
 this product is exactly what i was looking for . but ... . it was a little bulky . it pops out a little further then i would like but i will try to make it work . i keep my cuff case towards my back and when i sit it is uncomfortable but with little adjustment it works .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 As I 've gotten older it has been harder to find soccer shorts that are made of material that is this thin . They are comfortable and breathable , and they -LRB- so far -RRB- have held up well in the wash . And you definitely ca n't beat the price . I 've actually ordered several pairs in different colors to have around for practice . I 'd recommend them to anyone .
 In looking through the internet for a pair of Umbro style soccer shorts like I had back in the late 80 's or early 90 's I found these . Very happy thus far . They are more satin sheen vs. the checker board Umbro but appear to be built about the same . Not too long , not too short and no inner liner . Very comfortable , and thus far very happy with the purchase . I would recommend them if you are searching for what I was initially .
 Certainly the price was right ! So I ordered two pairs -LRB- navy with gold stripes and white with black stripes -RRB- . Good decision ! I was a little surprised about the nylon material
 the whole line that I bought were of good quality . I could not find these in athletic stores . I like the material and I bought several colors
 They are super cheap , when you open it they look cloth and material looks very shiny but they awersome for when you play soccer or run ! love them ! specially the price !
 I bought a pair on a whim , due to the price , but have since bought several more pairs ... they are comfortable , lightweight , loose fitting with a forgiving waistband , yet not `` balloonish '' I was a little skeptical because of the nylon material , but it definitely works ... they are now my favorite gym shorts
 complete freedom of movement , can do high kicks , knees , etc , no binding of fabric . really comfortable .
 I have ordered these soccer shorts from this company before . The shorts are very good for the money that they are being sold for . They are very comfortable and perfect for doing any kind of excercise . You have plenty of mobility and comfort in order for you to play or excercise to your best capabilities . I highly recomend these .
 Comfortable , well made , nice colors . I bought a couple of different pairs . True to size as well . My husband would wear this daily if he could . Good quality product at a reasonable price . Thanks !
 I bought these shorts because I had some exactly like them made by the big `` U - '' manufacturer , which were starting to show their age . Well-made shorts , I am able to move well in them . The only thing lacking -LRB- which my other shorts have -RRB- is a back pocket to put my keys/phone/wallet / etc. . If I had that , I could give 5 stars .
 Just purchased these for my husband and he loves them . Great nylon material keeps him cool while he 's working around the house or running in them . I purchased 5 pairs in assorted colors . They also wash up great . Definitely recommend !
 Terrific product . Shipped very quickly . Was exactly as described . While not really expensive , the price was definitely worth the quality !
 I live in the deep South and I wear these mainly to work in the yard . They are light weight and fit well .
 These are excellent athletic shorts . Many shorts of this variety are cotton blends with exposed fibers . This makes them collect and display sweat trails very evidently . The Vashon are comfortable and fit extremely well . Most importantly , they move with the athlete . You can wear boxers or briefs with them without any tug or pull when running .
 I received my shorts super fast . They fit perfect and the colors are so vibrant . They are just like umbros but a fraction of the price . Could n't be happier with my purchase . I will be buying more !!
 The noly tinny coment , this is a little bit largest than I prefered this kind of shorts , but in general those are a wonderful option to play and to run , and even only to use at home
 My daughter likes to wear these around the house and for sleeping . They are soft and wash great . She likes them long and loose to so even though she 's a thin size 3 ususally , we bought the Adult-M . Perfect ! Should have bought more !
 I am pleased with the fit and feel of these shorts . Allows for range of motion while preforming physical training exercises .
 Great product . Thinner than I expected , but still good quality . They come in colors that can be hard to find locally .
 I SENT THE SHORTS BACK FOR A BIGGER SIZE , AND I NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THEM ... . WILL I GET A REFUND ...
 Well made , beautiful to look at , feels like it flows in the hand . An outstanding buy . If it was made in the West you could put another zero on the end of the price tag . I paid US $ 230 from Camper Safety . Too long for indoor work but definitely worth having . The steel scabbard is heavy but well made . Get a 1917 Cutlass for use inside your house because it 's shorter .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 this knife came dull , and the serrated part starts half way up the knife.and the knife is unevenly cut . but i am happy with it . I 've taken the plastic sheaths from inside the shoulder sheath and made it in to two separate knifes and sheaths and have given one of the knifes to a friend . -LRB- i think it is kind of psycho to carry around two daggers anyways -RRB- All you really need is a knife sharpener and you will be happy with your purchase ... and since the serrated part started like half way up the blade , it shortened the length of the actual edge of the blade which makes it legal in my state = -RRB-
 I purchased this item and wanted to see the total cost . It wo n't let me do that . I also needed to tell you what size I needed , it does n't have a place for that . I need to know how much . Mitch Richmond Jersey .
 They look sleek and work really well . I added a few cable ties to add rigidity , works great !
 Great stuff very quick and easy for attact / dismount , great prince , and supper fast shipping too . Hightly recommanded .
 Not having eyelets on my bike was n't something I thought about until now -- two years into owning it -- but when I started looking for fenders I was a little shocked . From some of the product descriptions it can be hard to tell whether you need eyelets to install the fenders , but these are definitely designed for eyelet-less cycles . They also match with the attitude of most non-eyelet bikes -LRB- go speed racer ! -RRB-
 I was a little sceptical at first seeing everyone riding around Seattle with monster fenders that nearly touched the ground . After buying and using these they kept tire water off my boddy even during heavy rain . They attach very easily and come off just as easy . I would probably run these even if I did have fender mounts on my bike because of the easy on/off factor . They will rub if not adjusted right but seem to stay in place once adjusted fairly well . Very light too ; perfect for the kind of bike that does n't come with fender mounts . I was also able to cut the rubber straps -LRB- that hold the fenders on -RRB- in half and so I have spares if the old ones ever wear out . They may not ever wear out .
 I bought these fenders to use on a recumbent bike with 650c wheels . Like on many road bikes , longer fenders would n't fit . These do the job pretty well , though I still get some road spray , especially from the rear tire . But these were really the only option . They 're pretty thin , but that does n't seem to affect their performance , and they would be fine for tires up to 32mm . I 'm currently using them with 23mm tires and it is obvious there is some room left over.The SpeedEZ are easily installed and also come with some zip ties if you 're concerned about them moving around too much . I have n't installed the zip ties since I 've found them sturdy enough without them . Overall , if your front fork and rear brake give you enough room , I would go with longer fenders . But if you 're using the type of bike that prevents this , these are pretty good substitutes and definitely better than riding without fenders in the rain . Your bike will stay cleaner and you 'll stay drier using these fenders .
 These are half the price of the SKS speed blades and so far they work great . They take about 10 minutes for initial setup ... then after that they are pretty quick to take on and off and block water spray pretty well .
 I found similar fenders at my local bike shop for twice the price and without the splash guards at the end ! When you think wrap-on fenders you have to think ... `` uh ... I do n't know about this . '' but these are truly awesome ! Very attractive and surprisingly perfect ! Because they are heavy-duty plastic they stay shiny-new ! These are also surprisingly QUIET ! I was so afraid of having rattling fenders as I ride ... these make NO sound . They work fantastic ! I love these ! I am very happy I bought them!So , instead of just keeping them on for the winter , I plan to keep these on forever !
 I do n't have enough clearance between tire and frame on my bike to use regular fenders . I had one of those fender boards that stick out the back but that did n't provide good coverage -LRB- I was still getting some spray on my back -RRB- . So I decided to go with these as rain season approached . Installation is simple and does n't require any tools and removal should be easy once the rain goes away.Two gripes - the front fender seems too short to be effective . expensive for essentially two pieces of plastic -LRB- albeit sturdy -RRB- .
 I purchased these two years ago and have been really happy with them . See uploaded photos for what they look like two years into daily use .1 -RRB- Very easy to install . I was able to put them on in a few minutes , without tools , in the parking lot of the bike shop .2 -RRB- Good protection in all but the heaviest rain showers . In heavy heavy rain , I do notice my shoes getting a shower from the front wheel .3 -RRB- They remain out of the way otherwise . Since they are unobtrusive , they do n't get snagged on obstacles and generally do n't get twisted out of position .4 -RRB- Very easy to swap onto another bike . I swapped from my commuter to my road bike in five minutes.I 've had one issue with the adjustment of the front fender . If your bike 's front fork is thin , the mounting pad may or may not have enough purchase to hold steady . My solution is try to crank the straps down tightly.I suggest not trimming the straps too short if you plan to use the fenders on more than one bike . If you trim them short for your commuter , they may not be long enough to fit on your road bike or vice versa . Since I obviously * did * trim them too short , I use a pair of pliers to install/remove the straps .
 They are easy to install and remove , provide enough coverage to keep me dry , that 's all a fender needs to do.I use them on my single speed commuter and they accommodate the 700x28c tires well .
 I , and a couple of buddies use the Stay cool sports towel while playing golf . We play golf in Central , Florida and it can get very warm . Using the towel has help us keep cool .
 I bought this handle after looking for a solution to my river boating troubles . I have an 80 pound thrust trolling motor , on a 14 foot jon boat . The motors shaft is 42 inches long . Sometimes I need to raise the motor to operate as shallow as possible , to avoid rocks . When the motor is positioned like this , the handle is much too high to operate comfortably from a sitting position . The HelmsMate Tiller Extension w/Ujoint is the perfect solution . It allows me to operate standing or sitting and from any angle . The handle also allows me to troll/steer with one hand while casting with another -LRB- while standing or sitting -RRB- . The unit fits snugly over the existing motor handle , and all functions work well , including throttle control . I am very pleased with the heavy duty construction and the overall quality of this unit .
 this product is everything it says it is and a quality product . can fit several sizes of handles and i would buy again . I mounted it on my 6hp evinrude kicker motor and everything works well .
 I own an inflatable Sea Eagle Paddle Ski along with a 3 hp outboard . You have to be a bit of a contortionist to reach behind you to operate the outboard in this boat as it 's only 39 inches wide . To me it 's downright dangerous . I purchased the universal joint Helmsmen tiller extension , and I 'm completely satisfied . I can pretty much sit where I want , and the adjustable extension of the arm allows me to keep the tiller handle at my side . Positioning the arm to the left or right is no problem as there is a ton of movement in the universal joint . The same can be said for a low or high angle.It takes a little bit of acclimating , as you push and pull to steer . I found that swinging my arm away from my side , -LRB- I had it on the right of me -RRB- and then pushing allowed for pretty easy movement for one direction , while keeping it close to my side and pushing worked for the opposite direction . Pulling the handle straightens the steering . This handle is like a giant lever , so subtle movements are the key . They recommend not going at high speed , and I think that 's a sensible precaution . You do n't want to be having lunch while operating the motor using this arm ! I was traveling about 5 or 6 miles an hour without much of an issue . I would be a little weary about pushing it beyond that . I kept a cord tied around my wrist for the kill switch just in case.As long as one takes the time to acclimate themselves to this new way of steering , I think you will love this . It has certainly made boating much more enjoyable for me . Careful out there!Recommended !
 Got what I expected . Would have liked better if tightening nuts would have been metal instead of plastic . ood product for the money spent .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 It shoots about 11 bbs a second which freeks me outpros-50 round magazine capacity , actually shoots 320fps , shoots fast , and i give it an 8/10 for the accuracycons - if you put to much gas in it it will leak , looks ugly , shoots way to much
 I 've put this in every size racquet you can imagine including racquetball -LRB- though I think it is way better than a racquetballer needs , it was all I had -RRB- and have had no complaints , the white looks especially good on some of the darker frames . 16 gauge so it is elastic and durable , a 15 gauge would last longer but not have nearly as good a ` feel ' , a 17 gauge would have a better bite on the ball and better stretch but would n't last as long . Good all around string choice .
 This is a very well put together weapon ; the blade is sharp , it seems very sturdy , and as far as I can tell it is pretty true to the original sword . The only reason I take one star off is because the scabbard does n't seem to be of the same quality . It is n't that big of a deal , and I wo n't be returning the sword , but I would probably go for the all metal scabbard if I could do it again .
 Got my Cold steel 1796 light cavalry saber today in the mail . It came a on time and well sharpened and in excellent condition . It is a very sturdy sword and will be pass it on to my kids because it is built to last that long . My only complaint is the sales description on Amazon said '' It comes fully sharpened with a wood and leather scabbard with steel mounts.The 1796 Light Cavalry Saber comes with your choice of an all steel scabbard or a wood/leather scabbard . '' . There was no place on the amazon page to make a choice either all steel or leather/wood scabbard . They sent me the wood scabbard but I wanted the steel scabbard . I 'm not going to send it back because it 's still a good sword and there is no reason to send it back just because I DO N'T LIKE THE LEATHER AND WOOD SCABBARD . Love the sword but seller loses a star on the review because of a description SNAFU . Buyer beware if you want this sword and the all steel scabbard ; you 'll get the lower price leather scabbard . Meh , live and learn .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 This was a good price for this size spool . I have yet to try this but have used big game line before with great success . Remember a bad day of fishing is always better than a good day of working .
 Best fishing line on the market . I love it ! However we do not use it as a fishing line . My wife uses it for making necklesses .
 It is good for one fishing trip . Very quickly it retain the shape of reel -LRB- memory -RRB- . it is strong and less abrasive than other lines at this price.After using other world famous fishing lines . I believe this product is no 1 .
 I love my bowling shirts . They wash an wear easily . Plus the customer svc was fantastic with no delays in delivery . I will use them again ,
 I love my bowling shirts . They wash an wear easily . Plus the customer svc was fantastic with no delays in delivery . I will use them again ,
 my son loved this sweater , he wears it all the time . it did ` ent have a bad price on it and it keeps him warm .
 These glasses are very comfortable , lightweight , and they have polarized lenses which I need to work out in the intense Florida sunshine . They are fully adjustable , so they should fit just about anyone 's face , and the nose pads do n't hurt my nose like other safety glasses I 've tried to wear . They are ventilated , which makes them comfortable to wear even on the hottest summer days . I was just getting ready to order a few more pairs ...
 awesome glasses . shipping was quick and quality of merchandise is second to none in this price range . No need to spend more.Highly recommended .
 This product covers the eyes from all angles and the polarized lenses are great to have on sunny days . I have worn them at times for more than 6 hours without any discomfort . I wear clear safety glasses regularly so I am aware of how uncomfortable some products are . I have 2 pairs of these and have n't noticed any distortion in the vision . The only problem with these is the fact that one day I found a crack on the outer edge of lens . I have no clue how it happened but I 'm sure that they were not abused in any way . Having a safety glass crack like that is n't very comforting . I will post a picture of the crack to share with the community .
 I purchased both the Radians Polarized Revelation and Pyramex Ducks Unlimited Boxed glasses . I was n't sure which one would fit me better and I wanted to have a spare set of safety glasses on-hand . I 'm really good at scratching or damaging sunglasses suddenly after a few years of use , so I wanted to have a spare set.The biggest difference between these two sets of safety glasses , for me , is the length of the Radians Ear Piece has a shorter initial position . I had to move it out one click to fit my face . -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 1 '' , with a pretty good size noggin ' . -RRB- The Pyramex Ducks are at their shortest ear piece setting and fit me fine . This is a slight difference , but I had to look for something because both glasses are very comparable . Both brands adjust in similar ways . The ducks comes with a bunch more lenses and costs another seven bucks or so . I will wear the polarized glasses when I am in a very reflective environment or have to deal with a lot of glare for some reason . I will wear the pyramex ducks for days out without glare.Besides the ear piece , the nose piece is a little thicker using more rubbery material on the Radians glasses . This may mean the nose piece gets a little hotter . I will have to report back after I use both pairs of glasses more . This is only a minor concern for me . I am glad that I have both pairs . The ducks gives me lots of lenses to choose from and the Radians gives me a good polarized pair . My only complaint about the Radians is that for the price it would have been nice if it came with a soft closeable carry bag . That is why I chose to take away 1 star.With only the minor differences mentioned , I find the Pyramex Ducks and the Radians Polarized Revelations to be very similar in fitment . I lean towards preferring the fit of the Radians just slightly over the Pyramex Ducks if I had to pick only one only in terms of fitment . I probably would still have bought the Pyramex Ducks because of the lens options .
 The product received in good condition and as advertised . Quality and features are good . Comparing price with quality and features , is the best one .
 This tag is just as it looks and heavy metal - not lightweight aluminum . Bright colors . Really like this tag .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 I bought these shin guards for my 4 year old who as just starting soccer and they have done there job . They fit him well and seem pretty comfortable . The only problem my son has had is that the velcro is a little `` itchy '' on his legs . We fixed this by wearing another pair of socks underneath them .
 Hurt my shin in a fall , badly bruising it . Bought these shin guards to prevent reinjuring the bruise . It worked wonderfully , held on by the single strap and socks . A very inexpensive solution to a painful situation .
 I originally purchased these for a Batman costume -LRB- which were perfect and looked awesome -RRB- , but they also work well as shin guards . Surprise right ?!
 What can I say , they are shin guards that guard shins . My son completed the season with no bruises . Strap is a bit on the long side and is not 100 % velcro , so not infinitely adjustable . But , they worked and have a pretty cool Darth Vader look that he liked .
 This is an excellent product ! I had to buy longer socks because my little guy was getting scratched by the velcro but they worked awesome for a little mini-kickers soccer league !
 I use these to protect my shins while using my leg lift machine . They are fairly small and have a single velcro elastic band which is really fast and easy to put on , but tend to slide down the shin to the top of the foot . For running , they would have to go under socks or something .
 These are great for running in the dark . SUPER reflective - even if I only have these on , the cars definitely swerve away . It must look kinda weird having two bright bands coming at ya - but it only proves that they do the job and do it well . I 'm pretty sensitive to things touching me and discomfort while I run - and these do n't bug me at all .
 I ordered my first pair of these exactly a year ago and wore them 4-5 days a week through heat , rain and cold . I am excited to order them again ! Very durable and worth the $ $ $
 These reflective bands are very easy to place on arms or wrists with only one hand . Innovative design ! Material reflects well .
 I LOVE the white POP BANDS and reflective leash . I use both when out during night time dog walks and feel safe knowing I can now be seen by cars . This is especially comforting in the winter months like right now , since there is not enough daylight to get my morning and evening dog and people exercise in . These products are a must for all outdoor activities when visibility is a safety issue . Whether you are biking , walking , jogging , skiing , etc. , be seen and be safe !
 Bands are great , and I 've had them for over a year now ... but ... they do n't work well around my bicep or forearm ... however , if you wear them around your wrist ... they are comfortable to use .
 These slap on reflectors are great ! I received them in a timely fashion , as well . They help keep my pant legs out of my tires while also adding to my safety . Thanks for the great product !
 so far so good on the reflector pop bands . cars and trucks seem to see me better because i run at night . i where them around my ankles . if you where short socks they rub a little but all in all a great product ...
 I use the yellow bands when I walk at night so cares can see me . Their great . I just snap them on my arms -LRB- over whatever jacket i 'm wearing -RRB- and go .
 Works great for bike riding or jogging . I keep a pair of these on my bikes headtube so as to have them with me all the time .
 I was recently introduced to these by a friend in Boulder and I LOVE them . I have a set in orange and yellow , which I think are the more reflective colors -LRB- although they are all visible from far away -RRB- . They are addictively fun to `` pop '' on . I keep wanting to buy these for friends as gifts . I am thinking a lot more about being safe at night now that I 'm riding my bike more . It 's just getting to expensive to drive all the time . I recommend these to anyone .
 I thought I could use these bands to keep my pants clean while riding the bike , but they fall all the time . They are very easy to put but they are also very easy to involuntarily detach them . Visibility is great , though . I just wish they were more stable on my legs .
 These products are incredibly reflective ! When my headlights caught a neighbor walking her dog it looked like lasers suspended in midair . It definitely got my attention as I could n't see either her or the dog until I was dangerously close . I thought I 'd have to `` make '' my kids wear them but they love the fact that they can be seen in a `` stylish '' manner whether walking , playing or riding their bikes .
 Super Reflective SILVER Dog Leash | 6 Foot | by VedanteI LOVE these POP BANDS and also my reflective dog leash both by VEDANTE . I use them when out on night time dog walks and feel safe knowing I can now be seen by cars . This is especially comforting in the winter months and during low visibility times , since there is not enough daylight to get my morning and evening dog and people exercise in . These products are a must for all outdoor activities when visibility is a safety issue . Whether you are biking , walking , jogging , skiing , etc. , be seen and be safe !
 This item is great . The reflective band reflect from a car a block away and very durable . It 's been in use for a month or so now and the `` pop '' is still as strong as the day I first use this . Keeps my pants from being caught in my gears . Very good item . Does not regret getting this and will get more for friends and family .
 I got mine in the large size so I 'd have more versatility in their use . Comfortable to wear . The clear/silver color offers the most visibility , I plan to order more of these for gifting .
 I 'd forgotten about slap bands from grade school until I got these.As other reviewers said , for bicycling , the bands are n't tight and subject to working loose during a 3 mile commute . Usually I just roll up my pants instead of using these . I leave them wrapped around my seat post adding extra visibility for the periodic days that I use them .
 I use the high-reflectance yellow bands daily ... they 're quite visible at dusk or in the dark . Strong enough to keep a pants cuff out of the chain but very easy on & off . Much more reflective than any other bands I 've tried ! -LRB- Make sure you get either white , yellow or tangerine , though -- the other colors are not nearly as reflective . -RRB- I have n't had any problem with them staying in place , but never tried them on my wrists or on ankles while jogging , just biking ... You may need to turn or move them around a little to have them lay flat around yr ankles -- as one reviewer mentioned , the ends of the bands have a stiff spot , but if I face the Vedante logo to the front and have the outside end of the band on the outside of my ankle , they sit flat for me . They 're far superior to other brands I 've tried !
 Bright ! Easy to pop on and stays in place because of the velour backing . I also have a pair in yellow . Use these on my wrists and ankles so that I light up like a christmas tree -LRB- along with a reflective vest -RRB- when a car comes in my direction.I would suggest that you get a large size if you plan on strapping this around your ankle above your pants . The medium I 've found JUST fits around my ankles over my pants.Thanks to all those walkers and joggers who are using these products . It greatly increases my chances of seeing you at night . It can get very hard to see in the dark on a bike path when car headlights are beaming at me .
 These clubs have served our son , now 12 , well as he has grown . We just purchased additional acculength clubs to round off his set . They have performed well in play with a minor issue of a handle loosening , but the company handled it with a replacement part , no problem . The clubs have allowed our son to develop his game , with the same set of clubs over the past 3 years , with the next year or two to follow . We have not experienced sporting equiptment which has ever spanned more that a season or 2 for children . All is needed is to follow the directions exactly when adding additional extensions . We had heard they were comparable to other branded clubs but these have the added bonus of growing with the child . They have the feel of adults clubs and have have encouraged our son to stick with the sport , he has liked adding the links to show how much he has grown . Great concept!AccuLength 500 Series Junior Golf Set , Right Handed
 This is a great watch . It keeps very good time . I love the look of this watch . The band is very comfortable and fits any size wrist . The price was right . The shipping was FAST .
 He really likes this inexpensive watch and is wearing his second one . The plastic band clasp broke on first so we ordered another . That one finally also cracked at the band connection but magic clue has held it another year ! THEN will have to admit that we have a third one tucked away for the future . Now , at this price , am tempted to order another ...
 I am very pleased with the watch ! Great price was a real plus ! Easy to read as well as comfortable !
 Hola gracias por su producto muy buena calidad y por su total atencion y puntualidad ; muy agradecida con ustedes me gusta mucho su servicio doy el visto bueno en todo a lo que a ustedes se refiere ; sin mas que decir me despido de ustedes hasta una proxima ocacion , saludos ...
 HIGH QUALITY , TRUE TO SIZE , WOULD MAKE ANOTHER PURCHASE , DID NOT LIKE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING
 Bought this for my daughter . She loves it . Great little release . I personally like a sensitive release , i fell it increases accuracy significantly . This has definitely proven to be true in her case as well . She is shooting way better , than when using the old tru fire spring tension release . Quality seems to be on par with any other release . Would recommend to just about anyone .
 I bought this call after I went hunting with a friend that was using this call so I already knew how it sounded . This call sounds great and is easy to use . It makes it easy to go from the low moan to the higher pitched honk and it has a great tone . I have tried other calls that were harder to control each tone . I would recommend this call to beginners and more experienced hunters alike .
 I technically bought the other EM-40 , the package that came with a complete weight set . This is the same bench , just without all the other bells and whistles . Still being frustrated , I decided to post my review here as well . **** I purchased this bench and am super happy with it . I decided to write my own review after being frustrated with all the negative reviews this bench has gotten.I challenge you to find another bench . . that has 4 different positions , is designed with a WOMAN in mind -LRB- color , style , shape , size -RRB- has weights , resistance , and a work out DVD.Betcha ' you wont find one.My bench also did not come with a workout DVD or assembly instructions . . but all it takes is a 2 minute phone call with a friendly customer service person -LRB- who mind you is aware of the missing pieces -RRB- and I was good to go . She was even able to send me the assembly instructions through email so I could have them right away.Yes . . its frustrating not having everything RIGHT NOW . . but things happen and factories make mistakes . I would not rate this bench anything below a 5 because of assembly instructions that were missing , especially since I got them right away and they came with a sincere apology . For all of you that complain . . you 'll be the ones who end up using this bench as a clothes hanger !!! ****
 Some reviewers did n't receive instructions but my bench was shipped by Amazon with the CD and instructions in a plastic bag attached to the outside of the box . There was also a CD in the box , so I received two . If you buy from another seller you may or may not get the instructions and CD.There were two minor assembly problems and aside from those the instructions were very clear and easy to follow.1-The labels for the bolts and washers in the hardware kit did not match the labels in the instructions . I just crossed out the labels in the instructions and relabeled them according to what was printed on the cardboard hardware kit . It 's easy to do since they print pictures of the bolts and washers in actual size in the instructions and clearly label them -LRB- with the wrong letters ! -RRB- .2 - Part of the bench was pre-assembled and I did n't realize it so I thought I was missing hardware , especially since everything was mislabeled.This bench is sturdy and looks great ; nice color . It even has wheels on the back floor assembly so when it 's folded up , you can tip it back and roll it wherever you want it . What a bonus for me!The cable assembly is very smooth and works very well . I suspect the person with the jerky cable did n't align the bars correctly and did n't lubricate the assembly with the provided oil.At $ 80 - it 's a steal . Much better quality than a Reebok bench I had to return that cost the same but looked like crap and was welded together incorrectly . I would n't waste money on the model with the weights since you can buy a set of dumbbells anywhere .
 I ordered this em40 weight bench instead of the em40 bench package as I already had my own set of dumbbells . I could n't justify spending another $ 50 or more for another set of dumbbells and a wall poster.A fantastic price and FREE SHIPPING ! If I had ordered this from any other website , shipping would have been $ 45 , and if bought at a store , I 'd have to lug the big 75 lb box !! I just opened my front door and it was there . : -RRB- As for the product itself -- everything was complete . Assembly took me about an hour and the assembly manual was very clear . My dumbbell set fit into the bench perfectly . The ankle cuff and curl strap assembly were included , as well as the DVD which included the 20-minute workout and bonus abs and yoga workouts.This bench is very versatile with multiple positions for a variety of dumbbell exercises . The cable is an added bonus , allowing you to do gym machine-type exercises for upper and lower body . The fold-up capability is good if you have only a little space.All in all , I am very pleased with my purchase . I plan to use this often , but if it should become a `` coat hanger '' like some other fitness equipment becomes , at least I did n't waste a HUGE amount of money . I highly recommend it !
 Excellent product.Exellent CD.No problems putting together.Can use much heavier weight.Great for basic exercise and more advanced ones.Amazing deal . I highly recommend , particularly if short on space.I 'm in a TINY apt , and this rocks !
 I was very happy with my purchase . I ordered it on a Friday and received it the following Friday . The company is on the east coast and I am on the west . I did receive assembly instructions and the DVD . But , it was missing the curl assembly and lube . I waited until Monday . They are open M-F 8-5 EST. -LRB- This is stated on the recording -RRB- . I got a real person and received my missing parts four days later . Great customer service ! Just call the 800 number included.The bench itself is very sturdy and has four bench adjustments . The cable is smooth . I was originally just looking for a small bench to use with dumbbells . But , the cable is definitely a plus . The only negative is when doing a seated row I have to sit back a ways . I am only 5 ' 3 '' , but it works really well . Keep in mind this bench was designed for women , but it would work well for a shorter man also . I am very happy with my purchase ! Great deal , too .
 The portability and ease of folding up are great features , as well as storage of the weights on the rack . I love the bench and the fact that you can slant it back for situps and for tricep dips and a variety of other seated exercies when in the up position . The pulley system is the biggest flaw of this machine - it is not smooth and pretty much useless for weights over 15 # . The weights are too big and fall off during the exercise . If you are buying with the pully system in mind - forget it . If you are using the bench - it is still a bargain .
 I like the skates alot . They fit well . The padding inside is nice . I have very bony feet , so I wish there were a bit more , but they are still comfortable .
 These skates were a gift for my granddaughter . She loves them ! They fit great and the height of the boot is perfect .
 Really happy with my purchase , perfect condition . A little roomie , but I wouldnt have bought a smaller size . Great from someone like me who is a beginner.Recommend them
 My sister bought these as she just started to finally figure skate . According to her , They look , feel , and skate very smoothly ! They look great on her and I would defiantly recommend for beginners in skating or/and people who like to skate for fun ! A + !
 Extremely comfortable . Fit big
 This is a good tough workout . It 's fun and interesting . There is high energy kickboxing and also toning and balance work . The half hour aerobics will really burn fat and have you sweating ; it 's pretty much non-stop . Then when you do the toning workout , it is based on a Brazilian martial arts workout called Capoeira . Doing that , you focus on your core while working out your glutes and thighs . That section of the dvd is about 20 minutes . It goes quickly because you do n't stop from start to finish and she is quite motivating . The cool down is about four minutes only , so I did extra stretching afterwards as well . It 's a great dvd and if she brings out more workouts , then I think I 'm going to get some . I enjoyed this that much .
 I ordered this last week and did it for the first time today . I dont really know what to think . I think I will like it after I get the combinations down packed . I am used to kickboxing so the moves were not tough , but just went put all together its something you have to do more than once to get down . I base my ratings on workouts with how much it gets my heart rate up . This workout got my heart rate up a few times but then it dropped after those `` plyo '' segments . The plyo segments were my favorite actually but didnt last long . I noticed this entire workout worked my lower back more than any other body part . But tomorrow I am sure I will feel some new muscle pain . There are a lot of punches and jabs with this one - and not enough kicking , but still the kicks are good . The 20 min toning section is GREAT . You go through it 3 times to really feel it working . Lots of balance in the last 20 min but works your core.So overall this is a pretty good workout ! Its good to have something with cardio/toning intervals . If you are new to kickboxing or havent been doing it long , this is not the dvd for you . I would try Janis Saffell 's Strike Zone before this one if you are new - that is an excellent workout too .
 My boys started hitting off the tee by their grandparents ' house out in Pennsylvania and love it . When we go to the golf course they did n't have much selection for kids so I thought why not get them their own for Christmas . They love them . My older is 8 and the clubs are fine and he has room to grow into them . My younger is five and although the clubs say 5-12 they were still a little big but workable.Very happy with the product for its price .
 My son so so pleased to get his own golf set and it 's such great quality.The bag is durable and you can even purchase more clubs and they will fit in the bag.This is a great product for any girl or boy who enjoys golf . And the best part is that you can go golfing together .
 HIGH QUALITY , TRUE TO SIZE , WOULD MAKE ANOTHER PURCHASE , DID NOT LIKE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING
 What can you say . Basic clamshell with brushes and some cleaning fluid . Hard to find all brass in local stores . Great value for the money ,
 Bought this to clean out the Mossberg 500 . The kit is decent for the really inexpensive price and gets the job done . You will need more patches as these that are included are pretty cheap and almost worthless . The solvent and gun oil are probably worth the price , plus you also get some basic tools needed to maintain your 12 gauge . I suggest getting more cleaning supplies , but this is a good starter kit to get you going in the right direction .
 This tube is much thicker than the standard Trek tube . After three flats , it was time to find a better tube . So far so good . The ride is not stiff at all . I also purchased a better tire . Between the two , I hope my problems are gone .
 Wanted a basic cleaning kit for my 12 ga shotgun . This is a ` no frills ' kit that fit the bill . Quality brass at a reasonable price .
 I am a born and bred PittsburgherHow could I complain about a Joe Greene starter shirt?I love it.My only complaint is a general one and not related to this particular itemsMy issue is that start jerseys have become so expensive and we all know that the league needs to get its substantial cut . I am sorry but I am old school and remember an era when you did not have to be rich to go toa professional sport venue and glorified T shirt did not cost over 100 dollars !
 HIGH QUALITY , TRUE TO SIZE , WOULD MAKE ANOTHER PURCHASE , DID NOT LIKE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING
 I have both sizes of Stoney Pointe Polecats and love them . The compact is great for sitting on a dove stool squirrel hunting . If you 're more of a woods walker the taller ones will work best .
 Perhaps it is just my body type , but I have found the suit quite comfortable -LRB- compared to my other suits -RRB- . I did a few ocean diving trips with it , as well as a lot of use at the lake cabin , and it looks to be holding up very well as well . I have a few snags on the fabric from velcro , but that is about it .
 I purchased the Nebo 75 +10 L -LRB- Mars Red -RRB- bag for my trip through Europe . I travelled for a little over one-month through 9 countries and 12 cities . But enough about my trip , on to the good and the bad about this bag.Firstly it is well constructed where it counts but a few little things bugged me . There are two tiny plastic strap holders on the main straps that serve to control and organize a number of support , fitting and load-bearing nylon straps . These two tiny little clips broke off pretty quickly on my trip as they got snagged on my arm , coat or even other parts of the bag itself . It did n't affect the bag 's function in any way but it was a little annoying when the clips first broke because they cut my arm pretty bad as it put the loaded bag onto my shoulders . Needless to say I removed the broken clips after I nursed my wound . As annoying as it was , the clips were just a convenience feature that did n't really serve a purpose ... thus the 5 star rating.Other than the clips , the bag is perfectly organized for an extended backpacking trip . The seperate bottom pocket is great for clothes or other items you need frequently while the larger tube section is good for gear and larger items . The side pockets are good for maps and offer quick access to other documents and flat items like passports or train tickets.Some nice features i used alot were the detachable day-pack , the elastic drawstring straps on the front for sleeping bags or pillows and the little loops on the front pocket for clipping locks , keys and luggage tags directly to the front of the bag.My friend on the trip had a much more expensive Kelty bag . It was too large , too expensive and the seams ripped . Do n't be sucked into the hype over expensive brands because they are n't always the best . Mine looked better , functioned better and was almost 1/3rd the price.Summary
 I bought this pack because I needed a new internal frame pack for my long weekend back packing trips , but did n't have a lot of cash to spend . I have not been able to find any reviews on the pack so I took a little risk , purchased the pack , and took it on a short 5 mile climb to see how it worked . I loaded the pack up with about 40 lbs . of gear and hiked a local mountain trial which gave me about 1400 feet of elevation gain . Overall the pack performed very well . My legs and feet were a little sore after the first hike of the season , but my back , hips and shoulders felt fine . The pack fit well -LRB- after first adjusting it for my torso length -RRB- . As far as features go , it has everything I need for a 3 - 5 day trip . The main compartment of the pack has an expansion feature that will let you add an additional 6 inches of storage capacity if you need it . The main complaints I have with the pack is the poor customer service from nebo sports -LRB- I left them two voice mails and sent them an e-mail , but no one got back to me . I hope I never have a problem with the pack -RRB- , and the lack of documentation -LRB- I was left to figure out how best to adjust the pack , use a hydration system with the pack , and how to use the detachable fanny pack -RRB- . There are about 20 straps on the pack , most of which I will trim back or cut off once I figure how I want to use it . The strap clips are not the best quality I have seen . The hip belt clip always felt like it was going to unclip by itself , but I never had a problem with it on the trail . The top part of the pack detaches and has a belt clip integrated into it so it can be converted in a fanny pack for short day hikes once you get your main camp site . I tried the feature out at home , and I suspect it will work OK for light loads . I doubt it would be very comfortable if you need to carry any water in the fanny pack.All in all , the pack is meeting my expectations . I will follow-up with a second review after I get through the summer back packing season .
 This is my first backpack , so I 'm sure my technical knowledge is limited , but here 're my thoughts : I am happy with it . It 's hard to find reviews of it anywhere , and I was a little sketchy about that , but the price finally lured me into taking a chance . I hiked the Grand Canyon for a week . I started out with about 55 pounds , and it held pretty well . It is roomy enough for a week-long trip , and there are lots of hooks and straps to hang things on the outside . It has a rainfly attached , and it keeps everything dry -LRB- I practiced in very heavy rain before going - I mean , VERY heavy -RRB- . The little detachable pack is AWESOME for short hikes.There are the few things that bothered me
 Well , I 've looked and looked at numerous backpacks , while trying to find one for my daughter . I currently own this pack -LRB- found it on ebay and bought it -RRB- did n't know anything about backpacks or hiking , I 've had it on three trips already and it 's very comfortable , except I did a fifteen miler with it loaded up ... probably fifty pounds , after this trip my shoulders hurt a bit , but I think it was due to the weight . I 've had two buckles break though . But all in all , a very good pack for the money ! And am actually considering buying this same one for my daughter.Pros
 easy to install , very sturdy , no worries of them loosening their grip on the luggage rack or my kayak . Only concern is that the angle the pads face is fixed , if it was maybe slightly adjustable they would be perfect , while they do fit my kayak pretty well I could see where some kayaks would pose a problem and leave plenty of open space against the pads .
 Very nice alternative to expensive kayak racks . No issues at all transporting yak 400 miles on interstate .
 I got this carrier after using a THULE Hull a Port carrier for 5 years . Picking up a kayak and having to step up on a cooler to reach the Hull a Port got to be a little laboring and after pulling my back once doing the clean and jerk move and overextending to reach the carrier on top of my Xterra , I decided this design may be a better option for me hauling just a single kayak as I can slide it up from the back and use the SUV roof as leverage . It works somewhat well , but I did n't expect both sets of the carrier to have rubber on them which stops the kayak from sliding forward once you have it half loaded . The rubber grabs and even started to roll up from the friction of trying to load it so I end up climbing up and semi-lifting and sliding it into the final position.It 's not that bad if I put up a towel and use the roof as a lever and drop it down but it 's still a tad trickier than I would have liked . After I bought this carrier I saw another brand of carrier with a similar design but the back set actually had little rollers while the front set had rubber to keep it from sliding . I think that design would have been perfect for me . This is n't an issue if you have a car or lower height SUV , so if you are buying for that type of vehicle , these would be 5 stars for sure.Overall another good product from THULE .
 I have a Rav4 and needed a rack for my kayak that was sturdy , safe , easy for me to get my kayak into , and would fit into my meager budget . This fits the bill in every way . It came with two solid straps and tie downs , however I just use the straps . Once you strap it in and the fact that the saddles have rubber grip material , your kayak is n't going anywhere . In fact the bigger challenge for me is getting the kayak off the saddles once I get to my destination . I 've learned that it is easier to just loosen the saddles on one side of the car and then pull the kayak off the saddles and gently slide it down the back end of my Rav4 . I did purchase the Thule 854 water slide to help me with sliding the kayak on and off my car and to protect my car from getting scratched . I 'm a 56 year old women who is not overly strong but I can handle this just fine . Happy kayaking everyone !
 I bought this kayak carrier to carry my kayak on a honda pilot . The carrier is very easy to install and use . I would recommend .
 In general , the Top Deck is avery good product at a reasonable price . It is easily adjustable to different kayaks . My only negative comment is the tie downs and straps are not of the same quality I received with the Thule J frame kayak carrier I purchased .
 Works great for my strapping my 11 ' 6 '' Outer Harbor paddle board onto my SUV . I would not buy anything else to haul my board .
 Good pants , use for guard duty drill weekends . Best and lowest price I could find on internet . Received shipment very quickly after order . Exact specs and pattern as advertised . Highly recommend .
 This is a very solid pair of pants with pockets . If you are looking for BDU pants in woodland , you ca n't go wrong with these .
 tried to fit the pants via the size code but they were too bigbut since the vendor was great everything was in very good condition I will try again and order a pair that fit !
 Arrived early , ca n't go wrong with Rothco . Pants were perfect fit and were no visible defects . Sizes seem to be true to fit . Will work great for paint ball games .
 i just buyed it for a gift to my girlfriend ... she loves this pair of Wristbands
 HIGH QUALITY , TRUE TO SIZE , WOULD MAKE ANOTHER PURCHASE , DID NOT LIKE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING
 I bought this watch as a gift for my wife who has been making fun of me for my expensive watches -LRB- Omega -RRB- . She needed a new watch but expressly forbid me to buy something expensive . Boy was she surprised when she opened the Invicta.It comes in a great yellow faux leather box , with cleaning cloth and papers , just like a big name timepiece . The watch itself is very elegantly designed and presents nicely with the yellow mother of pearl dial and nice brushed and polished stainless steel band as well as the Rolex inspired date window magnifier . When you know the difference you can tell that the band and the function of the buttons etc. is not like on a high price watch but at first and even second glance , this watch looks like the `` real thing '' . I actually had to show my wife the receipt to prove that it did n't even cost me $ 100 shipped . If you are looking to impress but are on a budget , this is your watch . If it came with a $ 500 price tag , it still would not look overpriced .
 Well , it 's a little cumbersome at times for off road riding but if you are like me you also do some road riding on your mountain bike . In this capacity it is great !
 More than 50 % primers over the world -LRB- 90 % in Russia and its colonies -RRB- are just berdan type . That 's why that simple tool is helpful not exactly for me but for many shooters to decap big rifle beran primers .
 This is a decent product but could be re-engineered . Becareful with the tip as they are fragile . It broke after ten primer 's . RCBS sent two to replace it no problem . It needs to set just right or you will have problem 's .
 I got this cricket tent 3 years ago , and the only problem it 's given me is a small amount of leakage through the roof when i forget to fasten the velcro ties around the poles . Other than that , it 's light , easy to set up , and you can fit a groundcloth in the bag with the tent . A great tent for a short-term backpacker -LRB- the bag is a little long -RRB- . And the tent realisticly only sleeps one , but that doesnt bother me !
 This blanket is great . It 's large , comfortable and cute ! The carrying case made it convenient to carry around . I would definitely recommend it .
 This blanket is amazing ! It is so lightweight and the bag makes it really practical to take everywhere . Easy to wash and durable as well as comfortable due to its water resistance on any grass !
 There is no better line when using an open-face spinning reel for winter steelhead on the very cold Pacific coast streams .
 Bought the 4 lb . for my ultra light . Casts were outstanding , line my buddy up with his . He loved it . Gon na try the 8 and 10 lbs . for my others next season .
 Bought this spool for my own Tip-Up I made out of wood !!!!! Looked around for something to use as a spool and found this !!!! Makes my Tip-Up look like one purchased from the store , and it 's cost was great !!!!
 As good as can be expected for plasitic . Plastic parts will break at extreme cold temperatures without careful handling . Aluminum might be a better choice . Otherwise , pretty good design . Works as it should .
 Excellent product , excellent price . This belt is pretty durable , exceptional for the price . Great for carrying my .40 eight hours a day
 This is literally the best belt I 've ever owned . I ordered black and am now ordering tan ; as it 's the only belt I want to wear . Very sturdy for concealed carry - provides excellent support for even large pistols . That purpose aside , I wear this belt whether I 'm carrying or not . It is very comfortable . I have a herniated disc that is right in the area that a belt crosses my spine . I could n't believe the difference that this belt makes . The sturdy support has made a huge difference for me . From the solid brass buckle to the high quality leather , I expect this belt to last a lifetime . IMPORTANT
 I carry a Beretta 92 in a Serpa holster . I had a cheap man made fiber belt before . It started to tear out at the holes and then broke right at the buckle . I ordered this B 26 belt and it carries this setup great . Supports the weight around my waist and does not sag at the holster . Looks to be made out of good leather , not to stiff or too supple . I would recommend highly .
 Great value and great service . This belt is simply the best `` pistol belt '' that I have owned . It is comfortable , offers great support and looks good always .
 I like this belt , its quite sturdy feeling . Although I am not one to only buy American products , I was quite surprised to find out that Bianchi products are not made in the US .
 I ordered a 36 because I wear 36 Levis and I have to use the very last hole on the belt . I should have ordered a 38 , to fit properly . Got one from Dvor for 22 bucks , but all they had on sale was the 36 , so I 'll keep the one I have and drop a few pounds . Really , order the size 2 inches up from your actual waist size or you will be using the very last hole . The belt is very nice , good looking and able to support your gear . Very fine quality .
 The belt measures about 11/2 inches when compared to other belts the same size . Other than that , the belt feels great . Guess it is good that it is a bit small , the boss has me on a diet .
 I 'd recommend Bianchi belts to anyone , whether `` professional '' or not . They last . I only bought this because I added inches . The old belt , almost 25 years old , is still fine . Unless something changes at Bianchi , I 'd continue to use these belts forever . Worth every penny .
 This belt works very well for me . I carry concealed OWB most of the time with either a S&W M&P 40 full size or a Glock 27 . This belt can take either with no problems . My waste size is 36 so I ordered a 38 , but maybe next time I will get a 40 . The extra size will give a few more belt loops to work with . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a belt that is nice looking for everyday wear and to help keep your sidearm tighter to your side .
 Ordered a size larger and barely fits . I wish I could blame the belt , but I ca n't . It 's a sturdy , thick belt that should do nicely .
 Hello all , I ordered this belt and within a week received it . Was in perfect condition and looked great . I did a search on gun belts and this was one of the results . It had good reviews so thought it would be a good choice . I realise now that it is not a gun belt and just a really nice looking regular belt . Gun belts are double thick and have very firm sidewalls . So just be aware if you are looking for a gun belt this one is probably not the one you want .
 I order the first belt it came with some light spots on it I returned it and order another one and it came in great shape .
 Got the product quick and these belts are the best ! This belt has a business casual feel to it . I wear it to the office and it is very lightweight and solid enough to hold my weapon and not sag and pull the belt down .
 I bought the black belt , which is not pictured at this time . The belt is shiny black and the buckle is gold . It 's fairly thick and sturdy . I am pleased with the quality . I do recommend ignoring the fitting directions provided . They recommend buying the same size as your waist . My pants are 32 in the waist so I ordered a 32 . The belt I received was 32 inches long , so it would only buckle if I pulled it very tight . I returned it and bought a 34 which fits perfect with all my 32 pants .
 I purchased it for my spiderman noir costume . works great on a sunny day for basketball also . only bad thing is it tends to fog .
 The fly fits well and is well made . Have ` nt tested in rain yet but we treat all our gear with seam sealer and spray . The ventilation is poor compared to tents that vent directly through the tent roof . The setup and breakdown is where this tent and fly really shine . You can put the fly on so quickly there is no need to put it on unless it 's really needed .
 This is a great design that keeps you `` high and dry '' and provides a suprising amount of room inside . It 's very easy to set up and take down . I would not recommend this for anyone who plans to use it for backpacking as it 's very large and bulky even when folded up . It comes with a great carrying and storage case and can be easily thrown in the back of a truck or most larger cars . It 's also a bit heavy so you wo n't want to carry it far.The interior is roomy and has some nice features like pockets for small items and bungies to hold open zip up windows and flaps . You can sleep two in the tent but it would be a bit crowded if you 're plannig on two large people . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' 250lbs and fit in it with plenty of room by myself and even with my 9 year old kid.The cot underneath has a bar that runs directly down the middle of the tent so you have to sleep on one side or the other . Trying to lie on the bar is very uncomfortable . I usually sleep on one side and stow all my gear on the other.I 've only had one problem with the manufacture of the tent . The clips that attach the tent to he support frame were made of plastic and broke after the second use . -LRB- I own 2 of these tentcots and it only happened to one of them . The other has had no issues . -RRB- I 've seen some that have metal attachments so perhaps they 've fixed this issue . It 's worth looking into though . If you do get one with plastic clips you can always use zip ties to attach to the metal frame and they 'll work fine.Overall , a good product . I like it and highly recommend it . ***** Update ***** 4/30/11I had more of the plastic clips break -LRB- only on the 1 that broke before -RRB- . I believe the clips on this tentcot were just a bad batch . I contacted Kamp Rite directly and they immediately shipped out replacement clips even though I reported this problem several years after purchase . This company stands behind their product and is a a pleasure to do business with . You ca n't go wrong with Kamp Rite !!!
 Pros : - Easy to set up . - Two-person comfy as long as you each stay on your side of the center bar.Cons : - Incredibly stuffy -LRB- as in potentially dangerous IMHO -RRB- with the rain cover on . - A lot more bulky to travel with than similar-sized tents -LRB- which , to be fair , do n't have legs to stand on , but you should consider this in your packing requirements -RRB- .
 This rain cover for our kamp-kot is just the ticket for rainy days camping , or for a surprise night-time shower ! Nothing keeps you dry and comfy better than the rain cover made for this item . We tried using plastic sheeting before we ordered this , and enjoyed -LRB- not -RRB- soggy sleeping bags and pillows . No more !
 Wow - Nicest sleeping bag I have ever owned , or seen ! I have been looking for a good down 0 degree sleeping bag for a long time . I wanted the down for the compactness , and lightweight . I was hesitant to buy many of the other bags because their 0 degree ratings were not certified and certainly disputed online . I own a marmot Zeus jacket and absolutely love it so I was thrilled to find this on Ebay for a steal at 130 $ brand new . I got the bag a few days ago and slept out last night in the teens and was plenty warm in just the bag and my pajama pants and shirt . My friends were astounded to see that the bag fits in the included stuff sack about the size of a 2 liter bottle because when this bag is out an fully lofted it is huge!I love it - and would recommend it to anyone looking for a winter backpacking sleeping bag - it fits nicely in the sleeping bag compartment on my 64 liter backpack .
 This is a great sleeping bag for any type of weather -LRB- except maybe the middle of summer -RRB- . It has kept me warm on spring , fall , and winter backpacking trips . I 'm 6 ' and it is plenty long for me , even has a few extra inches of room . It is very comfortable to sleep in , not too tight around the shoulders . I would definitely recommend this bag .
 This thing is like being wrapped in a cloud from hell . You will rarely need it fully zipped and cinched in temperatures above 30 degrees .
 Gave this one to my husband a year and a half ago . He has not used it much for hiking , but it seem pretty light . But we have used it in camping in fairly cold weather -LRB- below 32F -RRB- , and it is so warm an comfy ! I have no complaints , but we might need to use it more to be able to give a real reveiw .
 Good pants , use for guard duty drill weekends . Best and lowest price I could find on internet . Received shipment very quickly after order . Exact specs and pattern as advertised . Highly recommend .
 This is a very solid pair of pants with pockets . If you are looking for BDU pants in woodland , you ca n't go wrong with these .
 tried to fit the pants via the size code but they were too bigbut since the vendor was great everything was in very good condition I will try again and order a pair that fit !
 Arrived early , ca n't go wrong with Rothco . Pants were perfect fit and were no visible defects . Sizes seem to be true to fit . Will work great for paint ball games .
 bought these for my bmx so I could get the rear tire straight and tight , these worked perfectly and very easy
 This tripod was a must out-west gave me the ability to my a 365 yd . shot with great confidence simple to use a must for stable shooting at long ranges great aid in walking the hills for a little added balance .
 Near 5star performance . The plastic retaining clips should be slightly stronger . Every other element of this product is outstanding . The length adjustment technology is quiet , reliable and quick .
 I bought these to replace my standard drop bars -LRB- 42 cm , same material -RRB- I got the 40cm because my shoulders are narrow , and they feel perfect . The bars are really cool because they are tighter and more compact -LRB- they do n't protrude out as much as normal bars -RRB- and the drops are closer to the rider . They are really light , as light as other aluminum bars . They have cable grooves on both sides of the bars . I put some Lizard Skinz on mine , and it pretty badass . I sawed 1.5 &#34; off each side , I thought they stuck out too far , and I never used that part of the bar . They look even cooler ! I recommend buying these , only $ 27 free ship . However mine got shipped with FedEx -LRB- not sure if FedEx sucks just in my town -LRB- SA TX -RRB- but it took them about 8 days to get here . -RRB-
 Nice drops for the price . I have no complaints , got them quickly , as advertised . I like the contour of the drops , comfortable hand position .
 not much else to say
 These handle bars are very light weight . They fit perfectly in my Origin8 stem and when I ride with them they feel really secure .
 I was skeptical about buying these because of the very low price tag . Now I do n't know what I was thinking because these bars are the beez kneez . They 're ultra light and ergonomic . They feel great , look great and are very sturdy . I put these bars on a Raleigh Retroglide beach cruiser that I customized into a cruiser/road bike hybrid . I put Lizard Skin grips on these and they 're super comfortable . Bottom line
 When I grabbed the package off the porch I did n't think there was anything in there ! I opened it and the handlebar set that was inside the box is super light , I was ecstatic . Compared to my 1965 Varsity handlebars , this thing is a major improvement . I know people out there like to keep their classic bikes original , but I like to go the utilitarian route , and make it look aesthetically appealing as well . When the cork bar tape gets here , along with my alloy wheels I ordered , I am going to put the bike all back together and ride for miles.The feel of the handlebars feels natural for me . Ca n't beat this price either .
 If you have an older 80 's to 90 's era road bike , it probably came with a size 37 or 40cm handlebars . Needing to feel more comfortable on my project race bike I swapped the old 3TT 's for these handlebars . The handlebars are really comfortable when riding on the hoods . Getting on the drops for long periods of time is difficult because of the way the drops are shaped . I found with these handlebars I initially lose speed on the downhills and have better acceleration/climbing ability as long as I am riding on my hoods . They also open my airway more and cause less cramping on my shoulders than the smaller handlebars . The handlebars are not very good at absorbing road shock . Even with Sram Supercork bar tape I still get numbness after 20 mile or more rides if I am not using my gloves . I would recommend this handle bar if you want a different riding style and you own two road bikes or do n't mind going back and forth between handlebars . If you are used to riding 42cm handlebars then stick with this size . Going to 44cm has changed my riding style on the bike completely . Something I do n't mind since the handlebars went on a project road bike that is a tad too big for me anyway . It now feels like I am riding a time trial bike rather than a race bike . I am even considering adding aerobars to them and just make this a triathlon bike .
 Sportsmans guide seems to carry items that are hard to find anywhere else . They are good to do business with that is why i have a membership .
 My backyard is only about 100 feet long . I can drive off a tee and not lose a ball over the fence . This means I can practice with any of my clubs in my backyard and have a good idea of how I 'm doing . The almostgolf brand feel better coming off the club and give a better representation of how I 've hit , but the almostgolf balls fly too far for my yard .
 I bought these to swing my clubs at the office . Not a big fan of hitting of on mats or hitting indoors , but compared to some of the other indoor practice balls , these have no risk of breaking anything . Great for kids too . - MountainGambler.com
 I just took delivery of a Kamp-Rite-Double-Tent Cot today and put it up a little while ago.In a word ... AWESOME !!! It is built like a tank . The tent has a rubber coating inside as does the carry bag . Nice heavy/smooth zippers on both the flaps and the screens . Nice big windows on both ends as well as doors on both sides so if sleeping two there is no crawling over each other to get in or out . It seems larger on the inside than the outside ! WELL WORTH THE MONEY in my opinion . No you ca n't stand up in it , but you CAN sit up . I bought it for `` one nighters '' where I arrive late to camp and would n't want to go through all the time , work and energy of setting up a regular tent when I plan to leave the next morning . After receiving it and checking it out , I do n't think I would mind camping a few nights in a row with it in one place also . It REALLY IS as simple as un-folding it and placing the two bow rods in the roof ! Only one small complaint/dislike ... There is a support bar running down the center from head to foot.This may only be on the Double model . It 's no big deal really if sleeping two and both stay on their own side ;--RRB- . I will be using a Coleman air mattress inside so I do n't think I will be able to tell the bar is even there . Overall I 'm IMPRESSED !
 i have used my double tent cot twice since purchased.it sets up easily and quickly and takes down the same way.it is very sturdy and there is ample room for two people.i especially like the new design with extra head room and for water run off.did i mention it is very comfortable with air mattresses.the military uses these so they must be durable.my only regret is i did n't have it twenty years ago , it would have been great.by the way buying from amazon.com was not only easy and quick but i saved some big bucks.i will buy from amazon.com again . thanks , diana
 I purchased 2 doubles and am extremely pleased with them . They are comfortable despite the support bar that runs down the middle . There has been a lot said about the bar , but it is no inconvenience at all . It essentially creates a seperate cot on each side of the bar . I use one side to sleep on and the other to stow gear . The tent itself is large enough for 2 people easily.The best part of the tent cot is the fact that you are up above the ground and it stays dry , warm -LRB- even in 20-30 degree temps -RRB- , and comfortable no matter where you set camp.The down side is the weight and size of the Tentcot when folded . For me it 's not an issue since I load it onto a boat and camp out on river sand bars . If you had to physically carry it for any distance however , it would quickly become a pain.As far as service is concerned I am overwhelmed by the assistance and support I received directly from Kamprite . When I received my cots one leg was broken while unpacking it from the container . I called Kamprite and they sent a replacement leg , free of charge , no questions asked . I would recommend this item for anyone who enjoys camping , wants to be comfortable , and does n't want to bring a huge amount of gear with them . -LRB- I recommend buying through Amazon since the shipping costs are very high if you use any other supplier . With Amazon it 's free ! -RRB-
 Purchased this tent and was extremely satisfied with the construction and overall performance . There is ample room for 2 . I am 6 ' 2 and my girlfriend is 5 '11 and no troubles sleeping . True , there is a bar in the middle that is under the built in sleeping pad but it really is not that bad . I did manage to break a clip that connects the tent to the support bar -LRB- completely my fault -RRB- . So I called Kamp-Rite when I got back from my trip and they answered the phone right away and not only did they send out a brand new replacement part they sent out two , just in case this ever happened again . All free of charge !
 I ordered the double for my husband & I for weekend camping trips . The bar down the center sticks up & is very uncomfortable to lay on . The length of the cot folded would not fit in my car . We planned on folding the back seats down & sliding in . We ended up strapping it to the roof most of the time . It is very easy to setup & we camped in horrible weather ... I 'm talking down poor from hurricane rains . . no we did n't have a hurricane , but we got some rain from it . The most it has ever `` leaked '' was about 1/4 cup @ one end w / the window . The rainflys are great quality . However , the rainfly would be better if there were another piece added as a small roof when getting in & out . We got soaked when we went to potty . Luckily I had dry clothes inside the tent & we managed to change in there . The 1st double we got was missing tent poles . Amazon quickly shipped out a 2nd one for us . Great customer service there ! The rainfly could also use 2 doors . . one on each side . It only has 1 door as of now . This is a huge problem if it is raining & the person on the other side wants to go to the restroom in the middle of the night ! Also , it gets very warm because there is no ventilation w / the rainfly on . . well 2 little window on the end . . not much help there ! As long as it is n't blistering heat when the rain comes thru you 'd be ok . We then purchased an oversized cot for 1 night trips . This was a wonderful item for us ! However , the clips that hold the `` tent '' part up broke on 1st use . My husband literally touched them w / 1 finger & they snapped in half ! At this point I felt this is the manuf . issue not Amazon & so contacted them . They were suppose to send out a replacement for me a week before Labor Day . I have still not gotten it & called yesterday 11/14/06 & was told they just `` got them in '' & would be sending it out next week . The problem here is that I could have sewn the clips on myself & the manuf . refused to send out `` parts '' . I can see this is going to be an issue for all of us that have one . There needs to be a way to order parts for these items . The oversized is barely large enough for my husband & I to sleep in , but we knew that before we ordered . I can tuck the oversized behind my seat in the car ! I sleep on my side & cuddle w / my hubby so it 's just big enough for the two of us . Keep in mind we do not exceed the weight limit , we 're close though . The smaller cot we got was just as well built . . same issues w / rainfly . In the oversized we had the rainfly off when a storm came thru , we dried it out & put the rainfly on ... we had the sides tide up w / sting . . & slept great ! That was on Labor Day weekend in NC . Overall , I 'd say I am very glad I bought these . We have used it as a recliner while out by the trout stocked creek & took a nap w / screen room over us ! The oversized is so much smaller & so light weight . For those thinking of getting one for hunting ... the oversized is wonderful ! The issue that I see w / the regular one is the top ... it is n't dome shaped , but flat on top . We have used the double cot @ least a half dozen times . . probably more -LRB- almost every week , or the oversized since spring up til Oct. -RRB- & it is still in great shape . For those of you wondering about putting in a mattress or foam pad for the bar in the center . . it does n't really work . We had a 4 '' pad in there & it 's still uncomfortable .
 Cabelas still carries the older style for 270 under their own brand . They include the rain fly in the price , so it is a pretty reasonable deal . The old style has a flat roof with a clear plastic window , instead of the windowless bowed roof . The trade-off is that it is easier to set up the old style since there 's no futzing with the roof bows , but it will puddle water on the roof in a rainstorm . Plus you can see the stars at night in the old style .
 The dimensions advertised are correct . It 's comfortable . But transportation of it is the problem . I have a full size car and this unit will not fit either in the back seat or the trunk . To use it I need to transport it with either my pickup truck or in a towed trailer . It 's folded size is my ownly problem . Otherwise , it 's good ... . quality material and workmanship .
 I bought mine with the rainfly , which worked fine . I did do a seam seal and used silicone spray on the tent cot after a few uses just to keep everything nice and dry , even though I never had a leak . Better to prevent , I say.Like others , I think it would have been an awesome product if they could make an incredibly sturdy no-see 'em roof and included the rainfly . That would help greatly with the condensation when you have to seal it up in stormy weather . I keep a small towel inside it for the condensation.If you seriously need instructions to set this thing up and can not figure it out with a little observation or some trying , then I do n't know how it is safe for you to camp alone . Really . Carry a sign so I know to stay a safe distance away.It 's big and heavy . Even folded it takes up a bunch of space in the back of a suburban . It 's not impossible to carry around but I only use it for camping excursions that are very close to the car.I use a firm mattress topper inside for comfort
 In the early 1970 's , I was stationed at the Coast Guard station at Yorktown , and departed regularly for patrols from the base . Setting sail down the York River to the Chesapeake and into the Atlantic was thrilling . Coming up the river for home , even more so . The sights viewed on the chart bring back many memories , including the 1976 Bicentennial Celebration -- highlighted by the Victory Center at Yorktown . The chart provides solid detail of the area , and is suitably framed and displayed in my family room . A wonderful product !
 There is no better line when using an open-face spinning reel for winter steelhead on the very cold Pacific coast streams .
 Bought the 4 lb . for my ultra light . Casts were outstanding , line my buddy up with his . He loved it . Gon na try the 8 and 10 lbs . for my others next season .
 This is an ultra handy knife from a great company . I removed the pocket clip , and it floats completely unnoticed in my front pocket . The steel is plenty hard , so it keeps a good edge . The S.A.T. mechanism -LRB- just a coil spring that flips the blade open with a flick of your thumb -RRB- helps make it the most convienient pocket knife I have EVER carried . always ready , always sharp , easy to clean -LRB- pocket lint and what not -RRB- . I 'll never touch another box cutter again .
 Though I 've been carrying my SOG Blink for quite a few years now , I did n't realize what a great knife it was until I lost mine last weekend . -LRB- Yes , that 's why I visited this website -- to order another one . -RRB- It is everthing a pocketknife should be
 I have more knives that any one person could ever want , need , and/or use . Why I do n't know . The wife says it 's boarder line OCD . Well maybe ? With that said - `` this is the one that makes it into my pocket every day '' . Super quality - holds a razor sharp edge , compact and super comfortable ! Need I say more ?
 All I have to say is wow . I own 2 SOG knives already and this one just makes me love them that much more . Great quality . Everything I could want in a smaller knife . Great price and 1 day shipping worked out great ! Im addicted I want more SOG knives .
 I had bought this knife as a replacement for a Gentleman SOG I 'd owned for nearly ten years which I 'd recently lost in a Taxi in Bangkok.Unlike a previous reviewer , I did not find the spring to be too strong . It takes some practice , but once you get the hang of opening the knife with your thumb opening is very easy and instant.In short , this is a great personal pocket knife at a reasonable price . I expect this knife to be my daily companion for the next ten years as well .
 These are amazing , I 'd be lost without it . I have had one of these since before they were pat pending . I was heratbroken when I lost it . So much so that I bought two more plus a `` twitch '' the SOG Knives could easily cost three times more and I 'd still buy them . I have since found the one I lost and have no intention fo parting with any of the new ones or the old one.Pay attention with these I ca n't tell you how sharp they are when new ! they sharpen just well even after years with a good stone . But they can cut you quick until you get the hang of them .
 For half a year I have been carrying a SOG with the same clip and method of deploy as the Blink . My SOG is quick to open and super sharp . I just stood with my arms hanging at my side , SOG knife clipped all the way down in my front pocket , and timed how long it took to pull the knife out and open it , ready to use . Two casual draws , 2 seconds each time . Buck is a good knife , I 'm not knocking it , but this ` tool nut ' either does n't know what he 's talking about in regards SOG or he has an agenda .
 Very nice quality product.for a good price . I would recommend these knives to anyone wanting a great everyday knife .
 Probably one of the best pocket knives out there.Light and easy to handle . Been using it often and it still holds an edge . Clip holds tight in your pocket .
 if you read this ... buy this knife . -LRB- the 30-40 first time you will use a SOG knife it will may be hard to open ... -RRB-
 Well , not the wrist really . But this is a great knife that IS REALLY easy to open with the right technique . I too , had trouble opening this knife to start with . And , like one reviewer , I have big strong hands . I was disappointed with my purchase and had almost given up . Then , I figured it out . I 'm right handed and I HAD been trying to push the thumb stud out to the left , away from the handle , because that 's the direction any reasonable person would expect it would need to go . This , as some disappointed reviewers could tell you , does NOT work . The `` trick '' is to put the top of your thumb BELOW the thumb stud just right of center at about the 5 o'clock position and push the thumb stud toward the 11 o'clock position - nearly straight away from your body , but slightly to the left . As long as none of your fingers are in the way , the blade will snap open almost effortlessly ! I could n't believe how easy it was.This is an attractive , well made , thin , lightweight pocket knife made with very decent AUS-8 steel that doubles as a money clip . I highly recommend it .
 This is my favorite knife . It is hard to open and the blade snaps loudly open -LRB- it sounds dangerous -RRB- , but once you get used to it it is just about perfect . It has a great feel in my hand . There is a blade lock which can lock open or closed . It comes out of the box razor sharp and looks to be easily sharpened . This knife will be replaced by another BBA-99 Blink if lost , no doubt . For a knife in the 30 dollar range it can not be beat .
 Typical outstanding SOG quality at an affordable price . This is the knife I carry in my pocket everyday being an executive . Razor sharp upon arrival and look forward to years of use . This is now my 4th SOG product .
 If you buy this knife , BBA-99 , you will fall in love with it . Go to sog.com and watch the short video on this product . It is just plain fun ! It 's only 1/10 inch thick and 2.1 oz . It is an assisted opening knife and snaps open with just a flick of your thumb . It has a lifetime warranty from SOG . The pocket clip lets it ride low in the pocket and can double as a money clip if you like . This is one Quality product .
 I highly recommend this knife , it opens smoothly and very quickly ! You ca n't go wrong with this brand name `` sharp '' knife .
 I have a few knives , but was looking for one that I could rely on every day at my office job instead of rotating other larger knives . I needed something a little less threatening looking for use in my office . I 've been using the Blink for months and it 's exactly what I needed . It 's slim and just the right length to carry in my slacks pants pocket . This blade opens just as fast as any automatic knife . It 's super fast and has a loud deploying snap also , probably one of the loudest snaps of all my knives . I sometimes use it as a money clip since its just the right size for it . It 's a little tough to close as it certainly takes two hands . The blade sharpness was excellent out of the box like most SOG knives . Highly recommended if you 're looking for something on the smaller side .
 I received the Blink as a birthday gift a few weeks ago and so far I 'm very pleased with it . An assisted opener , the knife deploys with a an authoritative click . -LRB- Caution . You 'll be playing with it all the time ! -RRB- I usually carry the excellent 1.2 OZ SOG Flash I as my EDC blade , but for one ounce more , the Blink is a much sturdier knife that will hold up to more strenuous tasks . Classified as a `` gentlemen 's knife '' it 's meant to also function as a money clip and that 's how I carry it in my pocket.There have been some comments that the knife is difficult to open with the thumb stud . When I took it out of the box , yes , the knife stuck a bit and the action was a bit gritty . But after snapping it open a hundred times , the action smoothed out nicely . The knife comes with a safety but I never use it . The action has enough resistance that I doubt it will open up by accident . I only use it if I pack it in a suitcase . The knife is very sharp out of the box and has a nice satin finished blade . I pair it with either a Fenix LD01 or Quark Mini X flashlight for my EDC . I highly recommend the Blink .
 I bought my Blink at a sporting goods store that was clearing out inventory from their display cases , so I got a great price for it . I originally bought it for a woodcarving knife , but the blade is too wide for that . It sat in my knife collection for a few months without much use , but I 've recently been carrying it a lot more . I do n't like carrying a large knife at work , but this one is the perfect size . It 's large enough to handle just about any cutting task , and it 's small enough that people look at it as more of a tool than a weapon . When I got it , the edge was pretty lackluster because it was a display knife , but after maybe twenty minutes on my Arkansas tri-hone , it took a razor edge . I strop it occasionally , and it stays sharp enough to shave hairs off my arm . The pocket clip is excellent and very secure . I really like the assisted-opening mechanism , especially compared to my Kershaw Leek . The Leek uses a torsion bar to open the blade , whereas the Blink uses a spring that 's coiled around the pivot point . I 've had to replace the torsion bar on my Kershaw about every two months , but the Blink 's spring is still going strong . I fidget with my knives , so it 's nice to be able to snap them open and closed repeatedly without having to worry about wearing out the parts . The wide pivot screw is useful when you 're reassembling the knife after cleaning , so you are n't hunting for your pivot screw . It also provides a bit of extra friction against the handle , helping to prevent the screw from loosening after repeated openings . There 's a blade safety on the spine of the knife behind the lock , but I never use it . This knife takes a nice push to open , so a safety is kind of pointless . Also , if I ever need to use it for self-defense , the last thing I want to have to do it fiddle with a knife safety . When you first get this knife , you might have some trouble opening it one-handed . There 's definitely a technique to it . Since this knife has no flipper that you can push , you have to use the thumb stud . This knife is excellent for EDC , especially when you 're around people who may be knife-shy . It takes a sharp edge and holds it . The assisted opening is very easy once you get the hang of it , and the pocket clip is secure and does n't expose much of the knife above the pocket . The gray-green and metallic silver colors of the knife blend in with most clothing and do n't draw attention to the fact that you 're carrying a knife . If you 're looking for a tactical or self-defense knife , this one might not be for you . If you 're looking for a good EDC knife , the Blink is a solid choice . It 's definitely worth the money .
 I 've owned a few SOGS including the seal pup and full sized Vulcan VL-03 . They 're great knives , but this is a perfect knife for every day carry/EDC . One review suggested that the spring is too strong . I disagree . I think it 's a perfect spring/assist deployment , and it 's not `` too hard '' to get it out . You just have to open it a few times so you know how much force you have to use . It locks up secure with 0 bladeplay and is held secure with the lock button on the back of the handle , next to the safety . It 's very thin width-wise and fits in the tiny pocket inside your right pocket in jeans , making it perfect for EDC . When I jog , the super light SOG Blink clips securely to the waistband of my shorts . When will I need a knife running ? Hopefully never , but it 's so lightweight and clips so secure that I 'd rather have it and not need it , rather than need it and not have it . Get yourself one . You wo n't be sorry .
 Could not be more happy with the Sog Blink it 's my new EDC knife . The spring loaded opener is awesome never fails to open . highly recommend this knife just for the fun of it .
 awesome banner ! i know the picture shows the canadiens , but the title and description says maple leafs . i contacted customer service and ordered it , and it is the canadiens banner as shown in the picture . very high quality and at a great price ! i would recommend it for any fan of the habs !
 I purchased this for a Secret Santa gift . It was a hit because it was of great quality at a very reasonable price !
 It 's floor tape ! It sticks , it 's visible and it does n't curl up ! Ca n't ask for more than that .
 I have ridden over 10,000 miles on three sets of these tires . They are rated for 100 psi but I have always put 110 psi in them . I weigh 260 pounds and I will never buy any other tire .
 Worth every penny !!! I 've ridden on these tires for nearly 15 years - they are much higher pressure than usually listed in catalogs and online - 100 PSI is no problem . They 're incredibly efficient and I 've never had a puncture . I 'm also a heavy rider and I rotate these -LRB- front < -- > rear -RRB- every few years but they wear like iron . I classify them as `` road only '' because the smooth profile does not give any real grip in lose sand , wet grass or other unstable off-road surfaces so if you 're looking for a dual-use tire you may want to pass these by . Recommended for commuters .
 Like other pads and helmets we 've owned , the helmet is put together well , the pads do their job fine , but the stretchy velcro is going to fail someday this summer . Not unlike every single other stretchy velcro strap out there . They get frayed and the velcro gets worn . You 're not going to find anything much better and besides they grow , right ?
 I ordered this thinking that the toddler helmet would be too small for my 34 month-old , but I should 've ordered a toddler size . It will be just fine in a year or two , so no real regrets about buying it .
 Thank you for getting the watch here so quickly . It 's a gift and I 'm glad I jumped on the deal when I did . Thanks !
 The jersey was what i was looking for . Now i can take my Godchild to a Yankees game .
 Nice way to keep your bottled beer cold while watching the game or hanging out with family and friends .
 Good pants , use for guard duty drill weekends . Best and lowest price I could find on internet . Received shipment very quickly after order . Exact specs and pattern as advertised . Highly recommend .
 This is a very solid pair of pants with pockets . If you are looking for BDU pants in woodland , you ca n't go wrong with these .
 tried to fit the pants via the size code but they were too bigbut since the vendor was great everything was in very good condition I will try again and order a pair that fit !
 Arrived early , ca n't go wrong with Rothco . Pants were perfect fit and were no visible defects . Sizes seem to be true to fit . Will work great for paint ball games .
 This chain ring met all my expectations . I would buy the same 1 again . It was light , sturdy and cheap .
 I ordered the helmet as a Christmas gift for a friend and was very pleased with the item it was of good quality and appeared as it was listed on the website . The delivery was timely and accurate . I would not hesitate to once again order from amazon .
 Exactly what we expected . Fast service . Would do business with again . Thank you .
 For a replica , this is as close as you can get to the real thing . I would highly recommend this item as a collectible , or as a gift .
 We bought this helmet for our 29 yr.old son who is a huge michigan fan . He absulutely loved it . The price was much lower thru this site rather than other sites . The only complaint was that it was a little smaller then we thought . He can bearly get it on , and he only weighs 150 lbs . Now we need to get him a glass case to show it off !
 I ordered this helmet for my nine year old son . he flipped out upon getting it for christmas . looks like the real thing , great color and paint . the only drawback is he can not wear it . I knew this so no big deal , maybe in a few years he can get one that he can wear .
 i love it its da real deal baby so get u one cause there the boom
 Good pants , use for guard duty drill weekends . Best and lowest price I could find on internet . Received shipment very quickly after order . Exact specs and pattern as advertised . Highly recommend .
 This is a very solid pair of pants with pockets . If you are looking for BDU pants in woodland , you ca n't go wrong with these .
 tried to fit the pants via the size code but they were too bigbut since the vendor was great everything was in very good condition I will try again and order a pair that fit !
 Arrived early , ca n't go wrong with Rothco . Pants were perfect fit and were no visible defects . Sizes seem to be true to fit . Will work great for paint ball games .
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 This is a sturdy mag holder . Adjustable . Works great with my Sig P239 .40 Cal . Works good for me .
 Great Mag holder . Fits well and is easily adjustable . Product is exactly what I was looking for . I use it for competition shooting and it is light and mounts well to the belt . Have not been disappointed by an Uncle Mike 's product yet !
 Good product . Holds the magazines in place well and has good adjust-ability for the retention . Secures nicely to the belt , no give .
 This magazine case is very sturdy and perfect for my 1911 magazines . It is adjustable to secure the magazines , and they will absolutely not fall out while running . Great quality , and the price is right too !
 Bought this to go with my Taurus 740 Slim . I have fitted it to the mags but have not yet got to use it . I plan on using it for CCW and some CCW Skill Development courses at my local range .
 My houseband is a fan . So he was very pleased with the quality and all the `` authentic stuff '' on it
 Good pants , use for guard duty drill weekends . Best and lowest price I could find on internet . Received shipment very quickly after order . Exact specs and pattern as advertised . Highly recommend .
 This is a very solid pair of pants with pockets . If you are looking for BDU pants in woodland , you ca n't go wrong with these .
 tried to fit the pants via the size code but they were too bigbut since the vendor was great everything was in very good condition I will try again and order a pair that fit !
 Arrived early , ca n't go wrong with Rothco . Pants were perfect fit and were no visible defects . Sizes seem to be true to fit . Will work great for paint ball games .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I purchased this for my 4 year old granddaughter.This is a great product , good value , excellent durability , perfect for the younger player.Shipping was fast.What they lack in the description was that it comes uninflated!Very important detail that was left out!Make sure you have a pump on hand .
 Great sweatshirt . Nice looking , fits well . Very comfortable . Perfect for going to gym , or for casual social occasions .
 I wanted a hoody fleece that keeps me warm and brings me comfort , this is the one . And the material looks and feel durable . This is a professional made hoody . I recomend this item .
 This is a great hoodie , and very comfortable . I have to try and keep my girlfriend from stealing it .
 I live in this sweatshirt . There might have been two days I have n't worn it sonce I bought it .
 How to review a sweatshirt ... I like Adidas fleece sweatshirts like this . They 've got good colors , do n't fade much if you wash them properly , and they 're stylish . Of this type , I picked up a vibrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away , and a grey one . The logo is n't overbearing ... it 's just enough to say it 's a good brand . But mroe than anything , this ... is ... so ... soft . With the fall and winter coming up , I 'm glad I have my fleece sweatshirts . Although ... technically there are others that are great too . But ... these are great cause ' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.And that is my review on this sweatshirt . It 's soft and warm ; perfect if you went to the gym for a work-out , showered , and want something soft for the way home .
 i love hoodies but i am very picky . they have to be perfect . i have many of them but my favorite was `` adidas '' so i went on and go this one . so far i am very happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit . He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he does n't get fleece fuzz in his hair .
 A great sweatshirt all around ! Had it a year and still holding up very well .
 Great construction and overall appearance . there 's some spandex added so it feels and better as a fit , material feels like it would last very long time . great sweatshirt .
 I bought this sweater back in 2008 and Im pleased to say it is still going strong . Its very very comfortable and durable ! This is definitely my favorite sweater !
 I hate flimsy sweatshirts . This one is heavy and solid , but not stiff . It is pretty expensive , but I bought it as a present . It is a very nice , plain , warm , sweatshirt .
 When buying any clothing I examine each one before purchasing the item . This item was mailed to me in flawless condition . I was amazed that there was no shrinkage after washing the hoddie on the hot cycle . This is my outdoor companion when I am shotting photography or taking a morning walk .
 I bought the sweatshirt on sale when it was around $ 17 . It is very comfortable as the material is soft and stretchable . The warmth it provides is only average but considering the price , it suffices .
 The hoodies were of fine quality . However , I ordered two different colors , but I received two of the same color .
 Cute and exactly what I was looking for . Slightly larger than I thought . Fun - not necessarily `` cool '' .
 What a deal !!! Went on a camping trip this weekend , and took this tent on it 's maiden voyage . We did n't take the tent out of the box till we got to the camp site . The only thing missing was a picture of the tent , which is always a good reference , when your trying to set one of these up for the first time . The directions are a little hard to understand at first , but once you lay everything out it 's a breeze . From start to finish it took me and the wife 10-15 minutes to set it up -LRB- no divorce papers needed -RRB- Roomy , the rooms on each side are big enough for 1 person each or two small children , so my wife and I took one side to ourselves with the room divider open w/queen size air mattress table and chairs in the middle and all of our gear . good ventilation no problem w/zippers all in all a great buy . and when we took it down , it actually fit back in the bag and shipping box it came in .
 Great sweatshirt . Nice looking , fits well . Very comfortable . Perfect for going to gym , or for casual social occasions .
 I wanted a hoody fleece that keeps me warm and brings me comfort , this is the one . And the material looks and feel durable . This is a professional made hoody . I recomend this item .
 This is a great hoodie , and very comfortable . I have to try and keep my girlfriend from stealing it .
 I live in this sweatshirt . There might have been two days I have n't worn it sonce I bought it .
 How to review a sweatshirt ... I like Adidas fleece sweatshirts like this . They 've got good colors , do n't fade much if you wash them properly , and they 're stylish . Of this type , I picked up a vibrant orange one which lets people see me from about 30 miles away , and a grey one . The logo is n't overbearing ... it 's just enough to say it 's a good brand . But mroe than anything , this ... is ... so ... soft . With the fall and winter coming up , I 'm glad I have my fleece sweatshirts . Although ... technically there are others that are great too . But ... these are great cause ' I also matched them perfectly with several Adidas headbands.And that is my review on this sweatshirt . It 's soft and warm ; perfect if you went to the gym for a work-out , showered , and want something soft for the way home .
 i love hoodies but i am very picky . they have to be perfect . i have many of them but my favorite was `` adidas '' so i went on and go this one . so far i am very happy with it .
 I bought this for my husband and he is satisfied with the quality and fit . He likes the fact that the hood is lined so he does n't get fleece fuzz in his hair .
 A great sweatshirt all around ! Had it a year and still holding up very well .
 Great construction and overall appearance . there 's some spandex added so it feels and better as a fit , material feels like it would last very long time . great sweatshirt .
 I bought this sweater back in 2008 and Im pleased to say it is still going strong . Its very very comfortable and durable ! This is definitely my favorite sweater !
 I hate flimsy sweatshirts . This one is heavy and solid , but not stiff . It is pretty expensive , but I bought it as a present . It is a very nice , plain , warm , sweatshirt .
 When buying any clothing I examine each one before purchasing the item . This item was mailed to me in flawless condition . I was amazed that there was no shrinkage after washing the hoddie on the hot cycle . This is my outdoor companion when I am shotting photography or taking a morning walk .
 I bought the sweatshirt on sale when it was around $ 17 . It is very comfortable as the material is soft and stretchable . The warmth it provides is only average but considering the price , it suffices .
 The hoodies were of fine quality . However , I ordered two different colors , but I received two of the same color .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 This case is absolutely perfect for what I needed . It holds one of my Keltec 's w / a scope and has plenty of room to spare . It has ample room for the magazines and a small pouch for some needed accessories .
 This is a great value for the price . It fits my M4 rifle fine and seems to be pretty well made . I have n't used the mag pouches which sit on the outside , preferring to keep them in mag pouches on my gear , but I suppose it works for carrying an extra load . Bottomline , it works and it 's a lot cheaper than other soft cases I 've seen out there . Also , shipping was fast which is always a plus .
 Good room , good looking case . Outer pockets would work well with magazines , not so much for loose shotgun shells -LRB- no fault of the design , the pockets are clearly for 20-30 round mags , for which I 'm sure they 'd be excellent -RRB- .
 I originally ordered the 40 '' case for my Mini 14 and it barely fit . If I had a scope on my rifle it 's would n't have fit so I send it back and exchanged for the 42 '' case.The case is well made with heavy duty zippers and velcro for the magazine pouches . The magazine pouch is way too big for 10 round magazines and I worry they they might fall out but I imagine a 30 round magazine would fit nicely .
 This case exceded my expectations on quality and durability . The zipper is very heavy duty as well as the padding on the interior . The digicam is incredible very nice job !
 It 's Awesome ! Great quality and it fits my AK-47 with Strike Force Kit . Also fit my M4 . I would buy ten of these , if I had ten guns .
 works perfect for my ak with red dot , , , , i love it , i can also put my 380 in mag pouch
 I have a one of these for my AR-15 and wanted another for my Winchester 94 . The construction is good . Heavy stitching and zippers work great . Both rifles fit great inside the case even with the scope mounted . I also like the extra storage pouches on the exterior . Fits AR-15 Mags and Boxes of 30/30 Cartridges . That being said the price makes these an extreme value .
 top quality and fits like a glove to protect my AR . good construction and good nmaterials . I have been telling my friens to buy one .
 Good material and a fair price . Do n't let the price fool you it 's a good rifle bag . Would buy another .
 Love the case . Exactly what I hoped it would be . Good strong material and zipper . Wish it had holes on the zippers to put a lock in but that 's not enough to dock it a star . Solid Solid Solid . I love it . Fit my scoped Bushmaster Ar-15 Patrolman very nicely -LRB- took off carry handle for scope -RRB- . Bought the 36 &#34; x13 &#34; and is just right for a compact fit . WSsports shipped super fast ordered early morning on a Wednesday like 2am and by friday I had it in Los Angeles . All around tip top solid soft case .
 Does its job and seems to be holding up very well . Bought 2 others when I bought this one so got in on a very good deal .
 Most compact case I could find for my scoped tactical rifle with collapsible stock . Ultra-nice padding inside case , five pockets on outside will store 20rd mags , but NOT 30rd mags ... too tall for fold-over velcro cover !
 It 's a quality product , I ca n't believe how fast it got here . it was just the right size for my gun
 Sz is as stated , Quality good , Fits the scoped rifle , clips n Ammo . It arrived by the date promised . Great price .
 fits good a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a nice df asdf as
 Not too much to say , but that it 's plain and simple . It does what we need it to do ... very pleased with how quickly it arrived .
 It fits AR perfect with plenty of room for a scope . Padding is thick and nylon shell seems sturdy . Great buy .
 Wow this is really a pretty cool case . Fits my Remington 597 VTR with the scope and bipod and my AR M&P 15 perfect . I am buying another one in black . The camo pattern is slick . Just a great case overall . I got the 36 &#34; , any smaller would be too small for most rifles .
 NCSTAR delivers quality and best value in this well padded gun case . I ordered a 38 '' length to hold my 36 '' rifle and recommend the same 2 inch allowance for others . the case has tough metal zippers , soft padding inside and room for spare magazines . It also has sufficient height for and AR with scope . well done , NCSTAR !
 Very solid case . Nice thick padding . Good solid zippers -LRB- a heavily underrated item -RRB- . Bought this for my daughter 's ar . Gave her my midwayusa and stole this one -LRB- I 'm a bad father -RRB- .
 I bought this gun case to transport my M1 .30 cal carbine/w red dot scope to the range and it fit 's great . The case is very nicely padded , has 5 side pockets for ammo clips and is very well made . Zipper seam to be pretty good also . For the money this case is a very good buy ...
 Same case at my local gun store/shooting range cost 60 this cost me 19 no tax or shipping . great case and fits my bushmaster m4 e2s like a glove with a grip light and reflex scope on top of my gun great buy could n't be happier
 Bought this case a few weeks ago , great case for the price , feels heavy duty . Fits full size rifle no problem .
 I was looking for an inexpensive case to transport my rifles to/from the range . I was unsure about the possibility that the digital camo would look `` cheap '' but I was very impressed when I received this . Digital Camo looks great , and this bag seems to be well made . I am very happy with my purchase and will purchase more for other rifles . Fits AR-15 very easily .
 Nice padding and great design . Looks amazing compared to the picture . Shoulder strap hurts the should due to the metal links but i consider the shoulder strap a bonus because some of the other bags do not have should straps and cost more .
 It is what is is and it does what it does . Nothin fancy , just a good solid case with ample padding and solid velcro and zippers . My ak will fit in there with the foregrip , laser , and red dot as long as you have a collapsible stock . I got what I paid for and I dont need more . Great product .
 Like it fits my AK very well . Holds 5 mags . Good . I will buy one in Black when I get an M4 soon . Good Price , Good Product . Basic and Sturdy . I would recommend this for sure to anyone who has an assault rifle . Give it a try .
 I received this case yesterday and honestly could n't be happier for the price!Seems very well constructed and thick padding is nice as it seems this will protect my new gun very well!I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a tactical type of bag without spending lots of money .
 The bag holds my Airsoft M4 and extra magazines perfectly . a great buy for anyone looking for a decent bag .
 The quality of the case is excellent and I would expect to have paid much more . Its padded and large enough to fit a tactical rifle with accessories . I was expecting something cheaper . Will see how it holds up in the rear of the pickup and at the range . For the $ its a deal .
 great value sturdy , heavy duty material plenty of storage -LRB- 5 mag pouches -RRB- plus shoulder strap and carry handle . the only downside to this is they made one flap for all the mag pouches this should have been individual flaps , other that that well worth the 17 dollars fits my AK snuggly
 Bought this as a gift for my father to use with his Mossberg 500 . Fits great and looks great ! Very pleased with the case and price !
 The case is very well made and has ample padding . Side pockets are roomy . Has a heavy duty zipper . I use it for a Marlin Model 60 .22 with a 3 X 9 variable scope . The case is big enough for the scope with no problem , but I wish it was a little longer . I got the 40 '' case and the gun fits lengthwise but there is not a lot of room . As usual buying from Amazon was a great experience . Great price , nice selections , and speedy delivery .
 i really like this bag , best one for the money for sure ! quality material , zipper , sling , handle , padding ... A + range bag !
 Fits my 10/22 ruger with tapco stock PERFECTLY . Plenty of cushion and the side pockets are great . For the money , I could not be happier . It came folded up within it self and looked like a pistol case at first but unpacking it , I was pleasently surprised . Perfect case !
 Rifle case is exactly what I was looking for . It looks very well made with excellent padding . Very pleased with my purchase .
 Great case for the price . Protects and makes it easy to carry with extras and reasonably priced .
 My AR-15 , 16 inch barrel , with collapsible stock fits nicely within this case . As has been said this is not a shipping , hard case . It 's a local case for transport in your trunk of your car to the local range . For the money a good deal .
 Better than expected , thought the price would reflect on the quality but i was wrong . great product , great price . Doug
 I read the reviews and was a little skeptical , hear a lot of bad stuff about ncstar products , but i imagine they have this made elsewhere and stick their name on it . For the price you cant beat it , its only twice as much as a slim rifle case without any pockets . The picture in the description is slightly different than the one i got . ordered camo , its a off pattern of digital army , but not too bad . also the trim was not black , but more olive/foliage in nature . not loaded it up yet but before you buy take a look they offer several sizes , just as separate listings . in case you want smaller or bigger . One other thing to note is , the flap for the pockets opens and gives you access to all pockets at once , just keep that in mind when you open it so nothing falls out due to gravity . its more than enough for airsoft , and seems fine for rifles . once i use it a few times ill see if it holds up , but it feels sturdy enough for what it is .
 Love the case . Perfect for trips to & from the range . It is a little short for 36 '' . My AR with optics will not fit inside the case . I still LOVE the case ; I just order another size
 For the money you ca n't beat it . I have an AR-15 and my rifle fits in it just fine . Do n't get suckered and buy a $ 50 case . This is well worth the money . I think you will be pleased !
 This product was half of what most retail stores charge . It is padded on the inside to protect a scope . This is a great case for carrying to and from the range or for storing in a closet or under the bed . I dont know that I would want to throw it behind the seat of my truck and forget about it , but it is definetly a nice quality soft case for an excellent price . Fits an m-4 with a 3-9 x 40 scope nicley and the 5 outter magazine pockets are a nice feature .
 Got this bag for my Arsenal SGL21 AK-47 . Fits perfectly . Interior lining is soft and has a thick foam insert to protect your rifle from bumps and bruises . 5 pockets for large magazines . I have a Bulgarian 30 round mag that fits a bit crooked in the pocket due to the curving of the mag , but with a little bit of wiggle to one side , the velcro covers comes down easily . Very happy for the price !!!
 This case is a great choice for full sized rifles , providing good protection at a reasonable price . The case is large enough for AR-15s -LRB- 16 '' barrel with collapsible stock -RRB- and AK-47s , fitting either with room to spare . This is well made with good quality materials , strong zippers , and is nicely padded without being too bulky . There are five large magazine pockets on the side that can hold 30rd AR or AK mags and are covered with a large Velcro secured flap but would have preferred individual covers . The case also has good carrying handles and a shoulder strap.This is a real value for what you get!Highly Recommended!CFH
 I use this to carry and store my Rock River Entry Tactical . The weapon fits in the case easily without being too tight or loose . The use magpul Pmags that fit in the mag sections very well and the flap holds them securely . The strap is plenty long for shoulder carrying but does not have any padding so if have a heavier weapon extended carrying might become painful . It is an excellent case for the money
 This is exactly what I needed and expected . Arrived fast and in perfect condition . This is a very well made product .
 After searching far and wide for a gun case for my unique shotgun , it seems that this case has finally fit the bill . I own a Remington Police Magnum , with the 18in barrel , sure that is not hard to find , but I have on it the original Remington `` For Law Enforcement Only '' top folding pistol grip stock , and finding a case not to large , but large enough to fit this gun was a problem . This case is a perfect fit . The gun fits in it with not much room to spare . The only thing is the case is n't what I expected , as it is not shaped , just square , and has no outside pockets . I can live with it . It has a strap to carry on the back , which is pretty cool . Very tactical looking . The padding is pretty nice , and seems like it will protect the gun well enough around the house and back and forth to the range . The quality seems fine , and from the 2 days Ive had the case it looks like it will hold up to the normal wear I plan on putting it through .
 This case is the perfect length for my SIG 556 with telescoping stock and there is plenty of room for various optics . It 's well padded and the construction seems good so it 's tough to beat for the price .
 I bought this for my Marlin 60 that has a large scope . Fits perfectly and the thick padding protects it very nicely . I was told value equals quality and features divided by the price . I can not even find another gun case that comes close to the value of this product .
 The fit for my Marlin Glenfield was just right . Not too long or too short and the scope was easily snuggled right in . A great item for the price . I 'd buy another . The extra pockets on the outside are a well thought out add-on .
 This case is a good fit for the Crosman 1377 with an added custom stock.You can also add a scope and the case will still fit ...
 This 36 inch long by 13 inch high works great with my m-4 carbine also holds 5 30 round mags I recommend this product good price great for the range .
 This case has worked great for me . It has lots out pouches on the outside , so you can put magazines or just boxes of ammo in them . The only trouble i had with the case is when i have the forearm grip on my AR it does n't fit as nicely . Overall for the price this is a great case .
 Great rifle bag . Fits my AK47 perfectly with room to spare . I have my side rail and red dot on top with no clearence issues . Mag pouches fit 1 AK 30rd mag each . Prob could fit 2 .556 in each no prob .
 I gun case arrived and I was pleasently surprised that my 20 '' barrel , full sized AR15 fit with scope and handgrip , tri-pod conversion piece attached . I simple had to put the AR15 in backwards so the widest point was lined up with the fat portion of the gun case where the but of the weapon would normally be positioned . The case does run alittle small so make sure you order 2 '' longer than you actually need so the AR15 will fit with the additional eqipment still attached . Great price for what you get .
 Fits an HK MP5 or GSG 522 perfect , with plenty of room for any size scope . Very durable case . Side pouches are big enough to carry compact handguns also . Ca n't beat the price . Love it !!!!
 great job ! here fast , looks great , fits my shotgun great , shipped fast , i have no complaints . i would recommend if u need something nice and sturdy to take guns w / you
 This case was the best value i could find on amazon . The case is made verry nice , better than the allen brand you can get at walmart . Im very pleased with the product .
 decent case . well constructed for my use . i keep an AR-15 type .22 in it , and i even managed to fit my tactical short barreled shotgun in it at the same time last time i went to the range . well worth the investment .
 Fit my new hi-point 995 the 36 '' fit perfectly . But just barely . The bigger calibers wo n't fit . For the price , a great deal .
 This is being used for my M10 762 AK-47 . It is a nice quality product with good zippers and 4 mag pouches on the side . The sling is a good addition to it as well for transporting rifle to and from . I would recommend this to all my friends and family .
 I purchased the VISM by NcStar Gun Case -LRB- 38 `` L X 13 `` H -RRB- / Black -LRB- CV2907-38 -RRB- for my Sig522 . The 38 '' is the right size for the Sig522 . It 's well make bag for the price .
 nice bag , butt the 32 inch bag is diffrent from the pic , its 32 in by 10 in squired , not angled like pic and it has no magazine packets , but still not bad
 I bought this case for my Homebuilt AR . It is replacing an Allen Case that doesnt have near enough padding . The old case wasnt bad but this case is in a different ballpark . The material is heavier , the padding thicker . I really like the single flap for all of the magazine pouches plus the fact there are 5 of them and they are larger . I would recommend this case to anyone .
 Im new to the gun world but this rifle bag has a thick/tough zipper , 5 pockets for mags , and its a hell of a bargin . Id buy it again for sure so dont let the low price fool you , this is NOT a low quality item . My first AR will have a nice carrying home !
 Great case - tall enough to fit my Ruger 10/22 with pistol grip and 1 '' scope mounted . Measured exactly the length specified in the listing and fits perfectly .
 I bought this to transport my marlin 795 to the range and it does exactly that . It just fits a Marlin 795 in terms of length . Quality of the case seems really good and solid , but only time will tell -LRB- I 'll update after couple trips to the range -RRB- . I love the side pockets , using it to store spare parts and extra magazine .
 I was looking for a tight-fit case for a browning lever action .22 with 3x9 scope , and for a marlin .22 auto with bipod and tactical look-thru red dot scope . These .22 s are the same length as a .22 Ruger carbine semi-auto . Ordered one , fit the Browning perfectly , offers basic padded protection , a handle and a shoulder strap and a bunch of pockets closed by a single flap . For $ 19 it is perfect and just what I was looking for to keep the wood from getting dinged . Ordered a second for the Marlin and despite the bipod and red-dot scope , still ` just ' fits . I like the close fit -LRB- no slop -RRB- and the way they carry.In summary , totally happy with this purchase .
 This case is a great choice for shorter rifles , providing good protection at a reasonable price . The case is large enough for an AR-15 with a 16 '' barrel with adjustable stock fully retracted , with no room to spare.This is well made with good quality materials , strong zippers , and is nicely padded without being too bulky . There are five large magazine pockets on the side that can hold 30rd AR mags and are covered with a large Velcro secured flap , but would have preferred individual covers . The case also has good carrying handles and a shoulder strap.This is a real value for what you get!Highly Recommended ! For those needing a larger case , Gun Case -LRB- 40 `` L X 13 `` H -RRB- / BlackCFH
 I had originally purchased this case in the 40 '' length with the intention of buying a Ruger 10/22 for it -LRB- and customer reviews said a 10/22 would fit a 40 '' case -RRB- , but a sudden deal on a 597 popped up and I bought that instead . Fortunately , the case at 40 '' is just long enough for a 597 . As for the case itself , it 's cheap and does its job ... not much else to say .
 Great case for the price my M1 carbine fit very snug but my fault for not measuring it before i ordered great quality and shipped fast !!!
 Yes , this item works . Good quality zipper and fits my High Point 995 well . It has a couple of inches to spare , so would hold the weapon even with the compensator if one were installed .
 When searching for a carring case i was worried about the quality of this one , but after i recieved it in the mail i was beyond satisfied ! Foam on the inside , is nice and thick with will protect your weapon , the outside -LRB- digital camo -RRB- made of sturdy material , and the zippers are made for heavy use . Highly recommend this to anyone
 I am glad I bought this bag , it has lots of room , and lots of pockets to store accessories . I am thinking about buying another as the price is unbeatable !
 This will my second case like this , Functioned great , holds up great , no problems !! I like the one large mag flap .
 Nice product , good fit on my Remington Model 597 , plenty of room for scope , handy pockets for lots of ammo .
 Recieved these bags ahead of time and I must say that they are very stylish and tactical . Picked up 2 of the 42 &#34; black cases for an AR and AK -LRB- shorter bags should still fit your rifles , only bought 42 &#34; in case future rifles are longer -RRB- and both rifles fit amazingly even with front foregrips attached to the rails . Dick 's Sporting Goods was selling these for literally double the price . Also love the five pockets on the side for mags , very convenient ! Thanks .
 Well the price is right , and the product is very well made . Tough outside fabric with a nice soft thick padded inside . I bought the 38 &#34; for my AR-15 and have plenty of room for the Tapco foregrip for the width and the stock can even be at the 3rd locking position from the reciever with room to fit . Unfortunately I doubt that it will fit in there with an optic mounted to it , but that is no biggy to me . The 5 mag pouches fit my P-Mags perfectly , It would be nice if there were more pockets for more stuff but whatever , it was $ 25 , I have nothing at all to complain about with this case . The handles , stitching , padding , mag pouches , velcro , everything is tough enough for my kind of use and it holds my rifle extremely well . Now I will note that my case did not come with the black outlining and carry handles , it is all solid digital camo . This case is awesome .
 Very good product . If you 're looking for a good carry case for your shotgun or rifle this is the answer .
 For starters the bag is a heavier , almost cordua-ish nylon , is definitely black , not grey and more substantial than the stock photo suggests . Dual zipper pulls for closing either direction . The outer pockets hold a 30 rnd AR mag with plenty of room to spare . The shoulder strap hardware is metal , not chintzy plastic . Pleasantly surprised buy the quality for the price . Time will tell how well it holds up .
 I was going for the price point more than anything else but ended up loving it for the features . So far no quality problems and the quality of the soft material on the internal padding belies the low price . Sized it to fit the collapsing stock carbine I 've got and it fits it like a glove .
 Coold ` nt be happier with this purchase . Well padded with ample storage pockets and shoulder strap at half the price of comparable cases .
 Good case . Shipped quick . Fit m & p 15-22 great with laser/light , fore-grip . well built like it was one I had from the military .
 Wow this bag is inexpensive ! Note I did n't say cheap , the quality looks good especially for the price . I use this for my Smith & Wesson M&P 15-22 with the stock down and it works great . It has plenty of room to keep my red dot sight installed . The clip fits in the side pocket . It looks cool . I 'd recommend this bag .
 I was very pleased with this Gun Case . I bought the 42 inch which was slightly more than I need for my Smith and Wesson M&P 15 Sport . The cammo pattern actually was different than the picture shown . It came in with an ACU camouflage which is actually my preference . The case appears to be sturdy and well made . The stitching , zippers , strap and hardware are good for the price paid . This is a great case for the value driven gun enthusiasts who just need a economical way to get their weapon to and from the range .
 I purchased this item for a BT TM-15 paintball marker . I wanted a protective case without having to spend a ton of money and this was a great buy . I used the 36 '' length and it was a perfect size for the TM-15 . I also have the 32 '' size for a different marker , but it was too small for the TM-15 so I went the 36 '' one and it works perfectly . It is sturdy and well padded , offers 4 magazine pockets on the side that I can use to store extra gear , and it came at a reasonable price . Definitely recommended .
 I use it for my Remmington 870 6 +1 12 gauge with a pistol grip . Works great , has adequate padding , and is easy to carry with the shoulder strap .
 I bought this in May of 2011 for an AR with a collapsible stock , knowing I was getting what I paid for . I only used it to take the rifle to and from the range and it has held up better than I expected . I would not expect it to last long if it was being used every day -LRB- for instance if a Law Enforcement Officer had to transfer their weapon from their patrol car daily -RRB- but I would have purchased a different case if I needed that .
 This case is great ! - Thick foam padding on the sides AND bottom to protect your rifle-Five handy magazine pouches that close securely behind a velcro panel-A big , metal , double-zipper to keep the main compartment closed up-Metal buckles and D-rings to secure the shoulder strapI ca n't find anything wrong with this case , and you definitely ca n't argue with the price . I bought the 36 '' and it cost me less than 20 bucks ! I 'm very satisfied with this case .
 Being a soft-sided case one must treat it more gingerly than you would a hard case . That being said , I 'm really a fan of this - I was able to fit my Ruger 10/22 in it without issue -LRB- 40 '' case length , no optics attached -RRB- and I feel the construction and materials are solid . Thick velcro secures the outer pocket closed , meaning even heavy items wo n't cause it to open out of turn . I 'm pleased with the purchase , and for less than 20 dollars you ca n't beat it !
 I ordered two - one for a 10/22 with a folding stock . Another was for an SKS Paratrooper with a Tapco 5 position stock.Both fit great . This would probably be too short for a standard length SKS . The muzzle brake I have on my 10/22 also would make it too long to carry with the stock extended.My M-4 carbine would fit as well . This would probably be good for a variety of military style carbines under 36 '' long.Seems to be sturdy and well made . The mag pockets on the outside are handy , too.If you have a short rifle with high capacity mags and do n't want to spend a ridiculous amount of money on a `` name brand '' case , this is for you .
 My AR rifle case was not very expensive but when I receive it , I was very surprise with the quality , a 100 % perfect . Thanks to Amazon I got the best price . '' -LRB- * & iquest ;*-RRB- `` stinger ''
 This case is exactly as described and it 's exactly how I hoped . I like the pockets . I would recommend it . Only thing I would suggest is that if you are deciding between sizes , go one up because the interior of the case is slightly smaller than listed . But other than that , it 's great . I got the 38 '' and my Smith and Wesson M&P 15 sport still fit into it with a scope on a riser mount still attached and the stock fully extended .
 I received this case for my DPMS 16 inch barrel flat top AR15 with an ACOG , it fits perfect inside -LRB- no magazine in rifle -RRB- and did come with te magazine pouches , the padding on this case is great ! It 's not like a normal cheap rifle case , it 's actually padded . I would recommend this case to anyone .
 I was somewhat hesitant about the quality of this case because of the price but I was pleasantly surprised when I received it . It was far superior than a case I recently purchased that was twice the cost . I highly recommend this case .
 This case is fantastic for transporting a rifle . Is it constructed to hold up to abuse in a warzone ? No . Will it do just fine for a casual shooter ? Most definitely.I have an AR-15 with rail mounted light and an EOtech and it fits in the case extremely well . Measure your rifle and get the size of case that is just a few inches longer . You do n't want to have an over sized bag . The 38 '' works well with my M4 . The mag pouches on the outside are great too . They work as expected.Don ' t spend a ton of money on a rifle bag/case if all you 're buying it for is to take your rifle to the range and back home . This one will suit your needs . Spend the extra money on ammo instead.Thanks for reading , SAFE SHOOTING
 I purchased this gun case to protect my new Colt AR-15 . The shipping was fast and the product was an excellent purchase . Itis extreamely heavy duty material and so are the double zippers . It offers excellent protection for my weapon . The fiveoutside covered pouches offer room for extra magazines and cleaning materials . For the price , you ca n't beat it ! If you careabout your gun , this is the case for you . I am very happy with my purchase and highly recommend it .
 The photo does n't do this case justice . I was a little sceptical at first , but when I received the case I was glad I ordered it . This case is a quality case with a nice amount of padding . I 've spent more money for less of case in the past and I will most likely be buying more of these even for my none AR type guns . What you probably do n't see is that this case also comes with a quick detach shoulder sling . My AR and 30 rd Pmags fit well and I am very pleased . You ca n't go wrong here . Buy with confidence .
 The case came in the time promised and fits my weapon very well . Would tell my friends about this experience .
 Great case . Right size for AR -LRB- tho red dot sight on top does not fit -RRB- and individual pouches on side ideal for clips , accessories .
 I ordered this for my airsoft rifle and its great ! , very good quality and good for the money . It fits perfectly for my Stinger R34 and I was able to fit my M188 Pistol in there too . I used the pockets for magazines , cleaning gear , and tools . I would recommend this for anybody who wants a affordable case
 I got this case just because it was cheap , and could get me by until I can afford the case I really want . I figured it would be fine for now , and can be used on any different weapon I may need a case for in the future . Thats exactly what it is , `` a temp bag '' . It is way to long for my AR , but thats okay . The 5 pockets on the side hole PMAG 's perfectly , and many other things you may need to put there . It seems very sturdy , so do the zippers , and it seems to hold weight with no prob . The shoulder strap on the bottom is short , and feels like its going to ripe at any moment . Overall the bag is fine , and I do not regret my purchase at all .
 I needed a case for my AR15 and the 38 '' works perfect . The magazine pockets on the side are great . I 'm glad I bought this case rather than a more expensive one .
 This is a good bag for the price . It easily fits my mini-14 tactial with no problem . If i leave my scope mounted , its becomes a very tight fit though . Do not purchase this bag if you are a little clumsy or handle your firearms on the rough side . The padding is good but not great . Again this is a good bag , FOR THE PRICE . If your looking for something cheap that has good quality , look no further .
 I have the 40 '' ACU version and it is fantastic . Holds 5 pmags solidly slung over my back while out hunting . It hold my scoped AR 15 with almost too much room to spare . It wo n't hold an AR with a VFG , but that should be expected from this type of bag . Honestly if you buttstock is collapsible , you might want the 38 '' ; just my $ .02 , as this is really roomy.Friends keep asking where I got it , and I am redirecting them here . All my carbines will have one of these cases . They are the best !
 I bought this as a gift for my father in law to hold his AK47 . I thought it was a great bag for the price . The black border was not on it like the photo shows so it actually looks better than I thought . I 'm thinking about getting one for my AR15 .
 While at the range the only difference I saw between my gun case and the others was the price . My friends paid twice the amount for their cases .
 This case was already a good price at $ 19 add in free shipping and in my opinon this is a steal . Nice thick padding and strong stitching .
 This is a great case for the money . It seems to be of good quality , and it fits my Sig 522 carbine like a glove -LRB- i.e. just long enough -RRB- .
 This case arrived today and I have to say I am more then impressed with it 's value for the $ $ . I ordered the 42 '' and it fits my M16 A2 size AR15 like a glove . The pockets are the correct size for the magazines and I like the single flap that covers all 5 pockets . Also , the padding is just as I wanted ... . not so thick that it adds excessive bulk in my trunk and not so thin that I do n't feel my rifle is n't protected reasonably well . Fantastic deal and the shipping was warp speed .
 I can fit my scoped Mini-30 with no problem . Pretty solid and the inside did n't melt or burn when I put the rifle in it with a hot barrel -LRB- the material made me think that was an issue but apparently it was n't -RRB- . Looks like I should get many years out of it .
 You ca n't beat it for $ 19 . I have my Remington 870 with 18 '' barrel , extended feed tube and KickLite collapsible butt stock . It fits just right .
 My Ruger 10/22 with ArchAngel stock and 16 '' barrel fits perfectly in this case , and plenty of room for the red dot sight . Pockets on the side are just right for carrying extra mags to the range.I will definitely be getting more of these for my other long guns .
 Case is well made and constructed with durable handles and zipper . Good cushion and decent outside pockets . Just what I was looking for to store my AR-15 style 22 tactical .
 I got this for my AR-15 , glad I went with the 38 in , the weapon fits with some room to spare , stock must be fully collapsed , if you have a magazine in it still fits which is a plus . The exterior pockets are good for carrying extra mags . Great buy - highly recommend .
 For the price , this is a good rifle case . Fits my Romanian AK-47 just fine with room for a scope and other tactical add-ons . As noted in other reviews , the magazine sleeves on the outside are a bit short for 30 round clips , but are still functional .
 Fantastic bag for the money . I bought the 38 '' long bag and use it for my M4-style AR . With the stock collapsed to minimal , even with a scope mounted on top of the carry handle , it fits perfectly . The bag comes with a couple pockets on the side which are great for putting magazines , ammo , or other range equipment into , and the Velcro flaps that covers them does a fine job of keeping things from falling out . The padding is adequate for what I expected on a rifle bag . It 'll keep it from getting banged up , but this is n't 3 '' memory foam , so be reasonable with your expectations and you 'll be very pleased with this purchase .
 Cheap and basic . Does come with the pockets shown in the picture , is easy to carry around . I got this for my M4 , the 38 '' , probably could have gone one size smaller , but with this I am able to easily fit the gun with the stock fully extended . Good purchase , would recommend this to anyone .
 What I needed
 I bought the 36 '' black version for my ar15 with 16 '' barrel and adjustable Magpul MOE buttstock . With the buttstock adjusted to the shortest setting and the magazine removed , the rifle fits great with approximately two inches to spare . The magazine can be stored in one of the 5 pouches on the front of the case . I 'm not running any additional optics , but it looks like the case can accommodate a moderately sized rifle scope attached to the ar15 as well . Do n't be fooled by the low price ; this is a quality built simple case .
 I purchased this case because the range I go to requires a gun to be in the case until you are on the firing line . This case works perfectly , and it can hold all of my magazines as well . This was a great quality case at a low cost . I was happy with this purchase , and I will be purchasing more in the future .
 Nothing to complain about . The case seems well made and the price through Amazon with prime was amazing . Very happy .
 This is a good case , heavy duty zipper , good padding protects my rifle for a trip to the range . I will buy more .
 Perfect for holding my AR with scope . Lots of room in this case . Well made all the way around , inside and out .
 I give this Gun Case a 4 Star because the price ca n't be beat.I 've checked 3 local gun retailers and they ca n't even come close . $ 25-35 more . I would however watch when zipping and un-zipping as I can tell after only 1 weekend that if you do n't you 'll ruin the zipper quickly . I 'm a US Marine and know that if you take care of your equipment it 'll take care of you . I 'd highly recommend this product .
 Got it for the fathet-in-law for Christmas . he seems to like it for his Ruger 10-22 SR. it fits well and holds his magazines .
 I bought this for my scoped AR which did n't seem to fit snugly into any other soft case that I can find at the stores . For me , the hard cases are too large and cumbersome having to lay them out on say a tailgate or floor to get into them . I also like being able to throw the gun down on top of the soft case when switching between guns while targeting . This soft case seems to have adequate padding , and most importantly the gun does n't &#34; flop &#34; around inside the bag . The gun fits great
 This is a good soft case . Pockets hold stuff the padding is good . The stitching is good . The case is a great value for the money . There is n't much more you could ask for from a soft case .
 This bag fits my FS2000 -LRB- with optics and sling -RRB- like a glove . Nicely padded and sturdy . Heavy duty zipper and velcro . A great purchase .
 its cool nice color High quality , good price , These are the reasons that like it , I hope that you like my review
 I purchased this case for one of my rifles . It is absolutely outstanding . Suffice it to say that I use this in a professional capacity and the case is top notch . The construction is very nice and the inside is padded well to protect a quality rifle . I would DEFINITELY recommend this product .
 I purchased the 40 inch version of this case in black for my Romanian WASR 10/63 which fit perfect inside the case . -LRB- Always factor in 2 inches of additional length for any case to accomodate your weapon properly -RRB- The reason I purchased this case is because my WASR has the Promag high rise side rail scope mount and did not want a hard case which was not wide enough without incurring an additional cost and simply dedicated to my rifle with the scope one it and not having to remove it . The package arrived in a few days and is heavy duty with the compartments being spacious for the magazines and accessories.It does not have any interior straps , but the inside which is a navy blue , is adequate to add some velcro straps to keep your weapon stationary in travel if need be . The carry handles are sturdy and have a velcro cross strap compared to others which are more expensive and have a pleather cheapy cross snap strap.I would highly recommend this case in its appropriate size for anyone with an AK , or AR variant , yet does not want to spend too much money on their case . NC Star makes quality products at a very reasonable price and with a better than average case size selection its hard to beat !
 This is the perfect size case for my S&W ; MP 15-22 with Red Dot sight.Pockets fit the 25 round mags just right . Nicely padded with a sturdy zipper .
 Fits my AMD 65 with the stock extended . Should fit any ak , sks , ar 15 with this length . Has 5 magazine pouches that will hold 20 round AK magazines just fine , but just barely fits 30 round magazines , the flap wo n't fold down perfectly over 30 's but will still velcro in place just fine to cover and secure the mags . Forget fitting a 40 round mag in there . I 've seen this same bag sold at stores and noticed it is just rebranded by different companies and the price increased . Saved 5-10 bucks ordering it here over getting it in a store .
 I still ca n't get over the price compared to the quality . I did n't expect much for around $ 15.00 . I was pleasantly surprised . I 'm ordering another one for my AR .
 I received this today , it was better than expected.I found the padding to be good , 5 pockets for storage fit magazines nicely.The shell looks like cordura or similar , zippers feel sturdy.I found it to be a tight fit for my colt with the clip installed , much better with the clip removed , and 36 &#34; just long enough.Nice case for the money , exactly what I needed .
 My own fault . I purchased this for a 9mm carbine that is 32 inches in length . So there 's not a lot of room . This was my first ` case ' purchase for my first firearms purchase . I decided to keep it . I just keep a towel over the barrel so the zipper does n't scratch it . Construction seems solid . There are three large internal pockets , perhaps for very flat cleaning supplies . Not much room for extra magazines . I like the handle -LRB- a double handle with a velcro wrap -RRB- though the shoulder strap seems awkwardly placed but its just as likely that I am doing it wrong .
 This is a good case for a good price . Has a nice , heavy duty zipper , with ammo pouches on the side .
 For the price I were not expecting much . When I got it I was pleasantly surprised . It is an excellent case , holds the entire gun with silencer . Holds 4 clips , great padding , good construction . I am going to buy another one for my other Air soft rifle . I spent a lot of money before on another one . I will buy these from now on , you can not beat it for the price .
 This works great . No complaints . Would purchase it again if I needed another . Very pleased . Glad I found this one !
 I bought the 36 `` x13 '' version for my AR-15 which is currently barebones with just the iron sights . I measured my gun from the butt of the stock to the tip of the barrel and came up with 35 '' so I gave this size case a shot and it worked out nicely . I can fit the gun inside the case with a magazine in if need be , and it appears that I can add a scope and fit the gun in the case minus the magazine as well . I purchased the camoflauge version hoping to receive a digital camo version as a previous reviewer said they were and that 's what I got . It looks very good , well made , and the seam/handle material is tan in color to match the rest of the case . The seller -LRB- WSports -RRB- ships via UPS Ground from Southern California .
 I was not sure what to expect based on the reviews I figured I would be happy.ProsLow costWell paddedGood strong zipperAmple storageConsNone at this time .1 month later Well I 've now added a scope and it fits well in this bag . I still see it as a good deal .
 Good gun case . Do n't see any reason why you would pay 75 or 100 dollars -LRB- or more -RRB- when you can get this.Gets my AR from point A to point B safe and sound . In fact , I store my rifle in my NcStar case .
 Very sturdy soft case , holds my rifle very well and offers much protection in the form of padding . Seemingly sturdy stitching and zippers ... time will tell , but so far , very durable and rugged case for the money . 5 stars all the way . The 13 &#34; height will hold a tactical rifle with foregrip with no problem ... gets very tight once you add a large scope on top . If you have a foregrip and a small red dot scope . . still no problem , great fit . But if you have a foregrip on your tactical -LRB- that does n't collapse when not in use of course -RRB- and a 40mm hog of a scope installed on high profile rings ... then it 's a tight fit , but still can be done .
 It does what exactly what I needed it to . Nothing fancy . The velcro is very strong so your mags are n't going anywhere . Fast shipping !
 Has ample room and just the right size . Much easier to carry around than the big bulky case that comes with the original gun purchase .
 Good for light use . Do n't go dragging this through the woods or anything , but fine for traveling to and from the range .
 i have a s & w m & p 15-22 and i got the 40inch case to make up for the attachments i put on my rifle so i didnt have to take things off and put them on every time i went out shooting and it fits perfectly . the outside material seems to be very sturdy and the padding is pretty thick and offers good protection for my rifle ... for under 20 bucks i dont think you can beat it .
 got case for sig 522 with tasco 42mm red dot fits great way better than sig case which is too big just bring back and forth to the range works for me .
 I like this case . The padding on the inside is fine for travel to/from the range . Probably not the best case for long-term storage of weapons . Side pockets & strap are nice additions . Zipper is lockable . Handle workds great . Not much else to say . Good for the price , would reccomend to friends .
 Basic , good , sturdy , no frills gun case ordered and received super fast ! To be used for an airsoft M4 gun . Great deal !
 I was quite impressed when I received this . It was sturdier than I expected , especially at such a low price . I bought it for my Walther g22 bull-pup , it fits nicely . If it had some outside pockets , I would have given it 5 stars ...
 i would like to start off saying that i love this bag . i went to several local gun shows and they want 40 dollars for the exact same bag . i bought both of mine for 18 dollars each . i love the storage pockets , and the digital camo looks awesome works very well !!!
 I am very satisfied with this gun case . It costs cheaper than like quality ones I was looking at in the gun shows . Holds my ak-47 secure and overall looks good . I bought another in digital camo for my ar and will buy when in need again .
 Fits my AK-47 perfectly , even my 30Rd mags fit in the side pockets . Great value . My friend has the same one and it works perfectly with his AR-15 .
 Case is well made but the test of time will prove everything . For now , its fit and finish are top notch for what I paid for it .
 When I went searching for a case for my 30 '' Mossberg 500 JIC , with added Rear Folding Stock , Folding Pistol Foregrip , Laser Sight , Holographic Red & Green Dot Sight and a Tactical Xenon Flashlight ... it need to be just right . I did my homework and found this one . it looked great on the web page , better in person and MINT when my gun was placed in it -LRB- see my photos -RRB- . Obviously this is not a hard case for throwing around or shipping ... but that is not what I wanted . I wanted tough , portable and a perfect fit for the configuration of my gun . If this is your need ... then this case is for you ! Note , For my 30 '' -LRB- tip to tip -RRB- shot gun , I purchased the 36 '' case .
 I was surprised in the quality of this product as the price was pretty low.I purchased the 36 '' black version for my GSG-5 which is 33.5 '' long . It was a perfect fit as there is just enough room left over on the ends to still provide padding protection , but also its a tight enough fit that it does not move around.I currently do n't have a scope or sight on my rifle but I plan on purchasing one and it looks like it will fit just fine as well !
 the 40 '' bag holds my wasr with a folding stock , a full mag -LRB- not connected -RRB- , my dot sight on the side mount , and my tactical cobra sling all on the inside with very little movement . it would be nice if it had some kind of velcro straps on the inside to at least hold the rifle still during rough movement . but still worth every penny and that is why i gave it 5 stars . you will want to add an extra inch if not two to the measurement of the bag . my rifle is 37 inches and fits snug in the 40 inch bag .
 THIS CASE FITS MY MINI 14 WITH A TACTICAL STOCK PERFECT THE POUCHES HOLDS A 30 RD MAG AND THE ORIGINAL 5 RD MAG WITH EXTRA TO SPARE WELL MADE HAS A STRAP AND HEIGHT IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR THE RIFLE TO FIT WITH A 30 RD MAG IN PLACE ... THIS IS A GREAT RIFLE CASE FOR UNDER 20 DOLLARS ... BUT OF COURSE MEASUREMENTS MAKE ALL THE DIFFERENCE DEPENDING ON WHAT 'S GOING IN IT .
 The Ncstar gun case works real well with my M&P 15-22 . The pouches holds my extra mags and holds my bi-pod . The case holds the M&P 15-22 well .
 This gun bag is definitely worth the money . It fits my tsd m4 well . It has some room around it but when closed the padding keeps it from moving around in the bag . Camo looks great and the five mag pouches are very useful and do n't just have to be used for mags . I would definitely recommend this to anyone with an aeg .
 I order two of these one for my DPMS AR and the other for my pre ban AK . If my Colt AR would fit I would order another for is but the Colt is a pre ban stock AR . If you need a case and do n't have alot of $ $ these are great .
 I bought this case for $ 9 -LRB- I had a $ 10 Amazon discount -RRB- and I was n't expecting much for the price . I could n't believe the quality of this case ! It has excellent stitching , the zipper is really tough and high quality , it has plenty of pouches for magazines or what have you , and the case I received does have 1 '' foam padding . There is no black border on it like my Allen case , but that 's okay because it still looks great . My Ruger Mini 14 Tactical fits perfect in it , even with the reflex sight , grip , and magazine still attached . It sure does n't seem like a $ 19 case ! Buy one , you wo n't be disappointed !
 This case is well padded , well constructed , fits my AR 15 perfectly . The digital pattern is awesome . Highly recommend to anyone .
 Perfect fit for my modified WASR 10/63 even with red dot sight attached . The four pockets that came with it is also perfect for my magazines , eyes and ears protection and couple boxes of extra ammos . So if you own a WASR with side mount and sight then this case is highly recommendable .
 This case fits my AK 47 rifle perfectly and appears to be of excellent quality . The magazine holder pockets hold multiple magazines up to 30 rounds . It should keep the rifle safe from scratches and bumps for the life of the rifle .
 Sure enough , the side pockets on this case are tall enough for a 30-round magazine . Spare ammo boxes also fit nicely . Well built with sturdy zippers that can be locked together .
 it holds my ar no problem holds mags you must have a short barrel and collapsible stalk for this bagmy norinco mac 90 with thumb hole wont zip up its like 1/2 inch off if they add a 1/2 inch it would be perfect
 I use this for my M4 configuration AR . There 's also enough room for smaller optics . Case has nice padding , so great for trips where a hard-sided one would be unnecessary .
 Great case , fits my IO Inc AK47 perfect with a scope . The only con is that the clips on the shoulder strap are cheap and bend easily so that it renders the strap useless .
 I was looking for a good quality , no frills case for my AK and this fit the bill perfectly . Plenty of padding , room , and good construction . I have a slightly longer barrel with the Tapco RAZR muzzle attachment so I had to go with the 40 '' instead of the 36 '' . The 36 '' will fit an AK with no muzzle attachment just fine . I give 4 stars because the AK mags -LRB- steel and polymer -RRB- barely fit length-wise . aside from that , a great buy !!
 Very well built . Heavy duty zipper . Mag pouches fit at least 1 30rd mag per pouch . Extremely pleased with product .
 This is a nice case . It fits my 16 '' AR15 with collapsible stock perfectly , even with a high mount red dot site . The zipper feels strong and the Velcro on the pockets holds tightly . Each of the 5 pockets will hold 2 30 round AR15 magazines . I am pleased with this case , especially considering how little it costs .
 This gun will hold any medium size assualt rifle with no problem . It has excellent foam padding on the inside had a good , sturdy feel to it . Theres a little spot for an Id card on the front so rest assured it wont be lost eaily . Overall , a great and excellent buy !
 Great price for a nice simple rifle case . Fit my S&W AR-15 perfectly . Holds 30 round mags on the outside fine and shuts closed fine . no issues . You can fit the rifle with a mid-size / small scope . The bigger optics may have issues zipping up .
 As usual , Amazon does it again . This is a nice case , well made , great price and it shipped with no problems . I had needed a case for a larger optic setup and this one did the job for me . Another thumbs up for Amazon and their prices .
 I purchased the 42 '' for my application . At the price , I expected lower quality . Very good value even if it is made in China , which I assume it is .
 fit hi-point carbine with all accc . on it . shipped fast . good quality and looks like it will last for years to come . looked at several stores and online before buying this one . for the money you cant beat this one . will be ordering more for myself . have several buddies that bought one other places that liked mine so much that they have placed an order for one like mine . thank you
 Ordered this for my Daniel Defense AR15 . Got the 40 '' one and it fits my AR with an Aimpoint Pro optic mounted on it just fine . Will not fit the AR if you have a 30 round mag and an optic mounted . Did not want a hard case as it takes up to much room in the closet . With this soft case I can even fold it up to put it away . Would have given it 5 stars if it came with some adjustable Velcro straps .
 The padding is very nice . I was surprised with the quality for the price . Im gon na purchase another one and would recommend it .
 Over sized zippers , individual mag pouches with heavy duty Velcro . Great case to just take to the farm and quick travel . I would n't call it as safe as a hard case , but then again I do n't throw my AR off buildings .
 i have 2 of these cases in different size really good padding durable material more than what u probably expect with what little u pay i have had different items from this brand with mix results but this was a good buy
 i got the 36 '' version and it fits my ar-15 very nicely with the buttstock extended almost all the way out . there 's enough space for a scope if needed .
 PURCHASED 1 FOR MY HUSBANDS AK 47 AND IT FITS PERFECTLY . NICE PADDED CASE TO PROTECT GUN.ALSO NOT A BAD PRICE .
 Ammo pouches a tight fit for 30 round mag , be careful forcing them in , could rip !!! Wish it had a storage pouch for range gear but overall a nice case .
 I love this bag . It 's perfect for what I needed . The extra magazine slots are a cool feature . It is also great quality .
 It 's padded enough for taking my carbine to the range and back and I really like the pockets on the outside . It does what I need .
 The price is cheap , but the gun case is not cheap , very well made.If you have an AK or AR get the 40 '' , i got the 38 '' and my rifle fits perfectly without having to take of my red dot sight or my magazine , but would of loved a little more room , but not a big deal.Highly recommend this gun case
 There is not much more to say . The heavy black material looks like it would last a long time . The workmanship is very good in my opinion . It fits the rifle that I purchased it for . It has a strong carry strap included with it . It blows instore Walmart away for the money I paid .
 Purchased from Wsports . Arrived sooner than expected . The case is sturdy and well padded . Zippers are heavy duty and the case is a perfect fit for my ruger sr-22s rifle with collapsible stock .
 I found that this is the perfect carry for my mossberg 715T tactical 22 . Fits perfect , even with a red dot scope mounted on a 1 inch riser . I do have to take off my foregrip for it to fit but it is simple , and the magazine pockets provide a perfect store for the forgrip . provides adequate protection and large zipper holes to add a lock . would buy again . I did go a few inches larger than my gun length and it was a good decision because might be too snug if you choose the length that corresponds with your gun length . 42 &#34; is perfect for my use
 Gun Case was perfect fit and the 30 round magazines fit in the pockets , I would recommend this product , great quality , well padded
 nice case for the money . I use it for my AR . the pickrts fit the magazines perfectly . the strap adds a convenient way to carry it . enough roon for my optic also .
 I must say , this is an excellent case for the price point . The 38 &#34; is the perfect size for my M&P 15-22 , and the padding/construction is as solid -LRB- if not moreso -RRB- than brands you will see in your local sporting goods stores and gun shops . For a value-priced product , I am very impressed .
 Bought 2 of these for M&P 15s . Plenty of space for mounted EO Techs and angled foregrips . The two I received has perfect ACU pattern design , Green zippers , material and handle , slightly different from what is pictured . Material and 5 separate ammo pouches are exceptional and compared to my Voodoo , it 's very compatible . Very happy with my purchases especially for under $ 20 each .
 This item arrived very fast , I was excited to put my rifle in it . It has plenty of room for my AR-Style rifle with the stock collapsed . The inside is a soft padded material so it protects the gun very well . The pockets are awesome , very useful for magazines and such . The carry strap is adjustable and can be removed as well ...
 I love this case for the price . Have looked for something like this , but have never found one that met my needs . Have since bought another in black .
 Good product . Seems fairly well made and is well worth the purchase price . My only complaint -LRB- s -RRB- are the design itsself . It forces you to carry an AR with optics with the weight bearing on the optic . This should not be a problem with high quality sight or scope but if you have any issues with your optics mount or zero I think it will cause problems . Also it is tight enough on an M4 with stock collapsed that you simply have to place the gun in an exact position to get the zipper closed . Any variation leaves you with stock or muzzle protruding .
 Good quality . Just the thing to get your legal guns confiscated in by the ny state political terrorists . Can you say heil hitler oh I mean cuomo .
 This is one well-made case . The interior is well-padded , almost lush . It has a thick-padded handle and a perfectly adequate sling . All in all , it is a terrific bargain at the price I paid -LRB- ~ $ 27 -RRB- . So why only four stars ? The five exterior pockets are designed for magazines - one per pocket - and that 's about all . Here 's my suggestion . Cut the number of magazine pockets to two , but deepen them so they can carry two mags each . Then used the saved real estate to put a wider , longer pocket for general purpose use.But hey , I quibble .
 Carry 's my S&W M&P 15-22 , mags and attachments without any problems . I like the shoulder strap as well . I originally bought it for my airsoft guns , but works well for both .
 Been using case for 6 months with AK 47 with scope , Has held up well . AK 30 round magazines do not fit well in pockets , made for AR mags . I do keep extra earplugs , mosquito repellent , and various tool/cleaning stuff in pockets , so they 're not a waste . For $ 18 I certainly ca n't complain , recommended .
 Case came exactly as described . So far so good . I have nothing negative to say about it so far . Good Product
 5 stars for sure . Case fits my ak-47 perfectly . 30 round mags fit in holders tightly . zipper can be locked . great for the price .
 Great product ! Works very nicely.yyrtyrtyytytyty yyrtyery y ty etyrty ty ery ty ryerty eryetyt ty erttyertyetyty etyttyt y tytty tytytyry eyett -LRB- Thats elvish -RRB-
 This case is perfect for my AR15 . I had some trouble finding one that would accomodate my scope with red dot on top . Most cases are either too short or too long or both . My AR15 has the collapsable stock with a minimum overall length of 32 '' . The padding is thick and dense and the construction is tough . Very pleased with this case .
 This case is very nice padding is sufficient the velcro closure is very strong I really like the zipper It 's actually metal nice touch the shoulder strap while on the bottom of the case is nice the clips and D rings are also metal very nice touch it has 5 magazine pockets that hold ar mags well even plastic mags fit just tnefine padding is ok would recommend 2 any1
 Got one for myself and my son for our airsoft guns.Very well made . great pockets to hold mags and tools in frontwin win buy it you 'll like it : -RRB-
 Beautiful gun case with superlative cushioning , providing excellent protection . Enough space for any tactical AR model , to include enough space for 5 30 round mags . This is awesome and I definitely recommend it .
 I bought this for my girlfriend 's AR-15 style paint gun . This thing is overkill for it but for the price ... why not ? This case is heavily padded with a strong fabric outer shell . The carry handles are strong and well stitched . The zipper is of the same strong construction . I love the look of the digital camo as well . I 'd have no qualms about using it to carry an actual AR-15 . In fact , I may order one of these now for the rifle I plan to buy next summer . It 's that well made !!!
 It holds my M&P 15-22 with optics and is good enough for trips to the range . I might not take it on a camping trip or something more rugged like that , but for simple storage and transportation is works just fine .
 I bought in the 38 '' for my Sig 522 . The fit is perfect . Plenty of room for my red dot mounted on top . The trim on mine is not black , it is actually green and matches the camo ... looks great ! The padding is thick , the zipper is heavy duty , and the pockets on the side are handy to transport magazines . A great deal for $ 18 , would cost at least $ 50 at the local sporting goods store . Such a great deal that my dad bought one for for his mossberg 500 in 42 '' .
 I bought this for my Smith & Wesson M&P 15-22 . I have a Barska scope and a 1 '' riser . The bag fits with plenty of room to spare . The construction is solid with lots of padding inside . The zipper appear very strong . this should work great getting back and forth from the range .
 just perfect fit for my marlin 795 . cushions on the inside feel good enough for protecting any rifle . only thing i can suggest that could be added to this is the flap on the outside could have another strip of velcro on it to close it tighter . that way could be use to hold smaller clips or tools and not worry about them falling out ... but that is something i can have put on later
 I recently purchased this rifle soft case for my AR 15 MP6920 , thanks god I did , perfect fit , had five compartment for 30 rounds magazine , very compact . Highly recommend it also for the price .
 I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this bag for the price . I 'd definitely recommend it if you 're looking for a budget bag .
 This is a nice little gun case.It fits my Hi Point 995TS like it was made for it.It has a nice , plush interior and a pretty rugged exterior.It has magazines holders on the outside , a full lenght zipper , and a carry strap.The price is right too .
 This bag fits my AR-15 perfectly with the stock collapsed . The side pouches can comfortably hold up to five , 30-round magazines or you can dedicate one or more pouches to a cleaning kit or other toys . My only gripe is that the zipper came loose from the material on one end after just one trip to the range . But the bag was so inexpensive and fits my needs in every other way that I 'm willing to get it fixed at a shoe/zipper repair place and will only knock one star off the rating .
 i am happy with this case , particularly for the money . be sure to measure your firearm accurately , as the length they quote is exactly that and no more . my 9mm carbine just barely fit inside .
 Items arrived on time and are identical to Amazon 's provided photo . Cases are very well padded and seem well made . My 2 rifles each measure 32 '' long and the 36 '' cases fit them perfectly . Allow at least a couple of extra inches for the possibility of an irregular case .
 Great case I put my shotgun in it and it works great !! The case is very well made and looks like it will last a long time it has plenty of room inside for a scoped rifle and extra pockets on the side for plenty of clips and for the price this is a great buy !!!!
 I purchased this case for my AR-15 after previously purchasing a case from Cabelas . This case is just as nice , functionally it holds everything I need , and it cost less than 1/2 of what I paid at Cabelas . For the price you can not afford to pass this up , even if it is a back up or storage case . I highly recommend .
 I ordered the 38 '' length for a 34 '' 9MM carbine . The fit was perfect with about 1-1/2 '' left over on each end . Case dimensions are out side so keep that in mind when ordering . The case is made from very heavy material and well padded . It has large double zippers that are well stiched . The case has 5 magazine pockets on the outside with a single flap covering all 5 pockets . My magazines are 9MM single stack and each pocket would hold about 5 of my magazines . That works great for me because the pockets are large enough to hold 9MM ammo boxes or anything else you might want to take to the range . The padding is heavy enough I wouldnt worry about tossing into the back of my truck if I didnt have optics on my gun . I am please with this purchase and think you will be too .
 Bought this for my Romanian AK . Fits well , although I do not have a sight on the gun and with one I 'd imagine the case starts to get tight . I like the case but if you 're planning on taking a whole bunch of rifles to the range it might serve to invest in something that can carry multiple rifles in one bag . Taking three or four of these things can be a pain . Overall happy with my purchase and the price of this case .
 exactly what i need to store my saiga-12 . fits well with fore-grip and magazine inserted . Wont hold the drum mag but that 's no big deal . Better to use the mags for home defense and the drum for fooling around at the range .
 This is my favorite case now . It replaces a case that I paid twice the price . This case holds my rifle snugger , FX Royale 400 with a 4.5-14x42 hawke tactical scope . It also has padded handles and the shoulder strap does n't get in the way . The fabric and stitching and zipper are plenty tough and I expect this to protect my gear for years to come . If you need a rifle case get this one .
 Great case for the price . The pockets were designed for AR-15 mags . My 30-round AK mags fit , but the flap just barely velcro 's . It works fine though .
 Awesome case to carry my Ruger 10/22 -LRB- w/18 .5 '' barrel -RRB- with bipod and scope . My case did come with 5 exterior small pouches which I 'm using to carry extra 25 round clips .
 Great case for the money . I hav purshased two more and this is definitely better . The padding is very thick compared to the other brand . The only thing missing is the extra storage on side by the tip on another brand . For price and padding this is hard to beat . Would recommend to anyone looking for a case .
 Excellent rifle case at a nice price . Pretty standard features , but cost several dollars less than at my local gun shop .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the high quality of this case . It is just what I needed and my rifle fits perfect in it .
 Quite simply , the best value for a rifle case for you money . Just remember that the case is padded , and that you need to order one at least 2 &#34; longer than your rifle .
 Just bought myself a Colt 6920 w / 16 &#34; barrel and 4 extra P-Mags . It fits in this case perfectly and with all the mags in the pockets . You can easily pay twice as much , but why ? I could n't be happier !
 For the Money I expected far less.This case is durable and has some very thick Foam padding to protect your investment.Happy to say - If you are looking at it then hit the add to cart button . You wont go wrong with this product.Thanks Much NcStar for yet another great Product .
 For the price and ca n't think of anything negative . It would be nice if they added another pouch or two for accessories and could keep the price within a few dollars higher . The delivery was quick . I use it for a AK with a folding stock and up to 30 round mags .
 One main compartment was able to hold an item that had a full stock and a bunch of extra tactical accessories . A sling , tactical fllashlight , fold over grip and holographic sight . it all fit .3 outside compartments , however , there is one velcro flap that secures all 3 compartments . Anything smaller than a shotgun shell could easily slip out if your not paying attention .
 I bought the 36 &#34; case for my DPMS AR and it fits perfectly . -LRB- With about 2 &#34; to spare -RRB- . Case is nicely made w / thick padding and magazine pockets on the side . I got 2 for $ 30 . You will pay between $ 60-80 in gun stores for these . The quality of this bag is very durable and I love it !
 I got this case for my Sig Sauer AR-15 m400 I suggest you get the 38 &#34; and it fits perfect . A durable case and gun fits perfect . .
 love this bag , ar with scope fits perfect , and the pockets on the side are great for holding extra mags , lightweight , durable a real good buy , would def recommend for shorter style rifles ar15 , , ar15 22
 Just what I needed for M1A with .308 sized mags.Also for tricked out Mossberg 500 . Sturdy.Love the shoulder strap.Fully padded.Buy it !
 This is a great value for the cost . Found a very similar case at big box store for $ 60 . This one is made better , with larger zipper pulls . Got it fast , as well
 I chose this rating because it came in exactly as described . Measure your weapon and get the size that is 2 &#34; larger . That 's what I did and my AR fits perfectly . The case is made well and I would recommend to anyone .
 This is a great little case for the price . As others have stated you will want to add about 3-4 '' to the length over that of your rifle . My rifle was 36 '' long and I ordered the 38 '' and it was a little short so I have to collapse the stock .
 I have a Combat machines M4 and i decided to use that in this Case , until i get my moist nugget , the M4 fits perfectly , with just an inch or 2 of space between the muzzle and zipper , which is good considering it wont shake around or wobble , its gread and a nice build of material .
 This is a fantastic value and not cheapo quality . Zippers are sturdy , padding is sufficient , storage is adequate . For the price this is a great case that will suit the needs of the vast majority of shooters .
 I ordered the 38 '' in digital camo , its verry nice ! my 16 '' barrel M4/AR -15 rifle fits perfectly in it with 1-20rnds mag in rifle and the 6 position stock set at 0 or 1 . the case has 5 side compartments that hold 5-30rnd or 42rnd mags on the side verry nice . if i all of sudden just had to go my rifle with all the ammo i ever would actuly carry is ready to go ! i will use this as a ready & go bag aswell as a range case . verry much worth the 18.00 i will be purchasing the 42 '' but only when it avalible from amazon . -LRB- do n't buy the black version its mostly a completly diffrent case from a diffrent manufactor !!! -RRB-
 this gun case was cheep and is good quality . i know some ppl do n't like this company but this product is a + +
 CASE AS GREAT PADDING . SIDE POCKETS ARE HUGE GREAT , FOR ALL MY STUFF . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GUN CASE TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR A NEW ONE . I PURCHASED THE 38 INCH CASE FOR MY MARLIN 70PSS
 Well first of all the interior is well cushionedand the exterior is excellent quality ! This is worthalot more than I paid for it , highly recommend .
 I am using this case -LRB- 42 inch -RRB- for a Saiga AK47 with a 16 '' barrel . The rifle fits perfectly with hardly any room lengthwise to spare -LRB- but this is good IMO , I do n't want it moving around ! -RRB- The rifle fits perfectly and feels secure during transport . It holds 30 round AK47 magazines with no trouble.People saying AK47 magazines `` barely fit '' are exaggerating in my opinion . The flap wont fold over enough to completely engage 100 % of the velcro , but it fits enough to hold them in place securely . The flap has a very thick piece of velcro , so there is plenty of grip . To me , this is of no concern and should n't stop you from buying this case.The case feels like it is made of quality material , the stitching , velcro , and straps all feel tough . I am impressed with this case and would recommend it to anyone . There is plenty of room if you go tactical and put lights/scope/laser / etc on your rifle as well .
 I ordered this case because it was the cheapest one I could find that had pockets for AR style mags . I am very pleasantly surprised at how nice it is . The materials feel super nice , the padding is very thick , and it fits my S&W M&P 15-22 Talo Edition perfectly with the stock extended . -LRB- I got the 40 '' black case . -RRB- The only reasons I saw that people did n't give it five stars are that it did n't fit their mags -LRB- it fits mine perfectly -RRB- , and it was too short -LRB- really folks ... do n't but a 32 '' case for a 30 '' gun -RRB- . I highly recommend this case !
 Purchased the 36 '' digital Camo case for my AR . Impressed with the quality , expected less for only $ 17 ! Case is well padded , high quality zipper , shoulder strap has metal connectors . Would have paid more if I had come across it in a store and still thought it a deal . Well worth the asking price .
 My full size AK fits just fine and with a few inches to spare . The padding on this is THICK and it protects the gun great . The magazine pockets barely for a 30 round mag , but they do fit . Buying another one right now for my AR-15 . You will not regret buying this.However , when I ordered tis same case in black , I received a completely different case all together . My AR15 wont even fit in it .
 A great case . Thick and definitely long enough . The pockets on the side are great . I highly recommend this gun case .
 THIS IS A GREAT CASE ! JUST MAKE SURE YOU ORDER THE CORRECT SIZE AND YOU WILL BE SUPER HAPPY WITH THE DURABLE ZIPPER AND PADDED NYLON . DONT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THE SUPER EXPENSIVE ONES , THIS WILL DO THE JOB ! THE SIDE POCKETS HOLD THE 20 ROUND MAGS THE 30 'S DONT FIT IN THEM . STILL CANT BEAT THE VALUE FOR THE BUCK HERE .
 gave it as a gift and my son was so proud its very durable and nice with plenty of clip holders makes it great and its also moisture restant
 I needed a case to fit my Benelli M1 Super 90 with pistol grip , and this case does it . I had to return a case I ordered previously -LRB- from a different seller and manufacturer -RRB- because it did not fit the dimensions as advertised . This case does . The look of the case seems to fit the personality and look of my shotgun , and it keeps my shotgun in clean and good condition when I have to travel on hunting trips . I recommend this case if you 're looking for a soft case for a tactical shotgun within the dimensions described .
 At a lower price , I did n't expect too much from it . But after I had received it , the case is as heavy duty as the more expensive cases .
 Completely surprised at the quality of this bag ! The outer material -LRB- PVC/Cordura ? -RRB- is pretty heavy not like a $ $ $ mart product.A solid 1 &#34; thick padding on each side provides real protection for your gun even when traveling or worse case scenarios.Heavy duty zipper , handles , and carry strap . The magazine pockets will definitely hold high capacity magazines with no problem.Top qualtiy product for an outstanding price ! Buy one before they raise the price .
 Case is sturdy and light-weight . Room Enough to fit gun manual , lock and a few boxes of ammo in it . No complaints . Even was delivered 3 days ahead of the promise date .
 This is a great case . It has plenty of clip storage , and enough width to holster my AR with a 1 inch riser and a NcStar Mark 3 scope . The case is made of durable , tough fabric . The zipper is rugged and well built . Everything about this NcStar gun case is great , and for the price I doubt you 'll be able to beat it .
 the bag is sturdy and solid . well cushioned for my 22lr tact rifle and accesories . the rifle will not fit with the red dot mounted - no problem for transporting i simply remove it ... the side pockets are a plus as well . . easily carry more ammoand mags as advertised ...
 The magazine pockets are great , will hold the 30 round clips no problem . Not one big pocket like others have described , but several separate pockets with one big flap closure . Only wish there was a zippered interior pocket for papers or small loose things .
 Very nice craftsmanship . Great quality . It is very bit as got as the cases I looked at that were three times the price .
 I am well pleased with the case . It has nice padding and it came in the black color I wanted . It also came with the 5 magazine pouches as shown in the picture . Because of the padding , the length of these cases have got to be two inches longer than the length of the gun you 're going to use . Otherwise you wo n't have any wiggle room and will have trouble closing the zipper . For example , the gun I bought the case for is 36 &#34; in length . So , I ordered a 38 &#34; long case . I found that each magazine pouch will easily accomodate a Mossberg 715T 30rd magazine . These magazines are about 71/2 &#34; high and 3 &#34; wide . I 'd say you could comfortably fit magines up to 81/2 &#34; high and 31/2 &#34; wide . Any bigger would be awfully tight . In addition to the carry handle , it also has a removable shoulder sling . It only took 3 days to receive my order .
 This is a great bag . The 38 &#34; fits my AK perfectly and the construction quality exceeded my expectations . I recommend this item to anyone looking for a good purchase at a great price . The only thing I did n't like was placement of the shoulder strap at bottom edge of bag . I would have preferred it on the top .
 Very impressive quality , A 38 &#34; case has 36 &#34; inside area so order accordingly.Inside padding is very adequate for any scoped rifle .
 Very nice case for the price . Good thing I selected a size 2-3 inches longer than the rifle length.I hope these are still available after I get my Savage Axis XP and Remington 870 series later this year .
 Very good case for the price , but like someone else noted , order a size bigger than what you think you 'll need . Very tight fit for my AR .
 Purchased this rifle case for my ar15 rifle it fits great -LRB- like a glove -RRB- very high quality at a great price . It feels extremely durable and very rugged I would recommend this case to anyone . If you are looking for a high quality rifle case without breaking the bank your search is over , buy it you will not be disappointed .
 Just needed something for back and forth to the range and this fits the bill just right for the price
 I use this for my Mossberg 930 SPX and it works great . I love the extra pocket . It can easily hold ammo in those pockets and/or accessories for your weapon .
 I bought this as I wanted something `` cheap '' carry my Ruger 10/22 ; did n't need a hard case for this gun . I easily fits my 10/22 and has pockets and such for my mags and ammo . Great deal , especially with Amazon 's free shipping !
 Great case for the money . My AK barely fits in . Only issue i had with case is in the magazine pouches They are prbly designed for AR mags . My 30 round AK mags -LRB- Tapco -RRB- really do n't fit well
 Iy 's a bargin for the price , it 's well constructed with a nice heavy zipper . The true test will be time so I 'll check in later . The only reason I knocked it down a star was because it was n't made in the USA .
 Excellent case at more than half the cost of what you find at gun shops and shows . Nicely padded , well constructed ... . Superb quality for the money !! I bought this for my mini 14 and it works flawless . Pouches are very secure even for the heavy metal 30 round factory mags.Highly recommended !!
 I was looking for a case to fit my new S-W MP-15 . After taking the proper measurements both width and length , the order form made it easy to get the right one . Construction was well made and met my expectations . Plenty of clip or ammo box storage . Highly recommended .
 For the price it is absolutely unbeatable it fits all my tac guns and most of my other none goose guns
 Case is great just keep in mind that the pockets on the side for the magazines are not long enough for the 20 or 30 rounds magazines for a AR15 other than that its great I love it
 The product was received in great shape on time . Was exactly as advertised and fit the purpose as described . Would highly recommend this product to others .
 This case holds my AR-15 great . It has been durable , it 's holding 8 loaded 30rd mags . It is essentially the same as some of the $ 80 cases but for much less .
 I ordered 2 of these - one in 42 '' length -LRB- for my 20 '' barrel AR -RRB- and the other in 36 '' -LRB- for my WASR AK variant -RRB- for a total of $ 36 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . These are as nice as any tactical soft case I 've seen , and most of those sell for $ 30-35 each -LRB- PLUS shipping -RRB- . So , call it 2-for-1 . They are tough nylon outside , and nice soft padding inside . Who can beat that kind of deal ? If I were pressed to say something negative , I 'd agree with others that said 30 rd. . AK mags are a tight fit , but my experience is that the cover closes fine . AR mags fit very well .
 This case was well made and perfect for my needs . Make sure to measure your gun and ad a few inches before picking the one you are going to buy . Thankfully I had the forethought . The case was shipped quickly and I have no doubt I will make future purchases with this seller .
 For the price I was really surprised that the bag is made very well . It seems it can handle heavy duty use , the interior padding is thick , zippers seem solid , stitching look goods , and everything else is great . It feels heavy too . I ca n't find any `` cons '' to this rifle bag . The bonus is that I got it for under $ 20 within two days so I am very happy with it .
 I 'm pleased with the case . Spend $ 17 to make your rifle and magazines easier to move around , oh yeah . It 's padded out pretty well , and the velcro for both the mag pouches and the handles is done well . The only issue with it is that there are no straps on the inside to help keep the rifle more secure , something that you can probably add at your own liesure . But I 'd gladly buy another if I needed one .
 Very nice quality and workmanship for a super price . Fits my AK-47 with stock fully compressed nicely ! Great for transport to / from the gun range .
 I just gave this item a once over and test fit after pulling it out of the box , and must say for the price I paid Im very pleased . The double zipper is of a good size and quality , padding is decent , stitching seems even and good for the purpose and I really like the five storage pockets for extra magazines , they fit 30 round AR15 mags easily though might be a bit short for some of the longer curved AK stuff . The carry strap is fairly standard 1-1/2 '' width with excellent clips on either end and is adequate for moderate everyday use unless you were lugging something extremely heavy for long treks . Overall this is well worth what I paid , there are times I dont want or need to lug around an oversized molded plastic rifle case for my AR -- this fits better in the vehicle and is less awkward in small car/truck interiors . All this being said , no soft case will provide the impact protection of a hard molded case -- but for the $ $ this is a well made item that accurately represents the picture shown and does the job its intended for . I would definitely buy another if needed and the price was right .
 I like this bag a lot . I take it to the range . Its tough and durable . The pockets are great . I wish it was double sided for two rifles , but I have no complaints .
 I love this case , although mine was slightly different in appearance . The handles and seams shown in black are actually gray which in my opinion blends in better . So while the product I receive was slightly different than the photo , I consider it an aesthetic upgrade . Case seams/zippers are thick and sturdy and the magazine compartments are held down capably by a large velcro patch . I also recommend purchasing a case 2 to 3 inches longer than your actual rifle length for proper fitting .
 You ca n't beat this bag for the price . I needed a bag to take my shotgun to the range and this fits perfect . The pockets on the side are great for holding earplugs , safety glasses , and small tools for just in case . Also comes with a sling which is a nice bonus . Not a five star review because of the velcro positon on the flap and pockets , it should be a little lower .
 My only gripe is that I wish it was just a quarter inch wider . With 10 magazines in the pouches and a rifle with a large scope , it is VERY tight .
 Very nice quality , plus the addition of the magazine pouches and the shoulder strap , makes it very easy to carry to the range . Fit is perfect for my Mossberg Tactical 22 which has pistol grip and also 3-9 x40 scope . I would definitely recommend to others looking for an affordable case .
 This is the first NcStar case I have purchased and my initial impression of it is that the quality of construction is at least as good as that of the Blackhawk Sportster cases I have had and in some ways the case surpasses the features offered by the Sportster for a lower price . For example
 This case is decent and suited my needs , and for less then 20 bucks who cares that I have to remove my bipod to make it fit .
 As most of the reviews indicate , gun case is well-made for light-duty transport of my rifle , magazines and small accessories . Unsuitable for alot of jostling or tossing about in the trunk , but great value for light-duty .
 I wasnt expecting this case to be as nice as it is . definitly cant beat it for $ 19 shipped . i ordered the 40 inch in black . My ar15 fits in it easily . i think im gon na order another . Nice padding , sturdy zipper , mag pouches are cool , and it even came with a shoulder strap .
 My husband has a bullpup with all the accessories on it and that was making for a very hard time to find a case that would fit and we do n't have to dismantle the gun to put it in the bag . 5 stars for a smooth transaction and super fast shipping . Thank u
 The NcStar Gun Case was received promptly , and is a quality product that should last for years of hard use .
 Very good case . Fits my different variety of guns like a glove . I love the 5 mag holder on the side , it really is a good design . The zippers are heavy duty and will zip no matter what . The inside has good padding and I 'm impressed . Good soft but sturdy material . I would suggest the 38 '' case for most tactical style guns and carbines . The 36 '' would be too small for most guns that have a lot of accessories like mine . Buy this case ! You will be very happy with your purchase .
 The fabric is very heavy duty this size bag is just right for my ar-15 and hi-point 9mm carbine . I did n't try putting my SKS in this bag it may just be a tad to little for it . Ar-15 mags hit perfectly in the built in pockets . Each pocket fits two mags so you can carry 10 magazines . With your gun in the case it was a tight fit with large mag 's . Strap and handles are also heavy duty fabric .
 My friend bought this same bag at local gun store for $ 45 ! The 38 &#34; bag is perfect for the AR 15 - or 15-22 . The material on the outside seems pretty durable = kind of like a heavy nylon ? The material inside is really soft and has plenty of foam . For the price , you ca n't go wrong ! It 's a perfect bag for transporting your firearm to and from the range !
 Looks Great , Love it ... all the other reviews are right on , this is a great case for the value . Hooah
 The pockets work great for storing clips or other items . The stitching for the handles -LRB- and everywhere else -RRB- is very solid . A great way to protect , store , and carry the airsoft rifle .
 These guys make an awesome product ... . especially for the money . Material and zipper are excellent and padding is good . My application is to store a tactical SKS with a scope . All fits in very well and the modified Tapco mags fit in the outside pockets . Storage and trips to the range are what I do and this case could n't be better . Inexpensive and not bulky like many others . What can I say ... I will buy these for all of my future applications .
 This gun case holds my 9mm carbine with red dot scope , along with four clips . Good handels and carryinbg strap . excellent price
 They say allow an extra inch , if you have a bipod allow yourself 3-4 inches because of width . Case of bullets fit perfect in the pockets for 9mm . Overall easy to carry . Pockets on side allow for extra bullets , clips and tools .
 Great price . Delivered quickly . Exceeded my expectations in quiality . Would recommend it to anyone looking for a really good gun case at any price .
 What more can anyone ask?Fits the gun perfectly with scope.Check barrel length before you order to get correct . length .
 This is a very well made case and suits my needs perfectly . Plenty of room for an AR or 10/22 rifle . The mag pouches are excellent and hold mags securely . I would definitely purchase this again .
 I ordered three of the 36 '' cases for 2 new AK-builds -LRB- AMD65 -RRB- and a factory WASR-10 AK with a Tapco std . length stock . A very nice case for the money ... much better than a gun-sock , but certainly not as nice as some of the higher-end cases going for 3-5 times the price -LRB- no-duh ! -RRB- . All these camo NcStar VISM nylon products -LRB- I own them all , currently in triplicate ; Backpacks , mag carriers , drop pouchs , etc. -RRB- are durable enough for moderate soldiering field use and action-sports , and have a very good camo color -LRB- it 's greener than Army-Spec , which as ground-pounders know , is too light in color anyway -RRB- . The plastic case zipper is big , durable and matching green ... far better than the zippers on the Bulldog cases I have , which are twice the price . The side mag pockets are not deep enough for properly securing 30-rd AK Mags , but work find for AK 20rders , and of course all AR-15 30-rd mags , which these pouches were obviously designed around . The removable case sling works fine , but is a little thin and does n't have any padding . The handle sections are padded , comfy and there is a good nylon/Velcro wrap-around . Seach all you want , but you will not find a better price-to-performance solution than the NcStar VISM products!NOTE
 This is a very functional case and a great value for the price . The construction is quite sturdy , and the seams are reinforced . The padding is thick enough to protect your weapon from the occasional bump , but I would n't want to throw it hap-hazzardly into a truck bed or off a tree stand - if you want to do that , get yourself a hard Pelican case . The double-zipper is large and sturdy and operates real smoothly.The five magazine pockets are large enough to fit two standard AR mags each -LRB- snugly -RRB- ; Magpul-type polymer magazines are too large to double-stack in the pockets . The velcro strip that secures the flap over the magazine pockets is large and high-quality ; it wo n't fray or break down after repeated use.The description of product has this as a 36 '' case - the actual inner length is 34 '' , so measure your rifle carefully ! The inner dimensions are large enough to fit my 18 '' DMPS AR-15 with a collapsible stock with a large Osprey scope mounted on a 1 '' riser . In this configuration , I have to take my foregrip -LRB- which is a large grippod-type -RRB- off the rifle ; if I did n't have the scope on it , or a smaller optic , I probably would not have to take the grip off at all to fit the weapon in the case.The shoulder strap is useful for carrying the case diagonally across your back ; however , if you want to carry it over just one shoulder -LRB- purse-style -RRB- the case hangs upside down because the straps attach at the bottom of the case -LRB- you can see this in the product picture -RRB- . This is not really an issue , unless you plan on dropping the case from your shoulder onto a cement floor.Again , all-in-all a very good buy . Rivals much more expensive cases ; I plan on getting another one for my Hi-Point 995TS carbine .
 I bought this case for my Romanian WASR-10 AK-47 , the actual weapon length is about 35-36 inches but it fits really good inside . The case is very sturdy and the double over-sized zippers are a big plus . I have 4 mags for the rifle -LRB- 30 round banana clips -RRB- and they fit inside the mag pouches enough for the flap to fold over . The mag pouch flap is also a bit over-sized so it helps keep the magazines secure . This is a Very well made case and I almost paid more than double the cost for a soft case at the local Bass Pro Shop , this case is by far the better choice !
 Well made . Roomy . I have a Ruger 10/22 and it fits easily along with ammo in the side pockets and more . Could easily fit the rifle with a scope .
 I was searching for a low-cost case for my new AR , and I came across this one . My initial intention was to purchase another UTG case similar to the one I have already for my other AR . However , the price for a UTG was a bit more than I cared to spend this time around.I saw other fairly favorable reviews on this product , and I decided to take a chance . Besides for the money there was relatively low risk . The design is very similar to the UTG , but instead of separate flaps for each magazine pouch , there is a single large flap . I do n't really care for that , but again price outweighed function in this case . And it 's not that big of a deal , really . As long as the mags stay securely stored in the case it really makes no big difference to me.Construction and quality seem quite good overall . The case is well padded , and it will do a nice job of transport and protection for my AR . I would buy this product again , and I can recommend it without reservation .
 I ordered the 40 '' version of this rifle case for my Ruger 10/22 Carbine w / 3-9x Barska Plinker scope.The carrying handle is well stitched , and the bag feels sturdy . The interior padding is soft and plush , but firm enough to offer protection against small handling bumps . The shoulder strap is OK , but the bag flexes under the weight of the rifle - I just removed mine and I carry it by the top handle.The case fits the rifle well -LRB- 39 '' usable interior length , 9 '' usable interior height -RRB- with plenty of space to spare for the scope , assuming that I have the factory magazine installed in the rifle , not a high-capacity mag . The 5 external pockets can each accommodate two 25-round Butler Creek Steel Lips magazines , or 4 Ruger 10 round factory magazines.I have my case filled with the following : - Ruger 10/22 w / 3-9x Scope-4x Butler Creek 25 round magazines-Toolkit-Cleaning kit-ziplock bag of 525 rounds of .22 LR ammoFor under 30 , this case is hard to beat ! It 's a great range bag , and it does n't immediately look like a rifle case to your neighbors -LRB- if being discreet is a concern for you - I know some of my apartment neighbors get weird when I carry my shotgun case to & from the car -RRB- . I plan on ordering more of these cases for any future rifle or carbine purchases .
 After 3 attempts , i finally received the gun case as pictured . The prior two did not have the 5 magazine pockets but the 3rd one did . Great bag , will fit an MP5SD with stock extended .
 Very durable and a perfect fit for my AR15 , would recommend and the pouches on the side have a really good Velcro system to keep your stuff secure !
 This is one of the best gun cases on the market and at a very reasonable price . It is very durable , well padded , and the pockets are extremely durable and close securely . It is perfect for my high-powered rifle with tall-mounted scope . I have seen gun cases at some of the popular sports stores that ranged in the $ 75 + range that were not the quality of this gun case . I could not be more pleased with this case .
 Fits my AR-15 with Scope perfect . Construction looks solid and padding inside seems adiquate to protect the gun . Only draw back I see is the Mag pouches do n't appear to be uniform , and some pouches are a bit snug . I expect these may loosen up a bit and not be an issue .
 The case arrived , after a slight delay in shipping . The case itself was shoe horned into a box so small at first I thought they had shipped the wrong item . But once I got it open it could be unfolded and seen in full view . I took it to the range the next day and it serves it 's purpose well . Having 5 or 6 mags stored and ready to go is a bug plus right there on the bags exterior . I 'd probably use it again
 this gun case is great quality for the money . the exterior is high quality ballistic nylon and the interior is a nice soft fabric -LRB- interior fabric is navy blue , so do n't be surprised -RRB- with plenty of padding . The magazine pouches on the side are a little tight on my ak 30-round mags but still works fine . the 38 &#34; length works great for the standard WASR-10 ak47 , the 36 would probably fit but would be very tight .
 I do n't know how well it will work with a different scope , but right now with a open red dot , my rifle fits just fine . Ruger 10/22 dressed as a G-36 -LRB- Promag Nomad stock -RRB- .
 This is a very well constructed gun case.Rifle fits like a glove.I will purchase another in the future Very nice !
 Gets the job done and looks kind of cool , like a mafia muscle man or something . Adequate padding and pockets for mags , ammo , and slim jims .
 It arrived in great time . . Product was made very well I really had no complaint . . If u buy it be very sure of the size u need ... Mr AR15 will fit but my hunting rifle will not fit . Besides that its great .
 I recommend this case to someone if they have an AR 15 style rifle or an AK style rifle . I put my SKS in this thing and it worked amazingly I loved it . But the pockets on the side of the case were n't big enough for the 30 round SKS mags and it certainly did not like the &#34; duck bill &#34; on the mags . I just through the mags in a bag . It 's not like you 're going to haul your gun around with the mags loaded in the pockets anyways . Well , maybe you but not me . But overall , this case has excellent padding and great zippers .
 Bought this for my Hipoint Carbine 4095TS and it fits perfectly . Good case with a good price , why not buy it ?
 I 'm on my 3rd pump now . My boat is 31 years old , so on average replacement is required every 15 years . My sailing season is about 4 months , so 60 months or 5 years of actual usage . I 'm sure winters are harsh on these . Overall they have worked very well , but in all cases when they fail and your water tank valves are left in the open position water seeps out from the pump and fills your bilge ... without fail . If you do n't have an automatic bilge pump switch in the bilge area then your floorboards can get covered with water , for quite awhile if you leave your boat unattended ! Happy Cruising !
 We purchased this for our 1/2 bath , and it 's perfect . It 's thinner than expected , but a good value . It 's a good size for a bathroom or doorway
 I can not believe I got this rug for $ 6.00 plus $ 4.00 to ship . Great rug for a great price ! I seen some posted on Amazon for up to $ 30.00 . Go SEAHAWKS !!!
 Nice rug . It was packaged well and arrived quickly . `` Santa '' bought everything to decorate my 6 year olds room an including this was a perfect touch to bring everything together . It is good sized , and the football shape is much better than a typical rectangle rug . But most importantly GO SEAHAWKS !!!!!!!
 No other surf video has caught the soul of surfing like ES II ! Of course it has unbelievable surf footage ... it also has unbelievable surfers ... then you add in the adventure of an around the world trip ... but the thing that makes this movie special is it captures the passion that we as surfers have for the awesome power and majesty of the ocean . Any video can show some nifty moves that the beachcomber would be blown away by ... but here for all to see is unveiled a small glimpse into the unique world of the surfer . Here , unveiled , is a peek at what drives each one of us to paddle back out to the break , day after day , and what makes surfing the most spectacular , addicting , adrenaline pumping sport in the world ! Anyone from a 3 decade veteran to a Kansas farmer will enjoy this landmark movie.ES II follows 2 surfers from cali as they make their quest for the endless summer around the world . Along the way they visit costa rica , france , africa , australia , and s.pacific . Their are huge days at jaws in Hawaii , cold days in Alaska , never ending waves at jeffries in S.Africa ... all topped off by a bear encounter , a croc chase , and some class 5 rapids . If you want adventure than this is your movie . If you want beautiful photography than once again this is for you . Great movie ! Do n't miss it !
 Nice finish , this is the early model , the newest are the Hammer BK4 with a more attractive design . But overall it 's a good bat , the weight is just right , does n't feel to heavy , i 'm 5 ' 10 '' and it feels good .
 I own one of these knives and have had it for a while , 2-3 years I believe , and I think its the best pocket knife I 've ever owned . Out of all the pocket knives I 've carried with clips in the past , this is by far the most reliable and durable . I 've taken it scuba diving -LRB- fresh water -RRB- several times and after all I did was was dry it off good , nothing special like coating it in oil and it has never rusted . The only thing that has ever been wrong with it is that the blade on mine is slanted so that it scapes along the inside of the frame but its just a minor , fixable defect that isnt on every knife so dont let that give a bad impression . This is an easy fix anyways send it in or take it to a knife shop if you dont know how to fix it if it happens . Overall though , great knife and well worth the buy . If you want specific specs or more details then go to Gerbers website or just leave a comment and I 'd be happy to answer best I can .
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 This product held up well for a 250 lb camper . It 's not very heavy and does n't take up much space . Inflating with the manual pump is a bit cumbersome . However , sleeping on this mattress was MUCH more comfortable than the pad I purchased earlier . Consider an electric pump version .
 Excellent for taking on trips and for guests . The manual pump is easy to operate . Too bad the carrying bag does n't come with it , although ca n't complain at this price .
 The mattress is extraordinarily comfortable . Possibly better than your bed at home . The flocked top surface is good at preventing your slippery nylon sleeping bag from oozing off the edge as you sleep.The large `` Boston '' valve is great for fast inflation and deflation.Prices are all over the place , so shop around . $ 15 on sale is good.My family has 4 of these . The walls are pretty thick -LRB- 14 mil -RRB- , but I have acquired 1 or 2 small punctures over the years . Easily repaired with duct tape or the included patch material . -LRB- Make sure you bring it . -RRB- Get a heavy nylon stuff sack , so it wo n't get punctured during storage or transport.It 's kind of heavy -LRB- 5.8 lbs -RRB- . Not a problem for car camping or in-home use .
 I slept on this for 4 months while living in a tent , and I loved it ! I did have to add some air a couple times a week , but I do prefer a very firm mattress . I found that once I learned how to use the manual pump , it was a great convenience . Otherwise , the bed 's the same as any other twin air mattress
 I bought it after reading the previous reviews so I knew it was going to be comfortable yet cumbersome to inflate . I inflated it quite easily with the bellows -LRB- by hand , not foot -RRB- but it took some time . It was quick enough , however , to make up for not having to carry a pump and remember to buy D batteries . I inflated it on my hardwood floor . I imagine it would be a little more difficult in a tent on grass . Once I try that -LRB- and if I remember -RRB- I 'll update this review . This is meant to be basic . If you look at if from that perspective , it 's great .
 Bought this for traveling , but my son has been testing it for over a week now . Out of the box it has a strong plastic odor that subsides after a day -LRB- I 'm overly sensitive to smells so this was great -RRB- . It 's held up well for a 150 # 5 ' 7 '' boy who 's not all that careful getting into and out of bed . It needs a shot of air added to it nightly before using again , but not more than a short burst just to tighten it up.Overall , we 're happy - it will do well on our trips .
 The quality of this mattress was great for the price I paid . We needed it for a young family member to sleep on , 13 years old , and she said it was very comfy , and not `` cold '' . I recommend this product .
 So I read the bad reviews and gave it a go anyway since it is wonderfully affordable . Yes it smells -LRB- it 's plastic so I assumed it would smell like plastic , no surprise -RRB- . Yes the foot petal takes longer than 2 mins to fill it up -LRB- try some where around 5 once you get the hang of it -RRB- . And correct this does not come with a bag.All of that aside for the price it did what it was supposed to do , kept a 200 lb guy off the ground for 6-8 hours . It did a great job of that for the price . So if you are looking for a simple design with no extras that may take a little leg power to pump up -LRB- and a cpr like move or two -RRB- you came to the right place look no further.At 6 ' 3 '' I had to curl up a bit to keep my feet on the mattress , so if you are a straight sleeper look for a longer bed however if this is for occasional use -LRB- especially outside given the plastic smell others ca n't stand -RRB- then go for it and expect what you pay for -LRB- functionality -RRB- and no more .
 I used this to sleep on at my son 's apartment for two weeks . It was quite comfortable , and although it lost a small amount of air , that may have been a `` first use '' issue due to air filling folds from the factory packaging as they straightened out . All in all it stood up very well to a big gal , a rambunctious 2-year-old grandson -LRB- who used it as a trampoline/crash pad a few times -RRB- and two cats !
 I got this bed this summer because I needed it to go on a missions trip to Philly . I slept on in for 15 nights straight without a single problem . The `` foot pump '' does take a while to fill it up and you have to push it just right or the air does n't get pushed into the bed . My major complaint is that a few weeks after I got home from philly I tried to use it again , and when I got it all blown up I left it for a couple of hours and when I got back it was partially deflated . I do n't know if I punctured it somehow or what but for the price it served my purposes admirably .
 We are not disappointed ! The mattress is easy to inflate ; stays firm ; easy to release the air & pack away . Great for camping & extra guests at home . It 's nice not to wake up on the ground with a rock in your back !
 The air mattress is very sturdy and easy to inflate and deflate . I was even able to get it back into the original box for storage ! I was surprised to find that it has a built it foot pump that was very easy to use . Well worth my $ $ .
 Not super impressive , but also not too bad.After six months -LRB- to the day -RRB- the `` ribs '' that hold it in a mattress shape came undone during the night . SPUNG ! and suddenly there is a big bump running down the middle of it . Then SPUNG ! another - now it 's half the mattress bulged out with nothing to hold it in mattress shape , so it 's shearing sideways and dumping me on the floor next to it as if I was laying on a partly inflated barrel shape.Can ' t really complain - it 's not bad for what it is . A cheap $ 20 air mattress with a built in foot pump.Pros : - The velvet stuff on top feels nicer than just laying on plastic . I put a thick blanket and sheet over it , but it 's still a nice touch . - It 's $ 20 -LRB- at least when I bought it -RRB- . - It has a built-in foot pump , in case you do n't have , or ca n't find , a better pump . - Not a bad size , for me at least , and I 'm 6 foot 3 . Cons : - SPUNG ! - The footpump is n't the most convenient thing in the world . It 's basically a square soft-plastic bellows , built into the corner of the mattress . You need to stand there and press it with your foot , blocking the airway and pushing the air into the rest of the mattress , then lifting your foot to unblock the airway and suck in more air . Works ok in the absence of anything else , but would n't want to have to do it all the time . Also , the footpump is soft plastic , but if you sleep in the corner much , it 's going to be lumpy . - The first few nights it seemed like it lost air , but I think the plastic just stretched . You will need to put in more air the first few times you use it , but then it will keep the same firmness , mostly . At least mine did . - I stepped on the side of it and it tore , just a bit . Fixed it with a couple layers of super-glue and packing tape , just to get it through the night until I ordered something else . Surprisingly , the patch lasted forever , or at least longer than the mattress , so I never needed to replace it until SPUNG ! . If you do n't want to have to MacGyver it though , you should be careful not to step on the side of it very hard . Maybe that was just mine ?
 I ordered this bed for my hubby after a couple of miserable and uncomfortable nights at scout camp on the VERY expensive REI quick set cot . -LRB- See reviews on their site . -RRB- Long story short , this provided a MUCH needed rest for a guy who is 6ft tall and a reluctant camper at best . The pump took a little getting used to . I 'm not sure exactly how it was designed to work . -LRB- The instructions are interesting to say the least . -RRB- But , I used a sock covered foot to cover the hole as I pressed down on it . Then , move your foot as you lift out of the way so that more air can fill the plastic chamber . It works . When you have it as stiff as you want it , put the cap on.For the price , it ca n't be beat .
 Just what I needed , just what I expected . This is definitely a cool , cheap buy . Inflates very well .
 I bought this mattress along with the full size and the intex air pump for a camping trip and I am definitely glad I got the air pump because the foot pump is pretty useless unless you have a couple of days and the leg muscles to pump this thing up . My advice , get the air pump and your little one will be a lot happier to not have to wait till christmas to get some rest .
 This is not the fanciest air mattress you can buy , but it was cheap -LRB- I paid $ 20 on Amazon -RRB- and it does the job . It is comfortable enough to sleep on for a few days -LRB- better than the floor/ground -RRB- and the fact that it comes with a pump built in means less stuff to store . The foot pump works , but it is not the easiest thing in the world to use . It took 5-10 minutes to get it blown up all the way . I like not having a pump to remember to take with it and I like not having to rely on batteries/power cord -LRB- good for camping -RRB- . If if I needed another air mattress I would get this again , but if I was getting a bigger size I would get one with a hand pump instead of the foot pump . -LRB- In fact I have a queen size Intex air mattress with a hand pump and it works great -RRB- .
 Foot inflation is slow but gets the job done . Ended up buying a battery operated inflation device which inflates fully in a couple of minutes . Sleeps great . You stay warmer not being in contact with the cold ground during cold weather camping .
 It seemed to deflate somewhat overnight , but it was very convenient to pump up with the built in pump . Good to have for extra sleep space .
 It is just what I need . It would be better if it did n't smell that bad.Put it outside in the fresh air first .
 I purchased this mattress for visiting a friends new house before the furniture arrived . It is very comfortable and once blown up was very easy to deflate and refill . The first time trying to open the valve to fill was quite difficult and frustrating but once I got it open the first time , it was easier after that . We stay up there on weekends and deflate when we leave although last time I left it inflated and it was still quite firm when I returned a week later . As stated by others it does need `` topping off '' of the firmness after a few days but I consider that normal . All in all I would recommend this mattress to anybody needing one that is reliable .
 Its a camping bed . It works like a camping bed . Its well made and reasonably priced . Not much else needs to be said .
 We got this for our 3 year old to sleep on at the beach . Of course he loved it ! What child does n't like an air mattress ?! When we laid on it it was very comfortable and he had great night sleeps ! It also lasted 3 boys playing on it as well . It was difficult to understand the directions to use the internal foot pump and we could n't figure it out on our own . Luckily we had a pump just in case ...
 great mattress for camping . added feature of self inflation is great for no electiricy evironments . really comfortable and air holds for days without need of additional inflation . definately recommend this product
 My husband slept on this for a week camping . He never had to add more air to it . That is more than I can say for the expensive alternatives . He did not use the foot pump , but rather used an electric pump , as is an option as well .
 Bought this for my then 4 year old granddaughter . It 's of such high quality that she has caught the biggest fish in the pond with it . Even the adults take a turn with it .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 yup , its round ... plastic , white , it hold a can or a can with a cup cooler just like the picture shows , AMAZING ! Cons
 Perfect replacement product for my boat . They are an exact fit and even have drainage holes in the bottom!Fast shipment and easy purchase .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 We buy these socks because they do n't have heels , and fit our son 's narrow feet , as well as come up to his knees for full coverage under his Ankle/Foot Orthotics -LRB- AFO 's -RRB- . They hold their shape and colors well . All around GREAT tube socks . -LRB- I RARELY give 5 stars to anything -RRB- .
 These socks were perfect height for my 7 year old . They were also not to hot and not to cold . He loved having these for baseball .
 Looks great , comfortable , but a lil too big ... wont work for narrow faces
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I will say that is a really good umbrella , wo n't fold in strong winds ... do n't u hate that.very easy on eye . . if you like yellow , BUT for $ 40 , now you know you 're paying for the name. , but if catch the deal it worth it trust .
 Very nice umbrella . Not only is it strong but big too and it looks very good and bright . After all , it is an umbrella . Sure I got it free with watch but $ 45 really is n't too much anyhow .
 This is really an outstanding umbrella in terms of weight to size . I guess that if you are a woman , the color would not be an issue . However , outside of a golf course , I just do n't see a man , any man , using this . If the color was n't bad enough , you have 4 giant red symbols and black text broadcasting to the south , north , east , and west of you .
 Got two for free during Invicta promotion . Without promotion , do n't think about paying $ 45.00 / umbrella . Way over-priced . ShopNBC is selling it for $ 19.99 each . Love the grip and the oversized umbrella . Good quality product .
 If you are a man with issues of masculinity then get a black umbrella so you can conform to the pack . If however you are not a lemming and you want to shine in unique fashion and advertise a brand you like then get one of these light and sturdy umbrellas . I would wait for specials or sales unless you have extra cash to throw around . I am not saying it is not worth the money I am saying deals abound all the time . This can also be used when walking on the beach for added protection . Especially if you have male pattern baldness or what I like to call a solar-panel . Once more to me Invicta rules and this stunning yellow umbrella reminded me it is better to make a fashion statement then fascist statement .
 I recently acquired a 65hp . 1963 Merc engine and had a trim kit installed . We were going to install the trim switch on the dash until a friend suggested trying the EJT1DP trim handle . Though designed for OMC , it mounted easily on the Merc controls and works great . Thumbs up !
 This unit was made for Johnson/Evinrude motors , but I adapted it to my '63 Merc1000 on an old speed boat I restored . -LRB- They did n't make power trim back then , but I adapted an early power trim unit to my old motor . -RRB- I bought this switch because it mounts right on the throttle handle for ease of trim adjustment . Once I figured out the wiring , it works great .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 This toy is a great concept . We saw some being demonstrated at our state fair . When I saw them here at half the price , I bought one.The first problem is it is unclear from the product description whether you are getting one or three fish . It 's one . There are three different colors , but no way to request a specific color if you are going for a set.The batteries are held in a compartment by screws for which I needed a special screwdriver to remove -LRB- one with extra torque -RRB- . Finally , the performance . We used the fish in a pool . It started off on the top because it had not been saturated with water . After about ten minutes , it was running just below water level . It is really , really cool . It could n't fight the filter 's water outlet `` upstream '' but a downstream journey took a while and it really looked good!Then my five year old son got his hands on it . He lifted it out of the water over his head once and took it to the bottom once . He 's a strong swimmer for a five year old . The koi fish proceeded to flounder on the bottom after that . We later found the battery compartment full of water.I do n't think my son abused the toy , but either it can not take that level of use , or the seals failed on their own . Either way , we got to use the toy for an hour , and now it 's dead .
 Bought for my 6-year-old granddaughter . Only time she got hurt was when she dashed off without the helmet in the recreation room ! They make both of us safer . She loves Barbie , so she 's good with wearing them . Thanks
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 RCBS No. 18 5 Station Shell Plate
 i use this sled for presses , and rows , along with dragging it.it 's a great item and would recommend it , , i do ` nt use the harness , and could ` nt figure out how to set it up , but then again i never planned on using it at all .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 the car is dirt cheap . when i had mine it was $ 500 + . now it is only like $ 250 - .
 This car is extremely fast . It is really fun to play with because it can go really fast and you can drive really far before u lose controll . If u want to get the best car get this one !!!!!!!!!!!! U have to carfull about the video camera and the screen they r fragile . This is very educational because idk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 Just the ticket for hauling along the essential extras
 I have a factory Trek bike rack and this bag fits fine on it , though I can see where some people might need some extra bungy cords . It does n't fit exactly , but pretty well . It has lots of straps all over to hold it on . I also like the expandable panniers for extra room . I often pick up unplanned groceries and other items while I am riding around .
 Perfect bag for a casual cyclist . Enough room for lunch and extra supplies inside , water bottle or other tie-down on top with simple to use elastic pull cord and two good-sized side bags that collapse into very compact , zipped up side pockets . Reflective strips on the sides and back . Carrying strap . Only thing that could be improved would maybe be the velcro straps -LRB- two on each side , two on the bottom -RRB- that strap to the bike rack . They need to be a little longer to provide a more secure hold .
 I was looking for a medium size pack to carry reflective rain gear , a bike lock , tools , spare tube etc. . I selected this bag because of the 1 '' wide reflective striping around the sides as compared to the narrow striping of most others . I believe a rider should be as visible as possible to drivers and this meets that need in a stylish way . The bag anchors well to my carrier rack with HD velcro and is easily removed if the need arises . It has plenty of extra storage space should I need room to carry a few items from the store without being a large bulky mass on the back of the bike .
 The Bag is nice , very good quality , but it is not so good for books . I bought it for my son , he uses it to carry his chain and lock . He still has to use a back pack for his heavy books . It falls over a lot and needs to be repositioned . It was a very good price . It is kind of thick and keeps your water bottle colder , than if you put it on your bike mount .
 The Sunlite Toploader 2 Bicycle Rack Bag exceeded our expectations . Overall this was an excellent transaction .
 This is a good quality item . I use it every day on my bike . It has a small compartment for keys , etc. , a mesh section under the zippered lid , a bungie cord on top of the lid and 2 small fold-away paniers on the side . I can get 1 shopping bag 's worth of groceries from the supermarket into the 3 sections -LRB- main and 2 sides -RRB- . It 's very useful and non-cumbersome and when the sides are folded in , it 's the same size as the rack it sits on . Great product !
 I 've been using the pack now for about three months . I purchased it for my bicycle ride to and from work every day . This is the second such pack I have used -LRB- with side panniers -RRB- . The first pack was a Sunlite but had small water proof zippers that fouled and stopped working after about a year . During the second year all three of the zippered pockets stopped working and the pack was worthless . This pack has large heavy duty zippers that I have full comfidence in working for years . Each zipper is covered with a substantial flap so some water proofing is still there which is important to me living in the Pacific Northwest -LRB- 50 + inches/year where I live -RRB- . I 'm very pleased with the pack . The only suggestion I would have would be to add reflective tape to the side of the side pockets for night use .
 This pannier rack bag is great . It expands in width so it is bigger than it appears . The side pockets even drop down almost like saddle bags if need be . If I had any complaints , it would simply be that I wish that it was just a little bit cheaper !
 Additional straps , etc. are needed to supplement the supplied Velcro connections , secure the bag , and keep it from sliding off the rack , especially when loaded . The various attachment points make this modification pretty easy . The bag itself is well laid out and a good compromise between a small carrier or basket and some of the larger packs that can get in the way and are meant for multi-day trips . With the fold-out panniers , a fair amount of groceries can be carried . The panniers should be used together , since one alone exerts enough force to pull the bag towards that size . The reflective fabric strips are worthwhile for traffic . This is a very good bag for the price . The illustration appears to be the somewhat smaller Toploader 1 .
 the built in pannier bags on the side are very useful for those trips to the store . you can fit 2 gallons of milk in the top loader part and then unzip the panniers when they are needed for other items . When they are not needed they stay neatly zipped away on the side . I wish it had some snaps to secure it to the bike thou . It has 4 velcro staps on the sides and 2 on the bottom . It secures it just fine and i 've not had any problems to this point ... but when those begin to wear out and loose some of there grabbing ability , there may be an issue there . Very sturdy material and waterproof .
 I used this bag for about 2 years to commute to work . it has a small pocket on the outside for keys/badge , etc. and a small mesh pocket under the lid where i keep a little kit with tube , etc. . Besides that I was able to fit my purse in the main compartment , a lunch in one of the panniers , and a change of clothes or shoes in the other pannier , and a jacket in the tie strap on the way home . I like that you can zip up the sides when you do n't need them . Now , I do n't commute but I still keep it on my bike for quick trips to the grocery store or just storage for trail rides . The only complaint I have is its a bit of a pain to get on and off if I want to switch it out for my grocery bags .
 I commute to work on my bike , and I need a bag to hold my clothes and what-not . This bag is nearly perfect for my needs . My shoes can squeeze into one of the side panniers -LRB- when not at work , my helmet just squeezes in -RRB- , my clothes in the other , with my lunch in the top , and a few tools in the zippered `` lid '' . I like the fact that the panniers can zip-up into the sides of the bag . There is a reflective strip on the back ; a little pouch in the back with a hook for keys ; and a little strap , that I use to hook my rear flasher onto . The bungee straps on the top can hold a myriad of odd shaped/over-sized items.On the downside , it attaches to the rack with hook-and-loop straps -LRB- which is fine in its self -RRB- that do n't quite fit how I would have thought , and yet still hold it firmly on . Plus there is a zippered pouch in the lid of the bag . The zipper goes the wrong direction -- when I lift the lid , the zipper pull is at the `` bottom , and when I un-zip it , I have to be careful not to let the contents fall out.However , I like it enough , that I 'm getting another one for my new bike .
 I like this bag in just about all ways but one
 The full size Ka-Bar fighting knife . A great knife with my choice of commemorative printed on it . Mine got here quickly , and the Ka-Bar quality is still there . More of a collector piece than a working knife , but I still like it . I recommend one of these commemoratives to anyone . Happy camper here .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 This toothbrush holder , along with the Falcons toothbrushes will make my favorite Falcons fan very happy ! I love it . Great gift idea !
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday . He loved it ! And the hole for the toothbrush was big enough to hold his electric toothbrush , so it was perfect !
 No surprises here what you see is what you get . Good addition to my seahawks bathroom . Best deal on the internet was right here ! GO SEAHAWKS !!
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I was keeping a lookout for these at a clearance price and when it finally hit I picked them up . Man , I was not dissapointed . Very high quality , exactly what you 'd expect from Arc . Lightweight , fast drying , and repels water nicely . So comfortable . Nice water resistant zips . Seems very durable.Only complaint I have is that the sizing is off . Every thing I read about the palisade was that they are trim fit so size up . Not the case . I am in between 30-32 waist so I went with the 32 and my size length 30 . Length was good and with the nicely made built in belt so was the waist . But overall they are way more baggy than I expected . So if you 're in between sizes I recommend to go smaller .
 I purchased this air mattress to bring over to a friends house and was very disappointed to find that it did n't come with an air pump to inflate . So I had to spend another $ 20 for the pump , although the total was still cheaper than other brands.I am now updating my review although I ca n't seem to change the rating from a 4 to a 1 !! After the second use I noticed the top mattress deflated during the night , so I took them apart and only used the bottom mattress . After 2 more uses the bottom one completely deflated as well ! I have tested both out to verify that they both leak.This product was a complete waste of money and I have now gone out and purchased the Aerobed that has a 3 year warrenty .
 I used this bed while camping and it was great.Having double mattress really makes sleeping much more comfortable since your higher off the ground.It also made you feel the normal loss of air less.It showed up in the retail box no extra packing , so the box was a little beat up.But there was no damage to the mattress and it works perfectly.I love it .
 I have used this pregnant and right after delivering baby . I have a terrible back after my fifth baby in six years but I have no problems sleeping on this . Not as comfortable without the two pieces , but better than most and nice to use the extra space when needed . The kids jump on and off it and no rips or holes yet !
 I got this for a recent camping trip with my wife , who 's 7 months pregnant . It worked great - my wife and I both thought it 's the most comfortable air mattress we 've ever slept on . It was firmer than other air mattresses and held its air very well , so it stayed firm and comfortable through the night , the most like a real bed of any inflatable mattress I 've had . Because it 's 2 mattresses thick , it 's easy to get into and out of -LRB- important for my wife -RRB- . Ours did n't have any leaking problems , and since I 've had that with mattresses before , I blew it up a few days before camping and left it in the den , where my 2 year old son used it for a trampoline , and it is n't any worse for wear . My only suggestion is to make sure you have a power pump - it would be a real drag to have to inflate this with a foot or hand pump .
 I still ca n't believe this mattress is so inexpensive . It is very comfortable and well made , and in a pinch , it can become two queen sized mattresses rather than one . We use it as a guest bed , and it has been great . An excellent deal .
 Good product , easy to use . Excellent . Had it for three years and used it for four times . I have n't had any trouble with it .
 I ordered 2 sets so I would have a thousand chips . Both sets are the same but they do not look like the picture you are showing for the 14g chip , they look like the picture of the 11.5 g chip , plus nowhere on the boxes they came in does it say ' 14g ' , so I 'm not sure I got the right sets . The emblem on the side of the boxes is that of the 11.5 g chip not the picture of the emblem you show of the 14g chip ! They are nice sets and they come in a great case but they do n't look like the picture you are showing of the 14g chip !
 Me and my husbands fav kinda chips to play with !!! We love them . Something about a great set of clay chips just feels good .
 Have used it a couple of times . Ice lasted for at least a couple of days , until we used it up . Just what we wanted . Received promptly and in great condition . Thanks
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Invicta 's 3076 -LRB- Scooby -RRB- is a homerun for dive watch collectors ... It is a unique watch in the Invicta lineup and has some styling firsts that separate it from other dive watches . Overall - it has a Swiss Movement - probably Asian assembly and is feature rich for the price . Let 's look at the watch and give you it 's strengths and weaknesses.Overall AppearanceThis is a good looking watch . Brushed stainless steel case and bracelet , etched diver ss back , two tone bezel and a stainless steel bracelet to die for . . size and weight - balance on the wrist that no other watch in the price range can equal.CaseApproximate 44mm brushed stainless steel with a crown protector . Weight in excess of 230 gr . A very scratch resistant Sapphire Crystal , granite gray dial with `` Tritnite '' Invicta lume that starts great and fades quickly . Not the best lume for dives over 45 minutes at depth in dark water . A thick case to accommodate the ETA 2824 automatic movement . A two tone unidirectional bezel with sawtooth edge - rich dark red indicates reserve air time against a very scratch resistant black painted 120 click uni-directional bezel ... Case/watch is 500 meters water resistant.Movement `` Swiss '' ETA 2824 25 jewel movement with ample power reserve - probably asian assembled from Swiss parts -LRB- based on price -RRB- and a quality good time keeper for me . Date complication - no cyclops -LRB- date magnifier -RRB- . BraceletThe monster 27mm stainless steel bracelet makes this watch a winner . Pin linked -LRB- loctite this sucker after sizing -RRB- and a comfort and balance on the wrist that has to be worn to be believed . Brushed finish to hide scratches - double safety clasp - the outer clasp might appear ` tinny ' for some of us - no wetsuit deployment . The bracelet width makes for a good balance against the case - the big watch is not case/topheavy . Might be too large for smaller wrists ... Should I buy this watch?A unique blend of sport , diver and casual watch . It is unique in looks and comfortable on the wrist . Those not familiar with pin collar linked bracelets need to loctite ALL the pins after sizing ... -LRB- recommend an experienced jeweler -RRB- The Scooby might be too heavy or bulky for those used to a quartz watch - the thick , rounded case and massive bracelet will get you lots of looks . The etched scuba diver on the caseback is attractive - the granite gray dial is unique for a diver . Serious divers note there is no wetsuit deployment - 500 meter water resistance/depth is beyond most human endurance - deep divers stick to watches with a helium release valve.The verdict is a winner for the price . Looks , quality , functionality and comfort for the dive watch collector . If you like a big diver in your collection with a workhorse ETA 2834 movement - run - do n't walk to the shopping cart and bring one home ... The reviewer is a moderator on an internet watch forum and the owner of 8 Invicta and 20 watches overall ...
 without a doubt one of not only the nicest invicta watches i have ever owned looked at or tried on but one of the best watches period . i did alot or research on this one before buying it and glad i did and ever more happy that i bought this watch . its a very heavy made and sturdy watch to wear . its water resistant to 500 meters and the saphire crystal on this watch is one of the best i have seen . the braclet on this one is worth the money alone its a very wide thick extremely made ss braclet . again not just by invicta but by any watch standard its one of the nicest well made watches i have ever owned . it without a doubt rivals many other higher end well known watches if not better and for the price u cant beat it . overall i rate this as one of the best watches i have ever seen or owned if u can get ur hands on this watch u will not be disappointed at all . definately a must have watch !
 this might be hard to get your hands on now but if you can get this one you 've got your hands on one of invicta 's best , its a everyday anytime watch , every since I got it its the only watch I 've worn and I have 20 other watches .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love this setup . I have a carbon frame so I ca n't attach anything to it . I swapped out the seat post for an aluminum one and attached one of these mounts . The bag just slides on and off ! No more hassling with Velcro straps.I have had this system for a couple of years and no problems except for mounting a tail light . I have had to make up my own mount . If not for that I would give it 5 stars .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 The item came with more then I had expected . The 3 fully assemble darts had a very slick appearance and feel to them . They were heavier then anything I have throw before but I quickly got used to them . The replacement stems are surprising much lighter then the ones that come assembled .
 Did n't really like the darts that are thin . A lot of different companies sent us free darts while in Iraq and I was never good at it . I ordered these and have been winning in Cricket ever since . The weight is perfect for a larger man like myself that needs more a grip on objects like this . The look of them is n't bad either . The darts have hit the sand and ground quite a few times now and have n't broke . When I get darts from now on they will be Halex just like these .
 these are wonderful darts . The only reason they did not get 5 out 0f 5 was the case . It is hard to open , unless you do n't want it to . If you do not travel with the darts or you have a better case to put them in , then this is a good buy .
 I like those darts better than the most expensive I own since 19 years ago , and by now Iam using just a pair of sets 18 gr and 20 gr , I choise the weight basically on the basis of my arm feeling at the moment of the game.I think that with those darts I will earn a lot of money cause I got them for $ 8 dollars each set of three darts , a very low price for that kind.I hardly recommend them for beginner and for pro players ... both players category are going to have a very nice experience with them .
 I 've owned quite a few sets over the years . Some considerably more priced than these . For the price , they are an excellent set . I own a 20 year old bristle board and no damage to the board as stated by earlier reviewers . Nor have I had an issues with replacement flights . Spend more if you like but I highly recommend them .
 I looked all over the internet for these grips I was so happy to find the grips my electric bike is black to find black grips was pretty good very very happy happy thanks again Amazon keep up the good work !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 THIS A GREAT TREADMILL . IT 'S FAIRLY EASY TO ASSEMBLE AND IS EXTREMELY QUIET . THE BEST DEAL I COULD FIND FOR UNDER $ 800 .
 I love the treadmill , it has fantastic programs and the track is comfortable to run on . It was also easy to use , I have n't even looked at the manual . I had someone set it up for me and they said it was really easy to put up as well . Over all it is a great product . If it helps make your decision to buy this or not , we looked it up on consumer reports and it was well liked.My only complaint is not about the product , but about how it was shipped through Eagle . They dropped it off in my garage and did n't bring it into the house . Lucky for me my boyfriend can dead lift 250 pounds and he carried it down the steps for me . So if you buy this on line call Eagle or the shipper to make sure they have enough guys to bring it into your workout room , or just be able to lift it yourself . Plus , the packaging was falling apart , and one of the bands snapped and the `` legs '' popped open .
 I bought this treadmill for home use , especially for winter evenings when it gets too cold to go outside . After 2 months of use , I can confidently state that I am very happy with this product . I do n't know how good it is for speed running , but it is great for someone like me who wants to run at 6-8 MPH , 3-5 % incline , for 30-60 minutes every other day.Initially , there were some glitches to overcome , though I guess they would have occurred regardless of brand or model - a treadmill is a beast to carry ! When it first arrived , since the delivery team would not take it to the basement , I had to let the CST4 .5 lie in the garage for a week or so . Then I got a friend to help me carry it in . We took it inside in sections to make sure neither of us died carrying the thing . While installing , the screws would not fit into the left support column . Worse , the motor did not work.The service folks at Horizon were very helpful though they insisted I do some initial diagnoses and try to make the thing work . Since the service desk only works the day shift , I had to take off from work to speak to them - this is a definite strike against Horizon . Anyway , as per their instructions , I had to take the bottom and top covers off the motor . This required me to get at some hard-to-reach screws using an L-wrench and thumb-sized screwdrivers . After a couple of hours , I had the motor exposed and was able to run the tests that the online service person instructed me to conduct . As I guessed , the control board had failed . This is strike two against Horizon - poor quality check on shipped items.A week later , a replacement control board was mailed along with a new left column . I also requested a service person to come install the whole thing and reassemble the motor housing . About 14 days later , a gentleman came over who installed the new control board and forced the retaining screws into the left column . I have a feeling he stripped the screws , which I can verify only when I have to disassemble the thing if and when I move houses . Hopefully this will not happen soon!Since then I have been using the treadmill with no problem . Everything works fine . Watch out for the program setitngs though ; anything other than P1 will cause speed and incline to shift every 90 seconds which is too short an interval for me . It takes a while to figure out how to set duration and a custom program . However , I think this is quite normal for anything we buy these days . It is certainly not as difficult as trying to program a DVD recorder.On the whole , I think the CST 4.5 is a good value purchase . I was pleasantly surpised when Amazon informed me that the price had dropped by $ 100 and credited me that amount . If the model is still available , I would recommend its purchase to anyone looking for a good treadmill . FYI , Consumer Reports rated it pretty highly too . Good luck !
 I 've now had this treadmill for two years and put it thru all the paces and over 2,000 miles at speeds from 12MPH -LRB- full sprint -RRB- to 4MPH -LRB- walking -RRB- and all the inclines as well . I walk about 2-3 miles a week and run about 20 miles a week on it , at around 8MPH and I weigh 170 . I use mostly the ` manual ' process where I change incline/speed on the run ... but also set up two custom workouts . I 've only had to reset the mat twice -LRB- it eventually will slide to the side and start catching a bit -RRB- and also have only lubricated / cleaned once , though it 's due for another . That process was also relatively easy , but you need to dedicate a 1/2 hour . I ca n't see spending > $ 1,000 on a treadmill !
 This is a great treadmill for home use . I use it 5 + times per week , mostly walking and some light jogging . It 's pretty quiet and allows me to watch TV while using the treadmill without turning the volume up too high . I 've had it about 3 months now , and used it nearly daily without problems . I do n't think it 's a gym-caliber treadmill that would withstand constant use and abuse , but it 's great for home use . Also , when the treadmill arrived , one of the plastic caps at the end of the belt was broken . We contacted Horizon , and had replacement parts within 5 days , so the company seems to stand behind their products .
 wonderful value - only issue is they deliver it threshold only so I had to pay someone else to get it upstairs ...
 For years , my husband told me we could n't own a treadmill because they are too expensive , tear up too easily , cost a lot to repair and we would never use it anyway . I persisted for 17 years and finally for our 17th anniversary , he told me I could get one ! I researched treadmills on Consumer Reports website and found this one to be a best buy . We went to several stores and looked for one but the prices were all over the place . I searched online and found it on Amazon at one low price , no tax and no shipping . It was way less than anywhere else . In a week , I received a call from the shipper and a time was set for delivery . They were great and came on time , brought in into my home and I actually assembled it all by myself ! It has worked perfectly . It 's easy to use , it 's quiet . I have used it at least 5 times a week since August and I have never felt better ! I highly recommend this purchase !
 I bought this backpack about 2 years ago . It is still in excellent condition , and it use it ROUGH every day . It fits my body like a glove - I 'm 5 ' 6 and about 120 lbs . -LRB- I own the M/L size -RRB- I did a lot of research before purchasing it , but it was really the way it feels that sealed the deal . It can handle a lot of weight , and still be very comfortable . The shoulder straps are wider and more flat - like those of Arcteryx packs , but they feel incredibly comfortable and very supportive . There is also a waist belt to put more of the weight onto your hips - it is also wider and more flat , but does a great job of transferring the weight , and is super comfortable . I sound like I 'm the owner of this company with this review , but I just ca n't believe I 'm the first person to review this pack ! I 'm 26 and I 've gone through lots of backpacks - this one is just phenomenal . It also has a built-in laptop envelop , which doubles as a camelbak water bladder holder when hiking -LRB- it has a hydration port as well -RRB- . It has a large back section , and a mid-size front section . The front section has a great organizer zipper panel within it as well . It has one large water bottle pocket on one side , and a velcro soft-pocket on the other . It also has a kind of secret pocket on the back , above where the shoulder straps attach . The back of it is made of ridged firm foam - it keeps you cool and does n't create any pressure points on your back , even if you 're carrying around a bunch of oddly shaped pieces of pottery . This is the perfect backpack . And if anyone wants to know anything else about it - feel free to email me . The only bad thing about this bag is that it is n't made in the USA - I 'm big on labor standards , but ... if you use it for years , I think it 's worth it .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Tis is a really good and reliable knife got to me really quick and the only thing is that the hande and a little scruffs on it but no big deal it dosent matte it is gunna be inure hand the whole time ure usingit and it can be strapped to ure leg also gobe witha tough cloth sheath and not a plastic one but still i would recemend to anyone ... and it is one of the sharpest knives i have ever owned .
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 This ball is very high quality . The walls of the ball feel a lot thicker than other stability balls I 've seen . I use mine as an alternative to a desk chair at work . I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and it seems to be the proper height for me.Be sure to purchase a good air pump . This ball did n't come with an air pump , but usually the pumps that come with these types of balls are n't very good anyway.I had a small slice in the first ball they sent me , that looked like it could have been with a box cutter in their warehouse . There was no air leaking but I was still concerned . I sent the company an email and I was responded to very quickly . The representative told me to throw out the damaged ball and she was sending me a new one that day . Perfect hassle free customer service experience . I could n't have asked for anything more . Great company . Great ball .
 I work in a desert location in the Middle East . I walk on concrete surfaces daily launching , recovering aircraft . When I first got here I started getting blisters on my feet , seemingly regardless of what I wore . I started rotating my shoes and then I found these socks on Amazon.com . My wardrobe has nearly 200 pairs of socks of all kinds that I tried but these ClimaCool 's from Adidas are the best yet . They let my feet breathe and they 're cushioned in all the right places . Better than anything I 've used to date . Git 'em !!!
 These socks I bought for cycling and they are fantastic . They breathe very well , keep my feet cool , and dry off very quickly . I would definitely buy these again .
 I do not usually write reviews but found the previous reviews to be sooooooo very helpful that I decided to contribute my two cents.I bought these socks for Christmas gifts . My son , who is a mailman , said these are by far the best socks he has ever owned . They keep his feet cool and dry in our Florida weather . Thanks for all your great reviews ! We love them .
 I was a little hesitant spending so much on socks , however I am very satisfied with this product . These socks in particular are a great length -LRB- not to high or low on the ankles -RRB- and breath very well . In fact , I occasionally had issues with my feet not breathing properly through normal socks . These climacool socks remedied that issue and are quite light and comfy . I would recommend them to anyone looking for a lighter more comfortable sock .
 I live in Vegas and during summer it gets hot . I was finding that my shoes would smell after walking the dogs and my wife recommended these socks . Bought a pair and they are great at airing out my foot and allowing the sock to breath . Even on long walks my socks dont get nearly as sweaty as they used to and the great thing is my shoes are smelling better . They wear better than anticpated -LRB- the sock is thinner than my typical sport socks -RRB- and dont shrink in the wash.All in all a great product .
 As a stocking stuffer it was great . It is proudly attached to my the car it was entended for . One Broncos fan is very happy .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 The pendant was just as described when I received it , it was really more detailed than I thought it would be everything about it is so detailed really done by a pro I love it and will shop more with this jeweler in the near furture and as far as price up with the market and shipping was super fast in all my rating is a AAAAA + could not be no better Your 's truly a amazon.com shopper ...
 This rack is simple , yet , very versatile for storing handguns . Either barrel down or barrel up , both work fine . I like the lightness of this product , yet , strong for full metal guns .
 This is a nice tent at a very economical price . Its just the right size for two full grown adults . I went backpacking with it in West Virginia and it worked out very well . Light , compact , and functional . No problems to report ... though I would highly recommend using a sleeping mat with a sleeping bag ... just a sleeping bag is not enough ... the floor is paper-thin like most tents , so do yourself a favor , get a comfortables night sleep , and invest in a sleeping mat as well .
 Very easy to set up and roomier than you would think . You do have to stake this tent down , it wo n't standup without it so it can be difficult if you are on sand , rock or other places where staking is difficult but I have slept in it in all of those circumstances and always figured a way to tie it down or something . Very light , it 's about 2.5 feet long when all packed up and it is sometimes a little tricky to roll tight enough for the sleeve . I have only been in light rain in this tent -LRB- live in Arizona -RRB- but never felt a drop . I would definitely recommend this to the single person or couple who are hobby campers .
 Good replacement to the Yamaha OEM 's -LRB- MAR-FUELF-IL-TR -RRB- that coast about 1/3 more at my local Boat shop . Fit properly onto my existing Yamaha head with no problems and does great job removing water as it should . Always order two -LRB- free shipping -RRB- and keep a spare on board.For you F150 Four stroke owners , the Yamaha OEM oil filter can be replaced with a Toyota 90915-YZZG1 it 's made by the same folks at Denso only cost $ 4.50 rather than $ 32.50 at the Boat store .
 Same as old filter so it fit right back and was a great price . A good filter to seperate water from the gas .
 I installed 2-filters on my boat and they fit as they should with no leaks . I also had no problems with fuel flow after installation.Everything worked as it should .
 Glad I purchased these along with my new soft dart board -LRB- the darts included with the board were less than desirable -RRB- . Also my first set of darts purchased and they have very few bounce outs and the flights stay put . They also come with an extra set of flights along with other replacement parts . I would purchase again .
 They are a great weight and have help me improve my shot and accuracy . Thank you what a great deal .
 The darts I received were 15 grams , which turned out to be a good weight -- shafts are quite slender compared with most all-brass equivalents ... these are 80 % tungsten , I believe . Flights stayed put well in the pre-assembled shafts , less so in the alternate , plastic shafts which were included , but still not bad . We are casual home players and these are a nice step up from the darts that came with our electronic board .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I just received this a few days ago and used it in the deep water of our pool for about one hour . Wow ! What a great workout ! I am waiting for orthopaedic surgery on my knee and ca n't run on land so I thought I would try this with the aquajogger ` booties ' . They work great ! I 've trained for and completed 4 full and 6 half maratons in the past 3 years and did n't want to lose my fitness . The aqua jogger fit belt and aqua jogger booties are a great pair ! This `` fit '' belt definitely fits a women 's shape much better than the classic belt .
 I purchased this when I got injured while training for a marathon . I am a petite female and it fits well , but I found the belt will cause me to chafe on my lower back when aqua jogging for more than an hour -LRB- I wear a bikini and wear this in the ocean -RRB- . The strap is adjustable , so perhaps I need to make it more snug , otherwise I 'll wear a rash guard to prevent future chafing . The material is of good quality and it has held up well with salt water . I tried aqua jogging without the belt and it 's a lot harder and I tend to sink . I live in Hawaii , so I just hop in the ocean and aqua jog about 500 meters and back , so it 's not as boring as if I were in a pool . I rinse it off afterwards and keep it in my car . I 'm happy with my purchase and even though I 'm starting to run again , I see the benefits of aqua jogging -LRB- especially when it 's too hot to run -RRB- .
 This belt works quite well for me . I am satisfied with the cost and I received it without delay . I recommend it to women of average size .
 I absolutely love this product ! Because I am very petite , I was worried that the belt would be too big and bulky . But it is perfect . It does n't rub or chafe and does the job exactly as promised . Good buy for use by small women or kids .
 I bought this when I was about 50 lbs . heavier -LRB- I am now about 145 -RRB- and it can not be tightened enough - I goes up to my armpits . Very uncomfortable . I am going to look for another product . When I was heavier it was fantastic , even when I went up to 220 lbs .
 This is actually my 2nd aquajogger , yes , I am a runner and did get my first one to train in the pool if I was ever injured . But mostly I use it for swimming purposes . My eyes are allergic to cholerine so I ca n't get my eyes in to the pool . This allows me to swim head out with no problem and get a great arm workout . I , however am sorry I did n't get the men 's jogger , I am 5 ' 8 '' and weigh only 133 lbs but the women 's one is small on me , the average sized woman would not fit the women 's belt . Buy the mans one .
 I purchased this Aqua Jogger for my daughter who is 16 and has special needs . We were taking her with us to Hawaii and wanted her to feel secure in the pool . My daughter 's mental capacity is such that she requires constant supervision around water , but the Aqua Jogger was very helpful when we played with her in the pool or took her around the lazy river . The Aqua Jogger fit nicely -LRB- she weighs about 90 pounds -RRB- and held her upright in the water . It also lays pretty flat so it fit nicely in her suitcase .
 I use the Aqua Jogger for my water aerobics class and it makes it so much better . I am able to concentrate on the exercises while in the deep end and not have to worry about sinking !!! I am not a strong swimmer and this has made all the diference .
 I found the aqua jogger to be very beneficial workout , you can work out all parts of the body with virtually no impact on yourJoints . I put on my CDs and go for at least 1hour , and could still do more . I 'm 64 years young and I love it . Best investmentI have made . I purchased this item through Amazon
 I bought this based on the other reviews and I was n't disappointed . I had to use the belt while recovering from a stress fracture and it worked great ! You do have to have it on tightly though so it does n't ride up on you once you get into deeper water . I had fun `` running '' up and down the deep section of the pool .
 The AquaJogger arrived in good shape in a timely fashion . Someone suggested putting it on as tight as possible before getting in the water , and that was a good suggestion , to insure that the belt is in the proper position to keep you upright . The exercises included with the belt are good and effective ~ just remember to keep it up for about 30 minutes to see any results . The exercise program included with the belt allows one to exercise in the water with less strain on knee and hip joints , while working all major muscle groups .
 Belt works wonderfully . Lightweight , does n't slip much , and you almost forget it 's there after a few minutes . Great inexpensive product is better than the Speedo version because of all the reasons listed above plus it dries quicker . Would definitely and already have recommended . Only wish it came in more colors .
 The product was everything it was advertised to be and arrived sooner than expected . It is a well made product and more than serves its purpose .
 It fits my needs very well . It is light weight which makes it very comforable and the price was reasonable .
 i really like this product.you must make sure what size you need prior to order , as i had to send one back.i am using it daily and gives me good work out.people have asked me how to order.i wish they make it little narrow , but it met my expectations.Great product for non swimmers .
 I sustained a hyper-extension injury in my sacrum and found that running laps in the deep end of a swimming pool while wearing a flotation aqua jogger was the very best way to regain my core strength .
 Works as advertised . It is comfortable and I do n't have a problem with it riding up . I may have to get the hand weights now .
 Aqua jogger is a great start to water exericise . It holds you up so you can jog , do jumping jacks , bicycle , and many other helpful stretches without the aftermath of pain as in land exercise .
 I bought this to use until I can run again once my stress fracture heals . I like it , it does exactly what I though it would .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I got this for my son for a 6-week camping trip to the Canadian Rockies and rainy Alaska and believe me this little jacket got a workout ! Never a leak , never a split seam . These are fantastic ! The only nit I would pick is that they are not at all warm . If you will be in a place that is cool -LRB- or cold -RRB- , get a size larger so you can wear layers underneath . As a straight rain jacket in warm weather , it 's perfect !
 I love this jacket . I 'm looking forward to using it in the rain.I 'm a woman 's XS and found the boys jackets significantly cheaper priced . It makes a great replacement to a woman 's XS , well-fitted except it is a little baggy around the chest -LRB- length of jacket and sleeps are great -RRB- but nothing significant . If you 're a woman 's XS looking to save some money - definitely recommend it !
 We bought 3 - one for each kid . They 're lightweight , easily compress for stuffing into a book bag , and keep the rain off . They also have held up to the general rough-and-tumble exposure that any child puts clothing through .
 We spent 2 days of consistent rain during a recent cub scout event and thisjacket kept my son dry throughout the weekend . The rain was constant but notcrazy heavy , winds were moderate -LRB- 10mph -RRB- . I would buy this jacket again .
 It was raining for days on end here in Florida and I needed a new rain jacket . I am a short woman and know I can fit into a boy 's x-large jacket . I was a little worried ordering this on line as sometimes , sizes can differ . And it fits me like a glove . It repelled the water great and it is comfy . I am very satisfied with this purchase and being a boys , it saved me some money too !
 This coat is great ! My son is a large nine-year-old -LRB- about the size of a typical 10 year old -RRB- , and the size Large fit him perfectly , with a little room to grow . It is warm and waterproof . Very sharp looking , too .
 El material esta perfecto , transpirable y completamente impermeable . Excelente producto . solo le falta que le coloquen un bolsillo tipo Napole&oacute;n .
 Great coat ! Well made , light weight , awesome colors . My son is green obsessed and he loves it . Marmot is awesome .
 Love these Jackets . VERY good quality . I bought 2 . Kids stayed warm and DRY . Rolling and going crazy in the snow . Major snowball fights . Jacket worked perfect ! Also thin so we can use during warmer weather too . Packed in the suitcase easy .
 A friend of mine brought a set of these on a camping trip and at first I thought `` what a novelty '' , after using them I thought `` holy crap , where have these things been all my life ! '' . After using his I promptly purchased a solo set for myself and am looking forward to my next trip out . I 'll be taking these with me to a primitive camp ground in False Cape and I 'll be dinning in class ! Whats great is they are very easy to clean , pack , hardly take up any space and are very lightweight -LRB- a huge plus for any hiker/biker -RRB- . The plate , bowl and cup are very sturdy when put together and handle hot dishes with ease . The cup also substitutes as a measuring cup as it has oz . markings on the side -LRB- very handy in a pinch -RRB- . I ca n't say enough good things about this product.I recommend this product .
 I 've used this set twice now . They are very easy to assemble and do hold liquid very well . Clean-up is a bit tough , had to unfold them to scrub them down , not sure if they would hold up to constant folding and unfolding without developing leaks . The big advantage is of course space , I was able to slide these right against the frame of my pack , taking up virtually no usable area .
 An excellent product . I have purcvhased it TWICE now . Friends continue to ask to use them , forcing me to buy for , as gifts .
 This hoodie is great . Every cubs fan should have one . Everyone compliments it .
 I tend to shop around brands when buying knives and I have found that Buck has the best price to quality ratio I have found . They are as high quality as my more expensive SOGs and Pumas . This knife holds its edge well and sharpens up quickly . It , as a truck knife , has been used for purposes ranging from cutting rope , small wire , hoses , opening up boxes , cutting limbs out of shooting lanes to dressing game when I have no other knife handy . It also has a very thick blade and does well as a pry bar . The only complaints i have about the knife are the serrations and the sheath.I love serrations for cutting/sawing things that would dull a straight-edge but this knife has way too long a serration . The serration should be cut in half , this would still provide plenty of length but keep a good deal of straight edge for task suited to this type of blade . As it is only 1/3 of the blade is straight-edge so you have to really control your slicing lest you start sawing with the serrations.The sheath is adequate but they should make one similar to the full-length Nighthawk for this shortened version . The butt is great for hammering things but you have to grip the handle since the sheath is designed only to hol the knife during carry and not for high-intensity tasks.If you are looking for a good , inexpensive fixed blade as a `` go to '' knife then this is the best one !
 This knife has my vote as one of bucks best knifes , very strong , hevy , and holds an edge very well !
 This is the 655 `` short '' Nighthawk with olive drab -LRB- OD -RRB- grip and serrated blade . I 've been looking for a reasonably priced multi-purpose knife and had hoped to find something made in the USA if possible . I already own a Gerber Prodigy , and the Nighthawk compares favorably in most regards . As seems to be the case with quality knives -LRB- and other products -RRB- this is now discontinued , so I bought mine used . The blade is made of 420HC steel , with serration along roughly two-thirds of its length . At first glance , the handle seems to match the black-finished blade , but feels like some type of composite material . The grip inlay is made of textured rubber , and although it 's hard to tell from pictures , there is also a small thumb-rest of the same rubber . The Nighthawk has an exceptionally comfortable feel and balance that is superior to many of the imported knives in the same price range , especially when considering the length of the blade in relation to the handle . Using it in cold or wet conditions , with or without gloves , should n't be a problem.Most questions about the knife can be answered simply by looking at it , and in this case that includes its shortcomings . For one thing , this is n't technically a full-tang knife , and you wo n't want to use the handle to pound nails or break through glass . Furthermore , the `` seams '' in the handle , while about as clean as can be hoped for , bring into question the durability of the handle construction overall . As stated in other reviews , the serration really is a bit longer than probably necessary , although this is a matter of preference and could prove useful for some purposes . Neither of these complaints outweigh the positives of the Nighthawk , and in my limited experience , there usually has to be some compromise when trying to make a knife that 's as comfortable as it is functional . The only other negative , which I feel does warrant docking one star , is the sheath . Although there is some sort of plastic insert to keep the blade from cutting right through , the nylon sheath is barely adequate . The stitching is sturdy enough , but there is only a single belt loop and a single strap to hold the knife in place . For light use , it is probably sufficient , but I would not expect the sheath to survive serious outdoor activities and certainly would n't rely on it for military applications , so a proper tactical sheath would be money well spent for such purposes.As for the knife itself , the Nighthawk is suitable for a wide range of tasks , from utility use to self-defense . If you can find one , do n't hesitate to buy it .
 I must say I really like the overall build quality of this knife , the ergonomic handle feels great in your hand . This particular knife has one really thick blade ! I 'm sure this will only add to the knives durability . If you put it head to head with the fixed blade zero tolerance knives , it 's a steal . Easily close to half the price . I agree with the other reviewer that said the serration was too long , it really is . Most of us hardly ever use the serrated part of any knife . This issue is the only reason I did n't give the knife 5 stars .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I really liked this knife . It has a nice long blade and a really steardy case .
 This was purchased as a gift for one of our grandson 's - he was very happy with it . Priced right .
 I purchased this for my older son who is a die hard Yankee fan !! Not only was I happy with delivery time and super great deal , but he also loves it so much that he too sleeps with it on !!! GREAT !!!!!
 Great product to keep dogs from crapping in your yard . . just spray it on some droppings or the area that got crapped on that the dog 's owner never bagged -LRB- idiots -RRB- ; result - they 'll never be back on your yard again !
 Okay well maybe not , but you never know . My primary reason for buying this brand is that it is `` EPA tested '' which means it can be shipped to California . This does n't mean it is any less powerful than regular pepper spray or bear spray -LRB- my research is that most of this stuff is more or less the same , some people with swear by pepper spray vs mace but when it comes down to it , it still burns ! -RRB- . This has n't been tested on a bear or any other creatures yet , but the container itself is large but compact enough to easily carry . The safety switch comes out easily and should n't be a problem to use , even under pressure . Pair this with the mace brand bear spray holder/belt clip and you will be perfectly set and hopefully protected !
 Plan for the worst hope for the best , that why I got it ! It is helpful to purchase a side holster when you order this !
 I sprayed it in the house to test it and had to leave and open all the doors . I do n't know if it will keep a bear away , but it should work on a person or a dog .
 We were completely free of bears on our camping trip , so the spray must have worked . We did study the product and it looked as though it would be easy to use had it been necessary . If we had actually got to use it on a bear to good effect I would have given it a 5 .
 When I 'm not busy pepper spraying protestors I use this stuff . It is great for dealing with the wife and other very annoying people.-Pepper spray cop
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This knife is NOT for the hunter in the family . A huntingknife needs to be a slightly better quality and not so lethallooking . I collect knives and this one always draws a lot ofinterest from anyone enjoying the view of my collection.A hunting knife it ai n't , a collectable it is .
 Does n't slip out of the drum major 's mouth while conducting ! Lightweight , yet powerful enough to be heard in the football stadium .
 Our dog responds super well to this whistle , though it does take a lot of lung power to get it to carry if he is really far away . Very comfortable to use with the soft rubber for the teeth and not having a ball that can freeze up in winter is a big plus .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Everybody in the officating world knows that a Fox 40 whistle is the ONLY one to buy . So for you fellow officials out there -LRB- and coaches -RRB- you can skip this one . For the rest of you
 Very nice very nice very nice very nice very nice very nice very nice people i like everything from this people
 We use these whistles for our leaders in our church ministries . Raising voices and yelling to get kids/teens attention is n't something we want to do . A whistle is a good way to get kids attention , start and stop games , etc. . The best whistles we 've used , easy to sanitize each week , loud and no ball in the middle to get messed up .
 As a Physical Education teacher and coach , this product is a must . It was nice to find them at an affordable price on Amazon . Thanks for a great deal !
 Middle school teachers need something to overcome the noiselevel of a room full of excited middle schoolers . This one quiets them all .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Okay first start off by saying i bought it a while ago , and its nice , but does n't come with a sheath , but i made my own with duct tape and patience . i was using it for EOD related work and it melted the tip after very little time -LRB- about an actual second -RRB- , but amazingly did not completely melt . i 've had to re sharpen the tip myself . still though i 'd buy another few more . Its worth the money.And BTW , dont try to go trhu metal detectors with this , new metal detectors are n't just metal reactive , but react to DENSE materials , which hard plastic very much qualifies . Good luck ...
 I think this is a nice knife for self defense . It 's well made for it 's price . Note this is not made of steel it 's a fiberglass material .
 Who said a blade has to be made of metal to wound , or kill a bad guy?This push dagger is made out of an interesting polymer/fiberglass material that is very lightweight and fairly durable . I say fairly durable because if you put the middle of the blade in a vice -LRB- hydraulic clamp -RRB- , and put maybe 5-10 pounds of pressure on the handle , the blade will snap . Also the spear tip tends to wear down pretty much no matter what , but the blade material is soft enough that its easy to re-sharpen . The edge is not sharp . I can run my finger down the edge -LRB- with pressure applied -RRB- and it wo n't cut me . I 've tried to sharpen the edge , but the blade material keeps kicking my butt -LRB- it may be better for you more experienced sharpeners though -RRB- . It 's a bit big to carry in the pocket . In the boot is ok , but I find the best place , for me , is in the waist-band . Yes it will kill . No it is n't going to replace a good metal blade , but it 's not a bad backup or lightweight emergency defensive tool .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 good to have as an extra bed and some thing to put in the grand children play room to keep them from getting heart
 This bed served as an excellent spare bed for us , inflating easily , holding air , and sleeping comfortably . What we liked as much as anything was the unique advantage of two mattresses either zippering together on top of each other for a higher bed or separating for individual use of two separate queen beds if desired . It worked flawlessly time and time again , and now we plan to send it to Central America to a son living there .
 Me salv&oacute; , cuando vienieron visitas a mi casa , luego hice un campamento y todo resulto muy bien , gracias a este producto .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I got the shotgun shell holder on August 2 , right on schedule according to the delivery estimate . No problems with delivery.The shell holder matches the picture ; it has a Velcro flap that holds five shells in place , it straps on to the butt-stock of your shotgun and is well made . Also , the pouch itself is detachable and , if need be , you can attach it to a Velcro belt or anything else of the sort.Blackhawk has made a great shell holder that will prevent you from losing any shells just because of loose loop holes . With this shell holder , you do n't have to worry about that anymore . It snugly fits my five 12-gauge slugs and whenever I go hunting , unless I shoot something , I wo n't be losing any shells at all.Short story , great shell holder , strongly made , detachable and your shells are stored securely . Great product .
 this is a well made shell holder , mostly . strong elastic loops to keep the shells in place and the flap is an excellent idea by blackhawk . the pouch holds securely to the stock thanks to the elastic strap around the recoil pad . but the front velcro strap that secures just behind the pistol grip on the stock , really is too short . the velcro front strap laps over maybe a half inch . that 's all . it has n't come undone on me , but it makes me wonder if it might . seriously , how much trouble would it have been to make the front strap just one inch longer ? i guess i 'll sew an extra inch of velcro to the front strap , but blackhawk shoulda made it right
 This is well worth your twenty dollars . It is extremely secure and I have no doubts about it being there when I need it .
 I love this one !!! Works great for left handed people and it holds more than I expected ! I am very happy with this purchase .
 A very good design that is superior to elastic stock holders that tend to stretch out over time . I am able actually carry 7 12 gauge shells . Not the best solution for a tactical reload environment , but I personally prefer knowing the additional ammo is secure .
 These socks are great ! They keep my feet nice and dry when I workout ; not so much as a drop of sweat ! Nice ! I also love these socks because the fabric does n't pile even after several washing and years of usage . Love 'em !
 The wife likes them . Luckily I bought them big as they did shrink a lot .
 Have no complaints about this yoga mat ! It rolls up very easy , and is the perfect length for my yoga workout . Just make sure if you have a cat that they do n't use it as a scratching post !
 I really like this mat - it 's a little thicker than I am used to , but that is fine . It is nice and long , and just sticky enough . The only problem I have with it in any way is the color . TAN it is not ! It is the most horrid pale peachy flesh color - it is almost embarrasing . I feel like I should put some tanning lotion on it !
 Mat is great . No chemical smell and no coating to wash off . Color advertised does n't exactly match what I received , but it 's OK .
 I am adding my review to the others here . This is the perfect mat . Perfect size and perfect thickness . I have hard wood floors and exercising on this mat is very comfortable . The mat also ` sticks ' to the floors and does n't slip . It rolls up nicely and stores after each session . Well worth the money .
 This is my first yoga mat and I think it is great . I got the orange color and it is perfect . It is the best price I could find . I did not find it to smell of vinyl unless you put your nose right on it . It also was not slippery . I find the cushioning to be helpful on my hard floor . Next time I think I would spend a big more money to get a wider mat . That would be helpful for when I do things on my sides . I am right at the edge of this mat which is 24 '' wide . A few more inches would be better .
 I love this mat ! High quality for an inexpensive price . I ordered the light blue , and it 's actually a little darker than pictured . Not by much , though . Not a big deal . The thickness is perfect for my bony dinosaur spine . Perfect comfort . The thickness did n't throw my balance off at all . I would definitely buy this product again .
 I got this mat a couple of years ago for doing yoga at home . It has been wonderful . I did n't realize that it was so wonderful until my daughter tried to steal if from me and I got her one at a big box-store . Mine is softer and it does better at sticking in place than the other one . I love it ! The other mat lasted no time at all but this mat is still going strong !
 At first , had a little trouble with balancing poses on this thicker mat , but as I used it more and became accustomed to it , I have decided that it 's an excellent choice for anyone who wants a little extra padding . As some others have noted , the `` Dark Green '' is actually teal/blue-green , but that 's not a problem for me .
 Great mat.Pros
 Works great , has a great amout of padding so the floor no longer hurts to excerise on . Very happy with it .
 I really like this mat . It provides the perfect amount of cushioning . Some people have complained about the smell of it , but mine aired out quickly and ceased to smell .
 This mat works well and was a great price . I recommend it to anyone .
 This is a great mat . I found that it 's sticky enough to use right away . There is a faint odor that disappears quickly -- it 's a lot better than the smelly mats everyone uses at the studio . Choose your colors carefully , and you can get a real deal !
 I am really hapy with this purchase.Item was as described , sent quikly.i 'll definitevely buy again from this seller
 I enjoy the thickness of this mat , but it seems more narrow than the mat I was using . If you plan to buy a yoga mat with it I would not recommend the Gaiam Eco Conscious Recycled yoga mat bag because you 'll do a yoga session just trying to get it to fit inside the bag . The color of the mat -LRB- I got the Olive Green -RRB- is also not what I would refer to as olive , but more like a bright grass green .
 You get what you pay for , and I mean that in a good way . Inexpensive mat , but better then most inexpensive mats out there.Smells pretty terrible when you open it , like something plastic that came fresh from the factory , goes away after a day or so though . Also its a little slick but if you follow the instructions on the packaging , it will be fine . I 'm happy with this product .
 we left the mat stretched out for a few days like others suggested - and it 's fine . The odor is gone . It 's a good value and nicely padded . Rolls up efficiently .
 This is a very nice yoga mat . It 's very thick , which is great for when you are on your hands and knees . I was having a little bit of pain in my hands with the thinner mats , which I think are 1/8th . I get a lot of compliments on this mat and it is as good -LRB- or better -RRB- as most of the other mats I have seen .
 I read the previous reviews and many complained of a strong , new `` chemical '' smell . Although it did have a strong smell when I opened it and used it the first time , by the next day the smell had disappeared . Not sure if it 's worth the exra few dollars compared to the other similar yet cheaper yoga mat on Amazon .
 WOW ! I bought this in olive green b/c it was $ 9.95 , just got this yesterday only 4 days after -LRB- only b/c of a recent snowstorm that hit us here -RRB- which was wayy faster than standard shipping had expected ! -LRB- P.S - they ship from Jersey -RRB- I bought this thickness b/c my 1/8 was not doing it , doing deep lunge poses was killing my knee caps which decide to radically reshift themselves upon whim , and my ankles - however boney they are , were continuously raging with pain when I had to do pigeon pose ! Not to mention my but enjoys some extra cushioning on hardwood floors ! I opened it up expecting the depressing olive color I had chosen at bargain price , and was pleasantly surprised when I saw an energizing bright mint green ! Once I had stopped oogling the color over , I unpackaged it -LRB- which thankfully , unlike other companies , they do n't fold , they sent rolled -RRB- And my , it was cushy . I took it for it 's first test drive with this morning 's yoga , and while yes slippery -LRB- I do suggest washing it and drying it out which I stupidly did not do -RRB- it was n't the worst , and seems like the type of slippery that gets better with time -LRB- I 've had my share of mats -RRB- . I would DEFINITELY buy again , in fact , I went to go order another olive green just now , and found out I must have bought the last one , sigh , well I guess I will have to wait then . LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT !!!! In fact , I may even go take a nap on it ! 1/4 Inch Ultra Thick Yoga Mat
 It 's a great mat . I love it . I 'm a plus size person and the extra thick cushioning really helps . I see other mats when I go to yoga class and they are not as thick as mine . The colors they show online are true to the color you receive . I am very happy with my mat an would definitely buy from them again . It came in a timely manner from when I placed my order.When I opened my mat it had a slight odor to it . I opened it all the way up and seeing it was nice weather put it outside on the patio to air out for a couple of days . It got the odor out completely .
 We have tile floors , so any exercise done at home needed a mat . We purchased 2 , and they 're both quite long and also just wide enough . I wish it had a LITTLE more padding , but not a LOT more ... and on these types of matts , even another fraction of an inch can make that difference .
 This is a wonderful mat . It is thick and comfortable and stays put well.I use it for yoga in the p90x system , and the ab ripper x workout . This is the same thickness as the beachbody mat , but at a reasonable price , not wallet gauging .
 Very satisfied with this yoga mat . bought it as a gift for my daughter who is starting to get into yoga and loves the color pink . I thought the price was better than what I saw in sports stores . She loves it .
 The mat is think enough to provide a cushion even when on concrete floors without slipping on smooth surfaces . It 's a comfortable mat suitable for multiple purposes .
 This mat is great , thickness is just right and does not slip on hard wood floors . I am 6 ' 3 and broad shouldered and this mat fits me fine . Highly recommend .
 To save shipping costs , I bought two instead of one to get the supersavings discount . Since I workout on a hard floor and I am heavier than the average yoga person , I used both mats , one on top of the other . Together they would great .
 I have been using this yoga mat for about four months now and I love it . It is very thick and cushions your body very well and is pretty long too . My hands tend to get pretty slippery while doing yoga , but this mat seems to be stickier than others I have used . I ordered the dark blue mat , but it is not very dark , it is actually a pretty bright , vibrant blue . Overall , I think this was a great investment and I would recommend this mat to any yogi !
 Good value and seems like a good mat although I do n't have much experience in that area .
 Ordered this yoga mat for my husband . It shipped and arrived on time , but the mat had a 1 '' tear in the middle of a long edge . My husband did n't care since it did n't prevent him from using it . Good price . This mat 's thicker than the one I bought myself at walmart even though they 're listed as the same size .
 This is my first yoga mat , so I have nothing to compare it to , but I 've been enjoying using it and it works quite well . There was never any odor , and the stickiness seems just right . The color was , indeed , slightly different than advertised . I ordered dark blue , but I received a mat that 's closer to turquoise ; it is an attractive , bright color , though . If you 're not too picky about the color , I recommend this yoga mat .
 This mat is large , comfortable and the color we chose -LRB- dark blue -RRB- was as calming as we expected . The only thing I should have done differently was to purchase a carrier . Because it is thick , it can be a little bit unwieldy to carry under one 's arm . A great deal !
 This is a really nice multi-purpose exercise mat . It it nice and cushiony , and `` sticky '' enough to hold your hands and feet in place when you are in different poses . The price is right , too . A really good buy !
 This is my first and only yoga mat . I just wish I had found it earlier . I now do all my stretching , yoga , and floor exercises on it . It is cushy so my knees and back do n't hurt . It is also sticky so my feet do n't slip . I did not have a problem with the smell . I just laid it out for a few hours to let it air out . Overall , great mat . Love the yellow color .
 This is the second mat I 've purchased . My husband liked mine so much I had to get him one of his own . Mat does not take up much space when rolled up and stored on end yet is cushy and non-slip during use . As others have said , there is an odor when the mat is new but it quickly fades .
 i do n't think it stinks ... i mean , its rubber , no it does n't smell like tulips , but not near as bad as i had expected after reading the reviews . i love mine , no complaints at all .
 The item arrived quickly and was just as described . It is the perfect thickness , not too thick and not to thin . Just what I needed .
 The Yoga mat is great ; however , I ordered one in light green , and got one in turquoise . Seems like that should n't happen ...
 I started a stretching class at my local gym 3 months ago . The mat supplied for the class were too thick and to short . Also , I knew for a fact that they were cleaned during the day but not after each class . Yes , I was ready to buy my first mat . I really like the fact that it 's longer and 1/4 inch thick . I think it is perfect ! I 've noticed the smell but it fades away after a couple of days -LRB- just keep it unrolled for a couple of days -RRB- . Honestly , I do n't see how a more expensive mat will improve my confort or ... flexibility .
 Provides a nice padded surface and the perfect size for me . Definitely a quality product .
 I really like this mat . It has just the right of stickiness and it is thick enough to cushion my knees . My one complaint was that it had a terribly strong chemical type odor when I first opened it . It was so strong that I got a headache from using it . I read what others did and simply sponged the mat off with some dish detergent . After rinsing it off in the shower and hanging it to dry , the smell was completely gone . Other than that , the mat is perfect in every way ! Oh -- the vendor was super fast in shipping . I think I had it within 2 days !
 This yoga mat , purchased as a gift , is nice heavy textured material that readily layed flat . The ` dark green ' color I ordered is actually teal , not dark green . Therefore , while the teal is a nice shade -LRB- and we kept it -RRB- , it is not dark and it is certainly not green ; and the inaccuracy of the color description warranted a reduction in stars . Should they change the official description to teal , this product gets 5 stars.Shipping was about $ 10 , which seemed pricey , but the quality of the mat made it worth the $ 30 total .
 I liked the thickness of the matt . the ones i was using at the gym were hardly ever washed and my wrists would hurt . I stil use the ones from the gym for extra padding but I know where the top matt has been .
 I bought this for my partner , whose knees have been hurting using the regular thickness yoga mat on the wood floor at the studio . This one adds just enough cushioning to protect her knees without compromising her balancing positions .
 For the record , I do n't use this for yoga . I use it for other floor excercises and I love that it is super squishy and soft . No more pain in my back from the hard floor . It does have a slight plastic odor but it is very slight and I can only smell it if I put my face right against it -LRB- which I do n't do often -RRB- .
 I needed to replace my old mat with something more insulating and comfortable . This is a good mat for the money ; the only reason I did not rate it higher is that it is coated with some kind of protective substance -LRB- I assume -RRB- , and there are no instructions on how to remove it . I do n't know if rubbing alcohol will hurt the surface of the mat .
 I loved this Yoga mat for its cushy ness ! It is light weight and very handy to have around on those hard floors . I really enjoy this product !
 It arrived quickly and serves its function . It is long enough for me -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 &#34; -RRB- and thick enough to provide cushion .
 Great price , very nice mat . Rolls up very compactly . We use it to do sit-ups and stretches . Would recommend to friends .
 I love this mat . I 'm not a yoga expert at all , but this mat is very comfortable and sturdy -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . The `` rubber '' smell or `` plastic '' smell that some people are sobbing about is not even bad . It goes away eventually . Think about it ; even sneakers have a `` rubber '' like smell when they 're first purchased and it goes away . The smell is not overbearing at all . I 'm glad I bought this mat
 Arrived fast ! It did have that chemical manufactured smell to it when I opened it . After a few days though it has subsided for the most part . I 'm not advanced in yoga . Though I do some , I mostly use it for my Brazilian Butt Lift workouts & my ab exercises . It 's not as thick as I would have hoped for , however I use it on my carpet so it does it 's purpose . I 'm not sure if I 'd want to use it on a hard floor . It 's a nice color & size . It has little cushion pockets that deflate & inflate back up like memory foam . It would have been nice if it came with a strap to keep it rolled up but I can make one myself .
 I bought this yoga mat about a month ago and have used it over a dozen times already . As soon as I got the mat in the mail I opened it , washed it with soap and water and hung it to dry for two days . This is something my teacher recommended as she says it helps because new mats tend to be less sticky and washing helps break them in faster . The first couple of times I used the mat it was still a little slippery . My hands slid out alot when I was in downward facing dog , but the mat seems to be improving with time . That 's why I am waiting to write this review . I love the mat ; it 's breaking in very well . The thickness is really nice especially when doing boat and when rocking on the spine ... I do n't feel the floor and therefore no pain . The extra length is also nice ... it gives me more room . All in all it 's a great mat , and for the price it 's even better . And I loved the color selection . I went with burgandy and my unique color sticks out in class ... helps me find my mat if I leave the room and come back , and it also helps me in the locker room when there are 3 dozen women with mats -LRB- mostly pink I might add -RRB- . Great mat , highly recommended ... just give it time to get broken in !
 I really enjoy this mat . It was my first yoga mat so I was n't sure what to expect . If you 're trying to decide which one to get as your first , you wo n't be disappointed with this one ! It 's thick , well-made , pretty -LRB- I leave mine out in my work out room all the time -RRB- , and it 's a GOOD size . I 'm a plus size woman -LRB- for now -RRB- and I find it 's plenty big enough . I 'm also 5 ' 8 '' and think the length of it is great . I did n't think it would make much of a difference -LRB- it is on carpet anyway -RRB- , but it did . Not only does it make a mental difference to have my own little area to do my stretches , but it just makes stretches better for some reason !
 It really is thick , thicker than most of the mats I see in my yoga class . And , I feel really comfortable when using it . It arrived in a timely manner and the colors are true
 I purchased two mats
 This mat is very comfortable and has just the right tackiness to prevent sliding duing yoga postures . It 's not as wide as I would have liked , but that is my own fault for not reading the dimensions before purchasing . Overall , I would highly recommend this mat or another similar mat from the same company .
 This yoga mat gets a little slippery if your hands are n't completely dry or if you 're sweaty , although it has gotten better the more I have used it . It is thick enough that I do n't need additional padding for any shapes , and the plastic smell was not nearly as bad as my previous mat , which took months to dissipate .
 I have received my order in a time manner and without a problem . I am very satisfied with my purchase . It 's an excellent yoga mat for beginners . It provides good cushion , length and variety of colors . All I had to do was open the package immediately upon arrival , wash it with cold water only and hang for 48 hours to allow it to dry completely and get rid off any smell residue.If you are considering getting yourself a yoga mat I highly recommend this one to start with .
 Good product , but could be slightly softer . Quality as advertized . No problem with delivery . I would order this again if I need another mat
 Let me start off with saying ... everything about this mat is perfect and I wish I could give it 6 stars :-RRB- . I bought a pink mat for $ 18.91 . The color is amazing . The size of the mat is perfect -LRB- length , width , and thickness -RRB- . I bought a danskin now yoga kit and the mat inside does n't even compare to this . It 's an amazing mat for a great price . I broke my knee once and this mat is very gentle on my knees . I tried using on carpet recently and it slid around some , but i think you need a special type of mat on carpet . The only thing i wish is that it would n't slide on carpet . Other than that , this mat is EXACTLY what I hoped for and exceeded my expectations . I am more than pleased with my purchase . If you are looking for a yoga mat , you would have to be crazy not to buy this one .
 i just noticed that the price of this mat has gone up since i purchased it -LRB- i paid $ 15.26 for it - woohoo ! -RRB- , so now i feel like i should love it even more . i was n't sure if it would be thick enough since i have issues with my knee , but it 's very comfortable and conforms to my hands and feet when i plant them down . i did n't have any issues with a chemical smell , but my hands and feet did slip a little bit -LRB- i 've only used it once so far , but it was n't a major issue and not during any standing poses - i was using a regular exercise mat before so there already so much less slippage ! -RRB- . the size of the mat is great - definitely plenty of room to move during class . for what i paid for it , i 'm very happy with my purchase - it 's comfortable and the color is really cute .
 So happy to get my really BRIGHT pink yoga mat . So pink my dog 's wont even go near it -LRB- a huge plus -RRB- It is super cushy and almost like memory foam . Not only good for Yoga ... but good for sun bathing in the backyard.Would recommend this product for anyone getting into or already into yoga!Namaste
 What you see in the picture is what you get . It did n't smell that bad as some people described . Probably exaggerated . Went away real quick .
 This is an amazing yoga mat , it 's so thick you can see the indentation from where your feet sink in ! i have nothing bad to say about it , except that i ordered olive and it looks more like lime green but it 's okay , i like that color too .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it . Very quick shipping and quality was very good . I would do business with this company again .
 Very pleased with this mat , i bought it for a gift and it is good quality and was a great price .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love this lighter . I burn a lot of candles and this lighter is perfect for that . The flame adjusts easily . I will purchase another one . Note
 What can I say more than I am totally satisfied ... great lighter for a great price ... NO MORE COSTLY DISPOSIBLES !!!
 This Zippo lighter is the best lighter I 've ever used . It works each and every time period !
 Bought this for lighting candles and anything else around the home or outside . Excellent tool , highly recommend it , works great .
 I bought 4 of these for Christmas presents after seeing them in catalogs . Once I received them , I just had to open one and try it out for myself . Needless to say , someone wo n't be getting one of these for Christmas since I have decided to keep one for myself . I absolutely love it . I light everything with it . It 's very classy and sleek . A great present for anyone .
 I have n't tried it out yet , I still need to purchase some butane and then give it to my husband for christmas , but it is a beautiful lighter . I saw some in a store for nearly half the price , but I 'm glad I ordered this one . It is much higher quality and even came in a metal gift box .
 I have used this type of lighter for over five years . It is versatile for many uses around the home , since I am not a smoker . Our uses include
 Wow , what an interesting purchase . I saw this on an online buyers guide of sorts , and it caught my eye . I hopped on Amazon and looked it up and found some good prices and put my order in . When I received this thing I was pretty floored . I am going to take some user-submitted images with my phone camera so y' all can see what I mean when I say
 I would recommend this to anyone . This is our third , the first two being stolen ! I guess thieves know a good thing when they see it . It was a `` must '' replace .
 Looks classy and feels good in your hand . A GREAT lighter for my Yankee jar candles . It even comes with fuel in it !
 I have only had this gun for four days and it ROCKS !!!!!!! I could n't find any other gun at that price for how good it really is , and I 've been searching for WEEKS !!!!!! Amazon you guys ROCK !!!!
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 It 's a good banner that comes with a convenient dowl plus string so you can hang it on a wall . The green background on mine was a little off center but the lettering and logo looks about right . Regardless , it looks good on my office wall !
 This shirt is of good quality and logo of the team is large and striking .
 I got this for my golf nut father . It was the only one that would fit his modified -LRB- to four person -RRB- cart w/out the canopy over the back seats . I also got a magnetic tent fan/light combo and cart heater . They make this cover much more usable . He can put it on by himself and can now ride to the clubhouse or the neighbors in the rain and cold . It seems to be nicely made and fits great . The first time he put it on , a strap snagged around the back fender and tore at the seem a bit . So , we 'll see how it holds up in the future . So far , so good .
 Only one flaw ... no easy access to your golf clubs in the rear ... Needs some kind of opening or flap to access clubs ... other than that it is nice and warm and dry inside ...
 The lamp is very nice and it is just like my Pittsburgh Steeler lamp I purchased a few years ago .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 My son usually wears a size large sock , but these socks might have fit him when he was 8 . That is the only problem . The socks are very well made , but just to small . My younger nephew got them instead .
 In this day and age , we can not be too prepared . As I was watching the television , I realized my shooting skills were sub par . To remedy the situation , I purchased these . So when the ever looming zombie apocalypse gets here - guess who will be safe . This girl .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 To start , this gun is great at doing everything its supposed too ! It is a great deal for the price and works fairly well . I 've had this gun a few months now , and it is still working . It is fairly accurate up to a certain point . I would say it shoots about 200FPS . One thing I extremly love about this gun is the cocking . You can cock this gun so fast that its almost like an automatic gun . Another thing that is interesting is that if you cock the gun more then once without firing , you can load more than one bb and fire many bb 's like a real shotgun . My only complaint about it is that sometimes after a while , the shots start curving through the air , making it hard to hit the target . It comes with the laser and scope , flashlight , strap , glasses , bb 's , batteries , and of course the gun.The laser works very well , it has n't run out of batteries yet . My only complaint is that it points slighty to the left . So when I aim , I have to guess and point the laser slighty left of the target.Flashlight works great ! No complaints , batteries still working . It is helpful for me though , because it shines a blue color which makes neon colors sort of stand out . So when I have indoor battles , I can just turn the lights off and find all the pellets that are still intact so they can be used again . lolI have n't used the strap , but it seems to be strong and durable.The glasses are ok . One of the first battles I was in , I was rounding a corner and was shot at a very close range and hit in the upper right side of the glasses and a piece snapped off and some of it cracked . So lol it did its job but rendered itself useless.Batteries and bb 's were nice to have and worked well.Pros : DurableMany things included like laser scope , bb 's , and moreGreat shotPowerfulaccurate up to a certain pointGreat PriceCons : Inaccuracy occurs after a certain distance is reachedGlasses are n't the strongestLaser is n't accurateOverall , I would definately recommend getting this gun ! As I said before , I would say this is a great gun for people between beginners and advanced .
 I am Karen 's son I got this gun and i 'm not sure if mine is the same gun by the same company but my gun is total sweetness!Pros :300 -350 fpsbig heavy gun gives it realistic feelingit hurtseasy to pumpadjustable hop-upcomes with two clipsCons : small clip usually jamsyou have to spin a thing at the bottom of the big clip every so oftenorange tip breaks easilyOverall it 's a very good gun . I 'm looking for cheap good quality airsofts , please give me ideas!PLEASE !
 I am a 10 year old boy and I got this gun and it is total sweetness!Pros :300 -350 fpsbig heavy gun gives it realistic feelingit hurtseasy to pumpadjustable hop-upcomes with two clipsCons : small clip usually jamsyou have to spin a thing at the bottom of the big clip every so oftenorange tip breaks easilyOverall it 's a very good gun . I 'm looking for cheap good quality airsofts , please give me ideas!PLEASE !
 The proud members of the international community of Gas Mask collectors -LRB- or Gassies , as we call ourselves -RRB- are pleased to see that Amazon is now selling the Belgian gas mask.Quite simply , this is the best gas mask in the world , easily outstripping both the military and civilian Israeli versions in terms of quality and design - although , to be fair , their children 's mask remains the best option for young people and dwarves.Despite the funky colour scheme , the East German gas mask ca n't filter a gnat 's fart and the pathetic , eco-friendly British version - made from Welsh string-vests and previously-owned toilet paper - pales by comparison.Sadly , Belgium is too often dismissed as the world 's worst colonial power and an unlovely home to an obscene number of serial killers . Now it is time to celebrate her achievements - the vierendeel truss , nauseating fruit-flavoured beers , an imaginary , moustachioed amateur detective with an eating disorder and the finest gas mask known to man.If you still believe Belgium to be an irrelevant , non-country peopled by bickering dullards , please keep you ill-informed opinions to yourself - otherwise Jean-Claude Van Damme might come round and kick your head off .
 Run/chase ppl in this thing , and you 're gon na start breathing heavy , and when you breathe heavily , and the intake vents , which are situated under the lenses ... SHOOTS jets of air into your eyes , blinding you and give them a window of opportunity for retribution saoifdhodshfiahoshfo xDSeriously though other than that , this thing is great , do n't expect it to protect against anything though
 looks fun and humiliating on boy slaves ! easy to manage and it looks strange and appealing to me somehow .
 This Item I bought for halloween and it was cool looking and OK comfortable it was a very entertain ing buy .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I ordered a dark green one , It 's well made . Easy to get on & off plus fits well . Only one thing , I wish could find an eye gaurd that fits . I was happy with my experience !
 I ordered an adult catcher mask , which arrived very quickly and was well packed . The mask was of great quality , I loved it !
 My last Lions antenna topper was stolen . Can you believe that ?! Some people 's children , as my grandma used to say . Well , I was able to get a new one and a spare . It fits perfectly.It also has a small hole in the top of the helmet and an elastic band connected to a tiny screw , thus allowing it to be dangled.LIONS GOIN ' TO THE SUPERBOWL !
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 This Army Black Knights helmet was a gift for a formerWest Point graduate . The Riddell helmet arrived wellpackaged , and looking like the advertised item . Thequality and authenticity of the hemet is excellent .
 Late review but it 's ok.Pros
 Title says it all . I always loved Rothco hats . Word of advice though , DO NOT WASH ! -LRB- it will fall apart and fade considerabe after like 2 washes -RRB- .
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 I 've looked EVERYWHERE for this bike for my daughter . Apparently , My Little Pony is not very popular . Please help ! My daughter will be ecstatic if I can find it !
 This pump is amazing an d it still works perfectly after 3 years . It even was left in the rain .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 I love my Timberline Fleece it was just what I was looking for . I was looking for a very bright yellow fleece and I could n't find one in Chalotte N.C. , so someone told me to look on amazon.com . Now I have a new bright yellow fleece that is very warm . I must also tell you that the item arrived really timely.Thanks for everythingC.A . Vision Consulting
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 These pants feel very comfortable and fit well . I have a bit of a spare tire so the larger waist is perfect . However , I am 5 ' 2 '' so they are very long and will have to be shortened a lot . I like the flared bottom but imagine that will be gone by the time so much is taken off . Wish them came in a petite size . Also , it would be helpful to know the inseam measurement is . No mention on the website .
 I had some Danskin yoga pants for many years & they finally wore out . Of course I never thought I could get the exact same ones after so many years . Much to my delight I received these new ones & they were the exact same pant . Way to go Danskin -- sticking with a good product .
 I do not think I have ever owned a pair of yoga pants that were this comfortable . They have a nice wide waistband that does not roll . The material is not too light , not too heavy . They wash and dry easily . Hope Amazon gets them back - I want more more - more ! : -RRB-
 Love these pants to work out in or lounge around the house ! They are really soft and really comfortable !
 Cool , dressy , slimming , these pants are a must have as they will make WHAT EVER you wear look fabulous.Black will go with everything . As a school teacher , work out fan and pot luck church goer , my Danskins look great with everything from tennis shoes to spike heels . Fabric is quality , and the fabric looks smooth and sleek . The Price at Amazon is even cheaper then at the Danskin site . Enjoy .
 I ordered these online to replace my favorite pair of Danskin yoga pants that were wearing out . These new pants are lighter in weight than my old pair and contain more synthetics , but they are comfortable and sturdy . I had to shorten them quite a bit . I would recommend them for their value - the price is good and they should hold up fine .
 Delivered on time . Pants fit great , look great , and stretch better than I do in yoga positions . Very comfortable .
 Exactly what my wife was looking for and not available in Canada as she was told that Danskin Canada has undergone bankruptcy .
 These pants are awesome ! Very comfy and soft . I wear them for working out or even for around the house/for bed . Danskin makes the best yoga pants in my opinion !
 Recently ordered these pants . They are incredibly comfortable and the fit is wonderful . I like the firmness of the waistband and it is also very comfortable . Wish they came in more colors though .
 Since I am Japanese , may not be able to express well in English.I have helped umpire baseball and softball in children.Protector is very high in Japan , so , I purchased a American-made products.This is a good protector and breathable , washable is where I like it.Not so heavy , movement is easy.I think increasing the opportunity to wear this protector , to the umpire .
 Excellent condition . Fast delivery . A + +
 Late review but it 's ok.Pros
